<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1269190_0001193125-16-765633_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3932249</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>136003</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>220821</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>789646</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1670322</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>874583</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765633.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110141011
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765633
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EMERGING CTA PORTFOLIO LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001269190
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [6221]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53211
		FILM NUMBER:		161987298

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-296-1999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITIGROUP EMERGING CTA PORTFOLIO LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20031105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765633.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d239082d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      (X) QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR ( ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period from
                        to                   
       Commission File Number  0-53211   
  EMERGING CTA PORTFOLIO L.P.   
     (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)      

New York  
    
  04-3768983   
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
    
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)   
    c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
  522 Fifth Avenue      New
York, New York 10036         (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)     (855) 672-4468   
     (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
  Yes  X   No -   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).     Yes  X   No -   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large accelerated filer -   
    
  Accelerated filer -  
    
  Non-accelerated filer  X   
    
  Smaller reporting company -   
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).     Yes -  No  X    
 As of October 31, 2016, 55,877.0392 Limited Partnership Class A Redeemable Units were outstanding.

Table of Contents  

     EMERGING CTA PORTFOLIO L.P.   
  FORM 10-Q      INDEX   

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
    Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Statements of Financial Condition   
  (Unaudited)       
    (1)  Defined in Note 1.  

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments   
  September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       
       See accompanying notes to financial
statements. 
      4  

Table of Contents  

   Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments   
  December 31, 2015       
   * Liquid non-cash held as collateral.  
 ** Due to rounding.      
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
      5  

Table of Contents  

     Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
   Represents the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit during the period.     
 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
      6  

Table of Contents  

     Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
    Organization:      
 Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P. (the  Partnership ) is a limited partnership that was organized on July 7, 2003
under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The objective of the Partnership is to achieve capital appreciation through the allocation of assets to early-stage commodity trading advisors or established advisors employing early-stage
strategies, which engage, directly and indirectly through investments in the Funds (defined below), in speculative trading of a diversified portfolio of commodity interests, including futures, option on futures, forward, option on forward, spot and
swap contracts, cash commodities and any other rights or interests pertaining thereto. The Partnership may also enter into swap and other derivative transactions directly and through its investments in the Funds with the approval of the General
Partner (defined below). The sectors traded include currencies, livestock, lumber, energy, grains, metals, indices, softs and U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates. The commodity interests that are traded by the Partnership and the Funds are volatile and
involve a high degree of market risk. The General Partner may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s assets in United States ( U.S. ) Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds, including money market mutual
funds managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates.    Between December 1, 2003 (commencement of the offering period) and
August 5, 2004, 20,872 units of limited partnership interest in the Partnership ( Redeemable Units ) were sold at $1,000 per Redeemable Unit. The proceeds of the initial offering were held in an escrow account until August 6,
2004, at which time they were remitted to the Partnership for trading. The Partnership privately and continuously offers Redeemable Units in the Partnership to qualified investors. There is no maximum number of Redeemable Units that may be sold by
the Partnership.    Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the
 General Partner ) and commodity pool operator of the Partnership. The General Partner is wholly owned by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Holdings LLC ( MSSB Holdings ). MSSB Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan
Stanley is a publicly held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. Prior to June 28, 2013, Morgan Stanley indirectly owned a majority equity
interest in MSSB Holdings and Citigroup Inc. indirectly owned a minority equity interest in MSSB Holdings. Prior to July 31, 2009, the date as of which MSSB Holdings became its owner, the General Partner was wholly owned by Citigroup Financial
Products Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., the sole owner of which is Citigroup Inc.  
 As of September 1, 2011, the Partnership began offering three classes of limited partnership interests: Class A
Redeemable Units, Class D Redeemable Units and Class Z Redeemable Units; each of which will be referred to as a  Class  and collectively referred to as the  Classes.  All Redeemable Units issued prior to September 1, 2011
were deemed  Class A Redeemable Units.  The rights, liabilities, risks, and fees associated with investment in the Class A Redeemable Units were not changed. Class A Redeemable Units and Class D Redeemable Units are available to
taxable U.S. individuals and institutions, as well as U.S. tax exempt individuals and institutions. Class Z Redeemable Units are offered to certain employees of Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries (and their family members). The Class of Redeemable
Units that a limited partner of the Partnership receives upon subscription will generally depend upon the amount invested in the Partnership or the status of the limited partner, although the General Partner may determine to offer a particular Class
of Redeemable Units to investors at its discretion. As of September 30, 2016, there were no Redeemable Units outstanding in Class D or Class Z.  
 All trading decisions are made for the Partnership by The Cambridge Strategy (Asset Management) Limited
( Cambridge ), Harbour Square Capital Management LLC ( Harbour Square ), SECOR Capital Advisors, LP ( SECOR ) and Willowbridge Associates Inc. ( Willowbridge ) (each, an  Advisor  and collectively,
the  Advisors ), each of which is a registered commodity trading advisor. Effective September 30, 2016, Centurion Investment Management, LLC ( Centurion ) ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership.
Effective July 31, 2016, Perella Weinberg Partners Capital Management LP ( Perella ) ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. Effective September 30, 2015, Blackwater Capital Management, LLC
( Blackwater ) ceased to act as a commodity trading advisor to the Partnership. References herein to the  Advisors  may include, as relevant, Blackwater, Perella and Centurion. Each Advisor is allocated a portion of the
Partnership s assets to manage. The Partnership invests the portion of its assets allocated to each of the Advisors either directly, through individually managed accounts, or indirectly, through investments in the Funds. In addition, the
General Partner may allocate the Partnership s assets to additional non-major trading advisors (i.e. commodity trading advisors intended to be allocated less than 10% of the Partnership s assets). Information about advisors allocated less
than 10% of the Partnership s assets may not be disclosed. The General Partner may also allocate less than 10% of the Partnership s assets to a new trading advisor or another trading program of a current Advisor. The Advisors are not
affiliated with one another, are not affiliated with the General Partner or Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ), and are not responsible for the organization or operation of the Partnership.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  During the reporting periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
Partnership s/Funds  commodity broker was MS Co., a registered futures commission merchant. The Partnership/Funds also deposit a portion of their cash in non-trading accounts at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
 From May 12, 2014 until its termination effective September 30, 2016, the assets allocated to Centurion for trading
had been traded directly pursuant to Centurion s Short Term Systemic Strategy Program. From July 1, 2015 until its termination effective July 31, 2016, the assets allocated to Perella had been traded directly pursuant to a variation
of the program traded by PWP Global Macro Master Fund L.P. On August 1, 2016, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to Harbour Square, which is managed and traded by Harbour Square pursuant to Harbour Square s Discretionary
Energy Program.    Cambridge Master Fund L.P. ( Cambridge Master ), CMF Willowbridge Master Fund L.P.
( Willowbridge Master ) and SECOR Master Fund L.P. ( SECOR Master ) (together with Cambridge Master and Willowbridge Master, the  Funds ) have entered into a futures account agreement with MS Co. and commenced
trading through accounts at MS Co. PGM Master Fund L.P. ( PGM Master ) (prior to its liquidation on June 30, 2015) and Blackwater Master Fund L.P. ( Blackwater Master ) (prior to its liquidation on September 30,
2015) also entered into a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. Cambridge Master has also, and PGM Master had, entered into a foreign exchange prime brokerage agreement with MS Co. References to  Funds  included in this
report may include, as relevant, PGM Master and Blackwater Master. The Partnership has also entered into a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. The Partnership, directly and through its investment in the Funds, pays MS Co. (or
will reimburse MS Co. if previously paid) its allocable share of all trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, execution of transactions as well as exchange, clearing, user, give-up, floor brokerage and National Futures Association
fees (collectively, the  clearing fees ).    The Partnership has entered into a selling agreement with Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney LLC, doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ( Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ) (as amended, the  Selling Agreement ). Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management receives
an ongoing selling agent fee equal to (i) 2.0% per year of adjusted month-end net assets for Class A Redeemable Units and (ii) 0.75% per year of adjusted month-end net assets for Class D Redeemable Units. The ongoing selling
agent fee received by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is shared with the properly registered/exempted financial advisors of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management who sell Redeemable Units in the Partnership. Class Z Redeemable Units are not subject to
an ongoing selling agent fee.    In July 2015, the General Partner delegated certain administrative functions to SS C
Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the  Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting,
tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The cost of retaining the Administrator is allocated among the pools operated by the General Partner,
including the Partnership.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

2.  
    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:      
 The accompanying financial statements and accompanying notes are unaudited but, in the opinion of the General Partner, include
all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Partnership s financial condition at September 30, 2016, and the results of its operations and changes in partners  capital for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements present the results of interim periods and do not include all disclosures normally provided in annual financial statements. These financial statements
should be read together with the financial statements and notes included in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K (the  Form 10-K ) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) for the year ended
December 31, 2015. The December 31, 2015 information has been derived from the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Due to the nature of commodity trading, the results of operations for the interim periods presented should not be considered
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year.     Use of Estimates:  The preparation of financial
statements and accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates.  
  Profit Allocation:  The General Partner and each limited partner share in the profits and losses of the Partnership in
proportion to the amount of Partnership interest owned by each, except that no limited partner is liable for obligations of the Partnership in excess of its capital contribution and profits, if any, net of distributions or redemptions and losses, if
any.     Statement of Cash Flows:  The Partnership is not required to provide a Statement of Cash Flows.  
  Partnership s Investment in the Funds:  The Partnership carries its investment in the Funds, other than its
investment in Willowbridge Master, based on the Partnership s (1) net contribution to the Funds and (2) its allocated share of the undistributed profits and losses, including realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains
(losses), of the Funds. The Partnership carries its investment in Willowbridge Master based on Willowbridge Master s net asset value per unit as calculated by Willowbridge Master.  
  Partnership s/Funds  Derivative Investments:  All commodity interests of the Partnership/Funds, including
derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The commodity interests are recorded on trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value (as described in Note 5,  Fair Value
Measurements ) at the measurement date. Investments in commodity interests denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the measurement date. Gains or losses are realized when contracts
are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading account in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Financial Condition.
Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
  Partnership s Cash:  The Partnership s cash includes cash denominated in foreign currencies of $551,609 (cost
of $534,532) and $472,794 (cost of $473,186) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
  Income Taxes:  Income taxes have not been listed as each partner is individually liable for the taxes, if any, on its
share of the Partnership s income and expenses. The General Partner concluded that no provision for income tax is required in the Partnership s financial statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax
returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2012 through 2015 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. The General Partner does not believe that there are any uncertain tax
positions that require recognition of a tax liability.     Investment Company Status:  Effective January 1, 2014,
the Partnership adopted Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2013-08,   Financial Services   Investment Companies (Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements   and based on the General
Partner s assessment, the Partnership has been deemed to be an investment company since inception. Accordingly, the Partnership follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Topic 946 and reflects its investments at fair
value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Net Income (Loss) Per Redeemable Unit:  Net income (loss) per
Redeemable Unit is calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 946,   Financial Services   Investment Companies.   See Note 3,  Financial Highlights.   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments:  The carrying value of the assets and liabilities presented in the Statements of
Financial Condition that qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 825,   Financial Instruments,   approximates the fair value due to the short term nature of such balances.
    Recent Accounting Pronouncement:  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   The amendments in this update address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments for all entities that hold financial assets or owe
financial liabilities. One of the amendments in this update eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial
instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet or a description of changes in the methods and significant assumptions. Additionally, the update eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at
amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities. Investment companies are specifically exempted from ASU 2016-01 s equity investment accounting provisions and will continue to follow the industry specific guidance for
investment accounting under Topic 946. For public business entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein. For other entities, it is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The General Partner is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the Partnership s financial statements and related
disclosures.    There have been no material changes with respect to the Partnership s critical accounting policies as
reported in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

3.  
    Financial Highlights:      
 Financial highlights for the limited partner class as a whole for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were as follows:     Class A       

* 
   Net investment loss per Redeemable Unit is calculated by dividing the expenses net of interest income by the
average number of Redeemable Units outstanding during the period. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Redeemable Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit with the other per
unit information.         

** 
   Annualized (except for incentive fees).     

*** 
   Interest income less total expenses.     
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
period. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner class using the limited partners  share of income, expenses and average partners  capital of the Partnership and includes the income and expenses allocated from the
Funds, as applicable.  
      11  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

4.  
    Trading Activities:      
 The Partnership was formed for the purpose of trading contracts in a variety of commodity interests, including derivative
financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. The results of the Partnership s trading activities are shown in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital. The Partnership also invests its assets
through a  master/feeder  structure. The Partnership s pro-rata share of the results of the Funds  trading activities are shown in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
 The futures brokerage account agreements with MS Co. give the Partnership and the Funds the legal right to net unrealized
gains and losses on open futures, forward and option contracts in the Statements of Financial Condition. The Partnership and the Funds net, for financial reporting purposes, the unrealized gains and losses on open futures and forward contracts in
the Statements of Financial Condition, as the criteria under ASC 210-20,   Balance Sheet,   have been met.  
 All of the commodity interests owned by the Partnership are held for trading purposes. All of the commodity interests owned by
the Funds are held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 1,007 and 4,642, respectively. The monthly average number
of futures contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 2,442 and 1,635, respectively. The monthly average number of option contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 0. The monthly average number of option contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 0 and 134, respectively. The monthly
average notional value of currency forward contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $10,650,973 and $43,161,514, respectively. The monthly average notional value of currency
forward contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $20,069,124 and $14,387,171, respectively.  
 Trading and transaction fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors and the Partnership s percentage
ownership of each respective Fund. All clearing fees paid to MS Co. are borne directly by the Partnership for its direct trading and also by the Funds, which are then allocated to the Funds  limited partners, including the Partnership.  
 The following tables summarize the gross and net amounts recognized relating to assets and liabilities of the
Partnership s derivatives and their offsetting subject to master netting arrangements or similar agreements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  

12  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
   In the event of default by the Partnership, MS Co., the Partnership s commodity futures broker and
the sole counterparty to the Partnership s off-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Partnership s obligation with the Partnership s cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby
minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. There is no collateral posted by MS Co. and as such, in the event of default by MS Co., the Partnership is exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of
exchange-traded contracts, the Partnership s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee fund may be available in the
event of a default.       The following tables indicate the gross fair values of derivative instruments of
futures and forward contracts held directly by the Partnership as separate assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.      

* 
 This amount is in  Net unrealized depreciation on open futures contracts  in the Statements of Financial Condition.    
      13  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

*   This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts  in the
Statements of Financial Condition.    **This amount is in  Net unrealized depreciation on open forward contracts  in the Statements
of Financial Condition.    The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector, on derivative
instruments traded directly by the Partnership for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.      
   *** This amount is included in  Total trading results  in the Partnership s Statements of Income and Expenses
and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

5.  
    Fair Value Measurements:      
  Partnership s and the Funds  Fair Value Measurements.  Fair value is defined as the price that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls
shall be determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.    The
fair value of exchange-traded futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair
value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of
non-exchange-traded foreign currency option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as inputs the spot prices, interest rates, and option implied
volatilities quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business
day of the reporting period.    The Partnership and the Funds consider prices for exchange-traded commodity futures, forward,
swap and option contracts to be based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of the U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which
market quotations are not readily available are priced by broker quotes or pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for
the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership and the Funds did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the General Partner s assumptions and
internal valuation pricing models (Level 3). Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of the reporting period. During the reporting periods, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2.  

15  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

6.  
    Investment in the Funds:      
 On November 1, 2010, the assets allocated to Blackwater for trading were invested in Blackwater Master, a limited
partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership invested in Blackwater Master with cash equal to $15,674,694. Effective September 30, 2015, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Blackwater
Master for cash equal to $2,233,594.    On September 1, 2012, the assets allocated to Cambridge for trading were
invested in Cambridge Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership invested in Cambridge Master with cash equal to $3,000,000. Cambridge Master permits accounts managed by Cambridge
using the Asian Markets Alpha Programme and the Emerging Markets Alpha Programme, each a proprietary, systematic trading program, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of Cambridge Master.
Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Cambridge, including the Partnership, are permitted to be limited partners of Cambridge Master. The General Partner and Cambridge believe that trading through this master/feeder structure promotes
efficiency and economy in the trading process. The General Partner and Cambridge agreed that Cambridge will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Cambridge at a level that is up to 1.5 times the amount of assets allocated. The amount of
leverage may be increased or decreased in the future. However, in no event will the amount of leverage be greater than 2 times the amount of assets allocated.  
 Effective January 1, 2013, the assets traded directly by Willowbridge using its wPraxis Futures Trading Approach were
invested in Willowbridge Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership purchased 14,103.3175 units of Willowbridge Master with cash equal to $29,484,306. Willowbridge Master permits
accounts managed by Willowbridge using the wPraxis Futures Trading Approach, a proprietary, discretionary trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of Willowbridge Master. Individual
and pooled accounts currently managed by Willowbridge, including the Partnership, are permitted to be limited partners of Willowbridge Master. The General Partner and Willowbridge believe that trading through this master/feeder structure promotes
efficiency and economy in the trading process. The General Partner and Willowbridge agreed that Willowbridge will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Willowbridge at a level that is up to 3 times the amount of assets allocated.  
 On August 1, 2013, the assets allocated to SECOR for trading were invested in SECOR Master, a limited partnership
organized under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership invested in SECOR Master with cash equal to $10,000,000. SECOR Master permits accounts managed by SECOR using a variation of the program traded by SECOR Alpha Master Fund
L.P., a proprietary, systematic trading program, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of SECOR Master. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by SECOR are permitted to be limited
partners of SECOR Master. The General Partner and SECOR believe that trading through this master/feeder structure promotes efficiency and economy in the trading process. The General Partner and SECOR agreed that SECOR will trade the
Partnership s assets allocated to SECOR at a level that is up to 1.5 times the amount of assets allocated.    On
September 1, 2014, the assets allocated to Perella for trading were invested in PGM Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership invested in PGM Master with cash equal to
$10,500,000. Effective June 30, 2015, the Partnership fully redeemed its investment in PGM Master for cash equal to $21,222,368 and open commodity futures and forward contracts with a fair value of $(608,710). The Partnership also assumed PGM
Master s liabilities totaling $82,054 in the same transaction. From July 1, 2015 until its termination effective July 31, 2016, Perella traded the assets allocated to it directly in a managed account in the Partnership s name.
   The General Partner is not aware of any other material changes to any of the trading programs discussed above during the
fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The Funds  and the Partnership s trading of futures, forward and
option contracts, as applicable, on commodities is done primarily on U.S. and foreign commodity exchanges. The Funds and the Partnership engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with MS Co.  
 Generally, a limited partner in the Funds withdraws all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits, if any,
from the Funds as of the end of any month (the  Redemption Date ) after a request has been made to the General Partner at least three days in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a liability when the limited
partner elects to redeem and informs the Funds. However, a limited partner may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the General Partner at least three days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day.  
 Management fees, General Partner fees, ongoing selling agent fees and incentive fees are charged at the Partnership level. All
clearing fees are borne by the Partnership directly or by the Funds and allocated to the Funds  limited partners, including the Partnership. Professional fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Partnership, and also charged directly at
the Partnership level.    At September 30, 2016, the Partnership owned approximately 1.9% of Willowbridge Master, 48.1%
of SECOR Master and 26.4% of Cambridge Master. At December 31, 2015, the Partnership owned approximately 4.3% of Willowbridge Master, 45.5% of SECOR Master and 40.8% of Cambridge Master. It is the Partnership s intention to continue to
invest in the Funds. The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Funds. Expenses to investors as a result of investment in the Funds are approximately the same as they would be if the Partnership traded directly
and the redemption rights are not affected.    Summarized information reflecting the total assets, liabilities and
partners  capital of the Funds is shown in the following tables:      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

   Summarized information reflecting the Partnership s investments in, and the
Partnership s pro-rata share of the results of operations of, the Funds is shown in the following tables.      
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

19  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

7.  
    Financial Instrument Risks:      
 In the normal course of business, the Partnership and the Funds are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk,
including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. These financial instruments may include futures, forwards, options and swaps, whose values are based upon an underlying asset, index, or reference rate, and generally
represent future commitments to exchange currencies or cash balances, or to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at specified future dates, or, in the case of derivative commodity instruments, to have a reasonable
possibility to be settled in cash, through physical delivery or with another financial instrument. These instruments may be traded on an exchange, a swap execution facility or over-the-counter ( OTC ). Exchange-traded instruments include
futures and certain standardized forward, swap and option contracts. Specific market movements of commodities or futures contracts underlying an option cannot accurately be predicted. The purchaser of an option may lose the entire premium paid for
the option. The writer or seller of an option has unlimited risk. Certain swap contracts may also be traded on a swap execution facility or OTC. OTC contracts are negotiated between contracting parties and also include certain forward and option
contracts. Each of these instruments is subject to various risks similar to those related to the underlying financial instruments, including market and credit risk. In general, the risks associated with OTC contracts are greater than those
associated with exchange-traded instruments because of the greater risk of default by the counterparty to an OTC contract. The General Partner estimates that at any given time approximately 49.8% to 70.3% of the Partnership s/Funds 
contracts are traded OTC.     Futures Contracts.  The Partnership and the Funds trade futures contracts. A futures
contract is a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of investments, currency or a standardized amount of a deliverable grade commodity, at a specified price on a specified future date, unless the contract is closed before the delivery
date or if the delivery quantity is something where physical delivery cannot occur (such as the S P 500 Index), whereby such contract is settled in cash. Payments ( variation margin ) may be made or received by the Partnership and the
Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership and the Funds. When the contract is closed, the Partnership and the Funds record
a realized gain or loss equal to the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and value at the time it was closed. Transactions in futures contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or
other assets and variation margin deposits, through the futures broker, directly with the exchange on which the contracts are traded. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on futures contracts are included in the
Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.     Forward Foreign
Currency Contracts.  Forward foreign currency contracts are those contracts where the Partnership and the Funds agree to receive or deliver a fixed quantity of foreign currency for an agreed upon price on an agreed upon future date. Forward
foreign currency contracts are valued daily, and the Partnership s and Funds  net equity therein, representing unrealized gain or loss on the contracts as measured by the difference between the forward foreign exchange rates at the dates
of entry into the contracts and the forward rates at the reporting date, is included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on forward foreign
currency contracts are recognized in the period in which the contract is closed or the changes occur, respectively, and are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
  London Metals Exchange Forward Contracts.  Metal contracts traded on the London Metals Exchange ( LME )
represent a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of aluminum, copper, lead, nickel, tin or zinc. LME contracts traded by the Partnership and the Funds are cash settled based on prompt dates published by the LME. Variation margin may
be made or received by the Partnership and the Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership and the Funds. A contract is
considered offset when all long positions have been matched with a like number of short positions settling on the same prompt date. When the contract is closed at the prompt date, the Partnership and the Funds record a realized gain or loss equal to
the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in LME contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin
deposits, through the broker, directly with the LME. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on metal contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in
Partners  Capital.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Options.  The Partnership and the Funds may purchase and write (sell)
both exchange-listed and OTC options on commodities or financial instruments. An option is a contract allowing, but not requiring, its holder to buy (call) or sell (put) a specific or standard commodity or financial instrument at a specified price
during a specified time period. The option premium is the total price paid or received for the option contract. When the Partnership/Funds write an option, the premium received is recorded as a liability in the Partnership s/Funds 
Statements of Financial Condition and marked-to-market daily. When the Partnership/Funds purchase an option, the premium paid is recorded as an asset in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Financial Condition and marked-to-market daily.
Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on option contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
 As both a buyer and seller of options, the Partnership/Funds pay or receive a premium at the outset and then bear the risk of
unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. Written options expose the Partnership/Funds to potentially unlimited liability; for purchased options, the risk of loss is limited to the premiums paid. Certain written put
options permit cash settlement and do not require the option holder to own the reference asset. The Partnership/Funds do not consider these contracts to be guarantees.  
 The Partnership and the Funds do not isolate the portion of the results of operations arising from the effect of changes in
foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations from changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in
Partners  Capital.    Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the
Partnership/Funds due to market changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related
underlying assets are traded. The Partnership and the Funds are exposed to a market risk equal to the value of futures and forward contracts purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short.  
 Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of
a contract. The Partnership s/Funds  risk of loss in the event of counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the contract or notional amounts of
the instruments. The Partnership s/Funds  risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership/Funds to offset unrealized gains and losses and other assets
and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership/Funds have credit risk and concentration risk, as MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate is the sole counterparty or broker with respect to the
Partnership s/Funds  assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate, the Partnership s/Funds  counterparty is an exchange or clearing
organization.    The General Partner monitors and attempts to control the Partnership s/Funds  risk exposure on a
daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems, and accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership/Funds may be subject. These
monitoring systems generally allow the General Partner to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures,
forward and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions.    The
majority of these instruments mature within one year of the inception date. However, due to the nature of the Partnership s/Funds  business, these instruments may not be held to maturity.  
 The risk to the limited partners that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share of the
Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. The limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law.      

8.  
    Subsequent Events:      
 The General Partner evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The
General Partner has assessed the subsequent events through the date of issuance and has determined that, other than the event listed below, there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.  
 On October 1, 2016, the Partnership allocated a portion of its assets to Independent View BV ( Independent
View ), which is managed and traded by Independent View pursuant to Independent View s IV Quantitative Futures Fund Program.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.     
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. Its assets are its (i) investment in the Funds,
(ii) equity in trading account, consisting of cash at MS Co. and cash margin, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts and investment in U.S. Treasury bills at fair value,
if applicable, (iii) cash at bank and (iv) interest receivable. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in commodity futures trading, relatively small price movements may result in substantial losses to the Partnership,
through its direct investments and investment in the Funds. While substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such illiquidity occurred in the third quarter of 2016.  
 The Partnership s capital consists of the capital contributions of the partners as increased or decreased by net realized
and/or unrealized gains or losses on trading and by expenses, interest income, subscriptions, redemptions of Redeemable Units and distributions of profits, if any.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Partnership capital decreased 22.6% from $94,328,641 to $73,011,974. This
decrease was attributable to redemptions of 13,995.9770 Class A limited partner Redeemable Units totaling $18,355,305 and redemptions of 162.0830 Class A General Partner Redeemable Units totaling $211,129, coupled with a net loss of
$2,785,233, which was partially offset by subscriptions for 26.8380 Class A limited partner Redeemable Units totaling $35,000. Future redemptions can impact the amount of funds available for investment in subsequent periods.  
  Critical Accounting Policies   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting period. The General Partner
believes that the estimates utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Partnership s significant accounting policies are described in detail in Note 2,  Basis of
Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,  of the Financial Statements.    The Partnership and the
Funds record all investments at fair value in their financial statements, with changes in fair value reported as a component of net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) in the Statements of Income and Expenses and
Changes in Partners  Capital.     Results of Operations   
 During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the net asset value per Class A Redeemable Unit decreased 1.5% from
$1,302.60 to $1,283.37, as compared to an increase of 4.0% in the third quarter of 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2016 of $21,062. Gains were primarily attributable to the
Partnership s/Funds  trading of commodity futures in energy, grains, livestock, softs and indices, and were partially offset by losses in currencies, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates and metals. The Partnership experienced a net trading
gain before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2015 of $6,263,940. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s/Funds  trading of commodity futures in currencies, energy, indices, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates,
livestock and metals, and were partially offset by losses in grains.    The most significant losses were incurred within the
currency sector during July from short positions in the Indian rupee versus the U.S. dollar as the demand for assets in emerging markets picked up amid optimism the U.K. s vote to exit the European Union will not have a lasting effect on South
Asian markets. During August, losses in this sector were recorded from long positions in the Malaysian ringgit, South African rand, and Taiwan dollar versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the U.S. dollar strengthened amid investor
speculation that the U.S. Federal Reserve ( Fed ) may tighten monetary policy. Within the global interest rate sector, losses were recorded during July from short positions in British fixed income futures as prices advanced as continued
uncertainty surrounding the economic and political fallout following the U.K. s vote to leave the European Union increased demand for the relative  safety  of government debt. In the metals complex, losses were incurred during August
from long futures positions in industrial metals as prices moved lower due to weakening Chinese demand and a stronger U.S. dollar. During September losses were incurred in this sector from short copper futures positions as prices rose. The
Partnership s losses for the quarter were partially offset by gains achieved within the global stock index sector from long global equity index futures positions as prices rose amid positive U.S. economic data and as investor s immediate
fears created by the U.K. s decision to leave the European Union subsided. Within the energy complex, gains were recorded during July from short futures positions in crude oil as an increase in the U.S. rig count and growing inventories
continued to pressure prices lower. Within the agricultural markets, gains were experienced during August from short positions in wheat and corn futures as prices moved lower as positive weather conditions in the world s grain growing regions
added to a global supply glut. Additional gains were achieved in the agriculturals during September from long positions in sugar futures as prices moved higher due to unfavorable growing conditions threatening crop yields in Brazil and India, the
world s largest sugar cane growers.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net
asset value per Class A Redeemable Unit decreased 3.4% from $1,328.16 to $1,283.37, as compared to an increase of 1.4% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $1,092,030. Gains were primarily attributable to the Partnership s/Funds  trading of commodity futures in energy, grains, non-U.S. interest rates, livestock, softs and indices, and were
partially offset by losses in currencies, U.S. interest rates and metals. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $7,724,380. Gains were primarily attributable to
the Partnership s/Funds  trading of commodity futures in currencies, indices, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates, livestock and metals, and were partially offset by losses in energy, grains and softs.  
 The most significant losses were recorded within the currency sector primarily during May from long positions in the Thai baht
and South African rand versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the dollar rallied amid increased speculation of a June interest rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve. Losses in currencies during July were from short positions in the Indian
rupee versus the U.S. dollar as the demand for assets in emerging markets picked up amid optimism the U.K. s vote to exit the European Union will not have a lasting effect on South Asian markets. During August, losses in this sector were
recorded from long positions in the Malaysian ringgit, South African rand, and Taiwan dollar versus the U.S. dollar. Within the metals complex, losses were incurred during February and March from short base metals futures positions as prices rose on
optimism that demand would improve in China after the government signaled increased support for the economy through higher spending and measures to boost lending. During April, additional losses in this sector were experienced from short silver
futures positions as prices rose as a decrease in the value of U.S. dollar spurred investor demand for precious metals. Losses were incurred during August from long futures positions in industrial metals as prices moved lower due to weakening
Chinese demand and a stronger U.S. dollar. During September losses were recorded in this sector from short copper futures positions as prices rose after Chinese reports fueled speculation that demand for copper was increasing, while stockpiles
decreased. The Partnership s losses for the first nine months of the year were partially offset by gains achieved within the global interest rates sector during January and May from long Canadian bond futures positions as prices increased amid
speculation that a decrease in oil revenue in Canada would delay future government interest rate increases. During June, additional gains were achieved within the this sector from long positions in European and U.S. fixed income futures as prices
advanced as uncertainty surrounding the economic and political fallout following the U.K. s vote to leave the European Union increased demand for the relative  safety  of government debt. Within the agricultural sector, gains were
recorded during May from long positions in soybean and soybean meal futures as prices advanced as flooding and adverse weather in South America threatened to curtail grain exports. During June, gains were achieved in this sector from long sugar
futures positions as poor growing conditions in Thailand, possible weather delays in the Brazilian harvest, and an expected supply shortfall next year helped lift prices higher. Gains were experienced during August from short positions in wheat and
corn futures as prices moved lower as positive weather conditions in the world s grain growing regions added to a global supply glut. Additional gains were achieved in the agriculturals during September from long positions in sugar futures as
prices moved higher. Within the global stock index sector, gains were achieved primarily during July from long global equity index futures positions as prices rose amid positive U.S. economic data and as investor s immediate fears created by
the U.K. s decision to leave the European Union subsided.    Commodity markets are highly volatile. Broad price
fluctuations and rapid inflation increase the risks involved in commodity trading, but also increase the possibility of profit. The profitability of the Partnership/Funds depends on the existence of major price trends and the ability of the Advisors
to correctly identify those price trends. Price trends are influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international
political and economic events, and changes in interest rates. To the extent that market trends exist and the Advisors are able to identify them, the Partnership expects to increase capital through operations.  
 Interest income on 100% of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the Partnership s
allocable portion of a Fund s) brokerage account during each month is earned at the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. Any interest earned on the Partnership s and/or each Fund s account in excess of the
amounts described above, if any, will be retained by MS Co. and/or shared with the General Partner. All interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market mutual fund securities will be retained by the Partnership and/or the Funds,
as applicable. Interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $32,441 and $115,880, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The increase in interest income is primarily due to higher
4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rates along with additional interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. Interest earned by the
Partnership will increase the net asset value of the Partnership. The amount of interest income earned by the Partnership depends on (1) the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s and/or the Funds  accounts,
(2) the amount of U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual fund securities purchased by the Partnership and/or the Funds and (3) interest rates over which none of the Partnership, the Funds nor MS Co. has control.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  Certain clearing fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors
for the Partnership/Funds. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the number of trades executed during the period. Clearing fees related to direct investments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $36,560, as
compared to the corresponding period in 2015. The decrease in these clearing fees is primarily due to a decrease in the number of direct trades made by the Partnership during the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the
corresponding period in 2015. Clearing fees related to direct investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $4,516, as compared to the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in these clearing fees is primarily due to
an increase in the number of trades for nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding period in 2015.  
 Ongoing selling agent fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of
each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in monthly net asset values. Ongoing selling agent fees for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 decreased by $139,533 and $362,258, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in ongoing selling agent fees is due to lower average net assets during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.    Management fees are calculated as a percentage
of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in monthly net asset values.
Management fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $125,531 and $302,003, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in management fees is due to lower average net assets during
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015, as well as reductions in monthly management fees paid to Centurion and SECOR effective January 1, 2016.  
 General Partner fees are paid to the General Partner for administering the business and affairs of the Partnership including,
among other things (i) selecting, appointing and terminating the Partnership s commodity trading advisors, (ii) allocating and reallocating the Partnership s assets among the commodity trading advisors and (iii) monitoring
the activities of the commodity trading advisors. These fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions.
Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in monthly net asset values. General Partner fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $69,475 and $181,078, respectively, as compared to the
corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in General Partner fees is due to lower average net assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.  
 Incentive fees paid by the Partnership to the Advisors are based on the new trading profits generated by each Advisor at the
end of the quarter, as defined in the respective management agreements among the Partnership, the General Partner and each Advisor. Trading performance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted in incentive fees in the
amounts of $110,217 and $290,666. Trading performance for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulted in incentive fees of $667,285 and $1,434,431, respectively. To the extent an Advisor incurs a loss for the Partnership,
the Advisor will not be paid incentive fees until such Advisor recovers any net loss incurred by the Advisor and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership.  
 The General Partner is also paid an incentive fee payable annually equal to 5% of the Partnership s overall New Trading
Profits, as defined in the Partnership s limited partnership agreement, earned in each calendar year. Trading performance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 did not result in any General Partner incentive fees, as
compared to General Partner incentive fees in the amount of $37,394 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
 In allocating the assets of the Partnership among the Advisors, the General Partner considers, among other factors, the
background of the Advisors  principals, as well as the Advisors  trading styles, strategies and markets traded, expected volatility, trading results (to the extent available) and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or
terminate the allocation of assets among the Advisors and may allocate assets to additional advisors at any time.    As of
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Partnership s assets were allocated among the Advisors in the following approximate percentages:      
   * Amounts presented are prior to Centurion s termination effective September 30,
2016.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
 The Partnership/Funds are speculative commodity pools. The market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership and the Funds
are acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or substantially all of the Partnership s/Funds  assets are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not
incidental, to the Partnership s main line of business.    The limited partners will not be liable for losses exceeding
the current net asset value of their investment.    Market movements result in frequent changes in the fair value of the
Partnership s/Funds  open positions and, consequently, in their earnings and cash balances. The Partnership s/Funds  market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of interest rates,
exchange rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Partnership s/Funds  open contracts and the liquidity of the markets in which they trade.  
 The Partnership/Funds rapidly acquire and liquidate both long and short positions in a wide range of different markets.
Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and the Partnership s/Funds  past performance is not necessarily indicative of their future results.  
  Value at Risk  is a measure of the maximum amount which the Partnership/Funds could reasonably be expected to lose
in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Partnership s/Funds  speculative trading and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Partnership/Funds of market movements far exceeding expectations could result in
actual trading or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Partnership s/Funds  experience to date (i.e.,  risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing, as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all
future projections, the inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Partnership s/Funds  losses in any market sector will be limited to Values at Risk or
by the Partnership s/Funds  attempts to manage their market risk.    Exchange margin requirements have been used by
the Partnership/Funds as the measure of their Value at Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95%-99% of any one-day
interval. The margin levels are established by dealers and exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic
fundamentals to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum expected near-term one-day price fluctuation.    Value at
Risk tables represent a probabilistic assessment of the risk of loss in market risk sensitive instruments. With the exception of certain Advisors, the Advisors currently trade the Partnership s assets indirectly in master fund managed accounts
established in the name of the master fund over which they have been granted limited authority to make trading decisions. The first two trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly and
through its investments in the Funds. The remaining trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly (i.e., in the managed accounts in the Partnership s name traded by certain Advisors), and
indirectly by each Fund separately. There has been no material change in the trading Value at Risk information previously disclosed in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the
Partnership s open positions by market category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, as applicable. As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership s total capitalization was $73,011,974.  

As of December 31, 2015, the Partnership s total capitalization was
$94,328,641.       
 
  The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the
Partnership s direct investments and indirect investments in the Funds by market category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the highest, lowest and average values during the three months ended September 30, 2016
and the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. All open contracts trading risk exposures have been included in calculating the figures set forth below.  
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Partnership s Value at Risk for the portion of its assets
that are traded directly was as follows:       
 
  * Average of month-end Values at Risk.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

* Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.  
 As of September 30, 2016, Cambridge Master s total capital was $72,344,839. The Partnership owned approximately 26.4%
of Cambridge Master. As of September 30, 2016, Cambridge Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Cambridge for trading) was as follows:  

* Average of month-end Values at Risk.  
 As of December 31, 2015, Cambridge Master s total capitalization was $59,709,922. The Partnership owned approximately
40.8% of Cambridge Master. As of December 31, 2015, Cambridge Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Cambridge for trading) was as follows:  

* Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, Willowbridge Master s total capitalization
was $370,587,401. The Partnership owned approximately 1.9% of Willowbridge Master. As of September 30, 2016, Willowbridge Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to
Willowbridge for trading) was as follows:       
 
  *  Average of month-end Values at Risk.  
 As of December 31, 2015, Willowbridge Master s total capitalization was $348,699,949. The Partnership owned
approximately 4.3% of Willowbridge Master. As of December 31, 2015, Willowbridge Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Willowbridge for trading) was as follows:  

*  Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.  
 As of September 30, 2016, SECOR Master s total capitalization was $44,284,532. The Partnership owned approximately
48.1% of SECOR Master. As of September 30, 2016, SECOR Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to SECOR for trading) was as follows:  

*  Average of month-end Values at Risk.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  As of December 31, 2015, SECOR Master s total capitalization was
$50,497,522. The Partnership owned approximately 45.5% of SECOR Master. As of December 31, 2015, SECOR Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to SECOR for trading) was as
follows:       
 
  *  Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.  
      29  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4.    Controls and Procedures   
 The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Partnership on the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods expected in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports it files is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and
Chief Financial Officer (the  CFO ) of the General Partner, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC filings.  
 The General Partner is responsible for ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing, maintaining
and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for the Partnership s external disclosures.    The General
Partner s President and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016 and, based on that
evaluation, the General Partner s President and CFO have concluded that, at that date, the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  
 The Partnership s  internal control over financial reporting  is a process under the supervision of the General
Partner s President and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These controls include policies and procedures that:  

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership;    

provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) the Partnership s receipts are handled and
expenditures are made only pursuant to authorizations of the General Partner; and        

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.      There were no changes in the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting
process during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
  Legal Proceedings       This section describes the major pending legal
proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership
or the General Partner.    On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware
corporation to a Delaware limited liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ).  
 MS Co. is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic
reports with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act, which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations
concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and
investigations. As a result, please refer to the  Legal Proceedings  section of Morgan Stanley s SEC 10-K filings for 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011. In addition, MS Co. annually prepares an Audited, Consolidated Statement of
Financial Condition ( Audited Financial Statement ) that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at  www.morganstanley.com . Please refer to the Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies   Legal section of
MS Co. s 2015 Audited Financial Statement.    In addition to the matters described in those filings, in the normal
course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, arising in connection with its activities as a global
diversified financial services institution. Certain of the legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. is also involved, from
time to time, in investigations and proceedings by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, fines or penalties. The number of these investigations and proceedings has
increased in recent years with regard to many financial services institutions, including Morgan Stanley and MS Co.  
 MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York
10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association.  
   Regulatory and Governmental Matters         
 MS Co. has received subpoenas and requests for information from certain federal and state regulatory and governmental
entities, including among others various members of the RMBS Working Group of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force, such as the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and several state Attorney General s Offices, concerning
the origination, financing, purchase, securitization and servicing of subprime and non-subprime residential mortgages and related matters such as residential mortgage-backed securities ( RMBS ), collateralized debt obligations
( CDOs ), structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ) and credit default swaps backed by or referencing mortgage pass-through certificates. These matters, some of which are in advanced stages, include, but are not limited to,
investigations related to MS Co. s due diligence on the loans that it purchased for securitization, MS Co. s communications with ratings agencies, MS Co. s disclosures to investors, and MS Co. s handling of
servicing and foreclosure related issues.    On February 25, 2015, MS Co. reached an agreement in principle with the
United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California, Civil Division (collectively, the  Civil Division ) to pay $2.6 billion to resolve certain claims
that the Civil Division indicated it intended to bring against MS Co. That settlement was finalized on February 10, 2016.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an
action against MS Co. and certain affiliates in California state court styled  California v. Morgan Stanley, et al. , on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees  Retirement System and the California
Teachers  Retirement System. The complaint alleges that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding residential mortgage-backed securities and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV (defined below), and asserts violations of the
California False Claims Act and other state laws and seeks treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On July 20, 2016, MS Co. filed a demurrer, which was granted on September 30, 2016. On October 21,
2016, the California Attorney General filed an amended complaint.    In October 2014, the Illinois Attorney
General s Office ( ILAG ) sent a letter to MS Co. alleging that MS Co. knowingly made misrepresentations related to RMBS purchased by certain pension funds affiliated with the State of Illinois and demanding that MS Co.
pay ILAG approximately $88 million. MS Co. and ILAG reached an agreement to resolve the matter on February 10, 2016.  
 On January 13, 2015, the New York Attorney General s Office ( NYAG ), which is also a member of the RMBS
Working Group, indicated that it intended to file a lawsuit related to approximately 30 subprime securitizations sponsored by MS Co. NYAG indicated that the lawsuit would allege that MS Co. misrepresented or omitted material information
related to the due diligence, underwriting and valuation of the loans in the securitizations and the properties securing them and indicated that its lawsuit would be brought under the Martin Act. MS Co. and NYAG reached an agreement to resolve
the matter on February 10, 2016.    On June 5, 2012, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an Order
Instituting Proceedings Pursuant to Sections 6(c) and 6(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, Making Findings and Imposing Remedial Sanctions by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) to resolve allegations related to
the failure of a salesperson to comply with exchange rules that prohibit off-exchange futures transactions unless there is an Exchange for Related Position ( EFRP ). Specifically, the CFTC found that from April 2008 through October 2009,
MS Co. violated Section 4c(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulation 1.38 by executing, processing and reporting numerous off-exchange futures trades to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ) and Chicago Board of Trade
( CBOT ) as EFRPs in violation of CME and CBOT rules because those trades lacked the corresponding and related cash, OTC swap, OTC option, or other OTC derivative position. In addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC
Regulation 166.3 by failing to supervise the handling of the trades at issue and failing to have adequate policies and procedures designed to detect and deter the violations of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulations. Without admitting or
denying the underlying allegations and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to entry of findings and the imposition of a cease and desist order, a fine of $5,000,000, and undertakings related to public
statements, cooperation and payment of the fine. MS Co. entered into corresponding and related settlements with the CME and CBOT in which the CME found that MS Co. violated CME Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $750,000 and CBOT found
that MS Co. violated CBOT Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $1,000,000.    On July 23, 2014, the SEC approved
a settlement by MS Co. and certain affiliates to resolve an investigation related to certain subprime RMBS transactions sponsored and underwritten by those entities in 2007. Pursuant to the settlement, MS Co. and certain affiliates were
charged with violating Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, agreed to pay disgorgement and penalties in an amount of $275 million and neither admitted nor denied the SEC s findings.  
 On April 21, 2015, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ( CBOE ) and the CBOE Futures Exchange, LLC
( CFE ) filed statements of charges against MS Co. in connection with trading by one of MS Co. s former traders of EEM options contracts that allegedly disrupted the final settlement price of the November 2012 VXEM
futures. CBOE alleged that MS Co. violated CBOE Rules 4.1, 4.2 and 4.7, Sections 9(a) and 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. CFE alleged that MS Co. violated CFE Rules 608, 609 and 620. The matters were
resolved on June 28, 2016 without any findings of fraud.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

  On June 18, 2015, MS Co. entered into a settlement with the SEC and paid
a fine of $500,000 as part of the Municipalities Continuing Disclosure Cooperation Initiative to resolve allegations that MS Co. failed to form a reasonable basis through adequate due diligence for believing the truthfulness of the assertions by
issuers and/or obligors regarding their compliance with previous continuing disclosure undertakings pursuant to Rule 15c2-12 under the Exchange Act in connection with offerings in which MS Co. acted as senior or sole underwriter. 
 On August 6, 2015, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an order by the CFTC to resolve allegations that
MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 22.9(a) by failing to hold sufficient U.S. dollars in cleared swap segregated accounts in the United States to meet all U.S. dollar obligations to cleared swaps customers. Specifically, the CFTC found that while
MS Co. at all times held sufficient funds in segregation to cover its obligations to its customers, on certain days during 2013 and 2014, it held currencies, such as euros, instead of U.S. dollars, to meet its U.S. dollar obligations. In
addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 166.3 by failing to have in place adequate procedures to ensure that it complied with CFTC Regulation 22.9(a). Without admitting or denying the findings or conclusions and
without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to the entry of findings, the imposition of a cease and desist order, a civil monetary penalty of $300,000, and undertakings related to public statements,
cooperation, and payment of the monetary penalty.      Civil Litigation    
 On December 23, 2009, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle filed a complaint against MS Co. and another
defendant in the Superior Court of the State of Washington, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  The amended complaint, filed on September 28, 2010, alleges that defendants made
untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by
MS Co. was approximately $233 million. The complaint raises claims under the Washington State Securities Act and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. By orders dated June
23, 2011 and July 18, 2011, the court denied defendants  omnibus motion to dismiss plaintiff s amended complaint and on August 15, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s individual motion to dismiss the amended
complaint. On March 7, 2013, the court granted defendants  motion to strike plaintiff s demand for a jury trial. The defendants  joint motions for partial summary judgment were denied on November 9, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $43 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $43 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants
in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. et al.  An amended complaint, filed on June 10, 2010, alleges that defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to
plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $276 million. The complaint raises claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such
certificates. On August 11, 2011, plaintiff s federal securities law claims were dismissed with prejudice. On February 9, 2012, defendants  demurrers with respect to all other claims were overruled. On December 20,
2013, plaintiff s negligent misrepresentation claims were dismissed with prejudice. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in these cases was approximately $52 million, and the
certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $2 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss for this action up to the difference between the $55 million unpaid balance of these
certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these
losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank ( CDIB ) filed
a complaint against MS Co., styled  China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated et al ., which is pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County ( Supreme Court of NY ).
The complaint relates to a $275 million credit default swap referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserts claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that
MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co. knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the credit default swap with CDIB. The complaint seeks compensatory damages
related to the approximately $228 million that CDIB alleges it has already lost under the credit default swap, rescission of CDIB s obligation to pay an additional $12 million, punitive damages, equitable relief, fees and costs. On
February 28, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss of up to approximately $240 million plus pre- and post-judgment interest,
fees and costs.    On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint against
MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al.  A corrected amended complaint was filed on
April 8, 2011, which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage
loans and asserts claims under Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately $203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the corrected amended complaint on May 27, 2011, which was denied on September 19, 2012. On December 13, 2013, the court entered
an order dismissing all claims related to one of the securitizations at issue. After that dismissal, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $78 million. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $48 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $48 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the
Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleges that defendants made untrue statements
and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff
by MS Co. was approximately $385 million. The amended complaint raises claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s
purchase of such certificates. On May 26, 2011, defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The defendants  motions to dismiss the amended complaint were granted in part and denied in
part on September 30, 2013. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at issue. After these
voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $332 million. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through
certificates at issue in this action was approximately $52 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference
between the $52 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be
entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. 
      34  

Table of Contents  

  On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in  Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et
al. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to
plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff currently at
issue in this action was approximately $644 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and seeks, among
other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 10, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. MS Co. perfected its appeal from that decision on June 12, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $252 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $85 million. Based on currently
available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $252 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment
against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses.  
 On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in  IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  filed a
complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $132 million. The complaint alleges causes of action
against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and
denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was
approximately $116 million. On August 26, 2015, MS Co. perfected its appeal from the court s October 29, 2014 decision. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department affirmed the trial court s decision
denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $26 million, and the certificates had
incurred actual losses of $58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $26 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred)
and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest
received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.      Settled Civil Litigation    
 On August 25, 2008, MS Co. and two ratings agencies were named as defendants in a purported class action related to
securities issued by a structured investment vehicle called Cheyne Finance PLC and Cheyne Finance LLC (together, the  Cheyne SIV ). The case was styled  Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, et al. v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al. 
The complaint alleged, among other things, that the ratings assigned to the securities issued by the Cheyne SIV were false and misleading, including because the ratings did not accurately reflect the risks associated with the subprime residential
mortgage-backed securities held by the Cheyne SIV. The plaintiffs asserted allegations of aiding and abetting fraud and negligent misrepresentation relating to approximately $852 million of securities issued by the Cheyne SIV. On April 24,
2013, the parties reached an agreement to settle the case, and on April 26, 2013, the court dismissed the action with prejudice.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

  On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, et al . An amended complaint filed on
June 10, 2010 alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential
mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $704 million. The complaint raised claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and sought, among other things, to rescind the
plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On January 26, 2015, as a result of a settlement with certain other defendants, the plaintiff requested and the court subsequently entered a dismissal with prejudice of certain of the
plaintiff s claims, including all remaining claims against MS Co.    On July 9, 2010 and February 11,
2011, Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. filed two separate complaints against MS Co. and/or its affiliates and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, both styled  Cambridge Place
Investment Management Inc. v. Morgan Stanley   Co., Inc., et al.  The complaints asserted claims on behalf of certain clients of plaintiff s affiliates and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions
in the sale of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. and/or its affiliates or sold to
plaintiff s affiliates  clients by MS Co. and/or its affiliates in the two matters was approximately $263 million. On February 11, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20,
2014, the court dismissed the action.    On October 25, 2010, MS Co., certain affiliates and Pinnacle Performance
Limited, a special purpose vehicle ( SPV ), were named as defendants in a purported class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ( SDNY ), styled  Ge Dandong, et al. v. Pinnacle
Performance Ltd., et al.  On January 31, 2014, the plaintiffs in the action, which related to securities issued by the SPV in Singapore, filed a second amended complaint, which asserted common law claims of fraud, aiding and abetting fraud,
fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraudulent inducement, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. On July 17, 2014, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, which received final court
approval on July 2, 2015.    On July 5, 2011, Allstate Insurance Company and certain of its affiliated entities
filed a complaint against MS Co. in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Allstate Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al . An amended complaint was filed on September 9, 2011, and alleged that the defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued and/or sold to the
plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $104 million. The complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation and seeks, among other things, compensatory and/or
recessionary damages associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On January 16, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
 On July 18, 2011, the Western and Southern Life Insurance Company and certain affiliated companies filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Court of Common Pleas in Ohio, styled  Western and Southern Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., et al . An amended complaint was filed on
April 2, 2012 and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of
the certificates allegedly sold to plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $153 million. On June 8, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  On September 2, 2011, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, as conservator for
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, filed 17 complaints against numerous financial services companies, including MS Co. and certain affiliates. A complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates and other defendants was filed in the Supreme
Court of NY, styled  Federal Housing Finance Agency, as Conservator v. Morgan Stanley et al . The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
of residential mortgage pass-through certificates with an original unpaid balance of approximately $11 billion. The complaint raised claims under federal and state securities laws and common law and sought, among other things, rescission and
compensatory and punitive damages. On February 7, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.  
 On April 25, 2012, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and certain affiliates filed a complaint against MS Co. and
certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012, and alleged that the defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten, and/or sold by
MS Co. was approximately $758 million. The amended complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, and aiding and abetting fraud and sought, among other things, rescission, compensatory, and/or rescissionary damages, as well
as punitive damages, associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On April 11, 2014, the parties entered into a settlement agreement.  
 On April 25, 2012, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain affiliates filed a complaint against MS Co.
and certain affiliates in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, styled  The Prudential Insurance Company of America, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  On October 16, 2012, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. The amended
complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total
amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. was approximately $1.073 billion. The amended complaint raised claims under the New Jersey Uniform Securities Law, as well as common law claims of negligent
misrepresentation, fraud, fraudulent inducement, equitable fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, and violations of the New Jersey Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, and included a claim for treble damages. On January 8, 2016, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.     In re Morgan Stanley Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates
Litigation , which had been pending in the SDNY, was a putative class action involving allegations that, among other things, the registration statements and offering documents related to the offerings of certain mortgage pass-through certificates
in 2006 and 2007 contained false and misleading information concerning the pools of residential loans that backed these securitizations. On December 18, 2014, the parties  agreement to settle the litigation received final court approval,
and on December 19, 2014, the court entered an order dismissing the action.   On November 4, 2011, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation, as receiver for Franklin Bank S.S.B, filed two complaints against MS Co. in the District Court of the State of Texas. Each was styled  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Franklin Bank, S.S.B v.
Morgan Stanley   Company LLC F/K/A Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc.  and alleged that MS Co. made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly underwritten and sold to plaintiff by MS Co. in these cases was approximately $67 million and $35 million, respectively. On July 2, 2015, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.    On February 14, 2013, Bank Hapoalim B.M. filed a complaint
against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Bank Hapoalim B.M. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  The complaint alleged that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of
certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $141
million. On July 28, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, and on August 12, 2015, the plaintiff filed a stipulation of discontinuance with prejudice.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

  On September 23, 2013, the plaintiff in  National Credit Union
Administration Board v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the SDNY. The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements of material fact or omitted to state
material facts in the sale to the plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates issued by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by
MS Co. to plaintiffs in the matter was approximately $417 million. The complaint alleged violations of federal and various state securities laws and sought, among other things, rescissionary and compensatory damages. On November 23, 2015,
the parties reached an agreement to settle the matter.    On September 16, 2014, the Virginia Attorney General s
Office filed a civil lawsuit, styled  Commonwealth of Virginia ex rel. Integra REC LLC v. Barclays Capital Inc., et al. , against MS Co. and several other defendants in the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond related to RMBS. The lawsuit
alleged that MS Co. and the other defendants knowingly made misrepresentations and omissions related to the loans backing RMBS purchased by the Virginia Retirement System. The complaint asserted claims under the Virginia Fraud Against Taxpayers
Act, as well as common law claims of actual and constructive fraud, and sought, among other things, treble damages and civil penalties. On January 6, 2016, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. An order dismissing the
action with prejudice was entered on January 28, 2016.    Additional lawsuits containing claims similar to those
described above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General Partner
believes do not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connections with such actions.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

Item  lA.    
  Risk Factors.       There have been no material changes to the risk factors
set forth under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and under Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in the Partnership s
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016.      

Item 2.  
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.       For the
three months ended September 30, 2016, there were no subscriptions for Class A Redeemable Units. Redeemable Units are issued in reliance upon applicable exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. Redeemable Units are purchased by accredited investors as defined in Regulation D. In determining the applicability of the exemption, the General Partner relies on the fact
that the Redeemable Units are purchased by accredited investors in a private offering.    Proceeds from the sale of
Redeemable Units are used in the trading of commodity interests including futures contracts, options, forward and swap contracts.  
 The following chart sets forth the purchases of limited partner Redeemable Units by the Partnership.  

*      Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem
their Redeemable Units as of the end of each month on three business days  notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner can compel redemption, although to date the General Partner has not exercised this right.
Purchases of Redeemable Units by the Partnership reflected in the chart above were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners.  
 **    Redemptions of Redeemable Units are effected as of the last day of each month at the net asset value per
Redeemable Unit as of that day. No fee will be charged for redemptions.      

Item 3.  
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities    None.           

Item 4.  
  Mine Safety Disclosures    Not Applicable.           

Item 5.  
  Other Information   None.     
      39  

Table of Contents  

Item 6.  
  Exhibits         

3.1(a)  
    
 Certificate of Limited Partnership dated June 30, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on April 30, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference).  

(b)  
    
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated September 21, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(a) to the General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on April 30, 2008 and incorporated herein by
reference).  

(c)  
    
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated September 19, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(c) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2009 and incorporated herein by
reference).  

(d)  
    
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated September 28, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).  

(e)  
    
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated June 29, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(e) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference).  

(f)  
    
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated September 2, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference).  

(g)  
    
 Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership dated August 7, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(g) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).  

3.2 (a)  
    
 Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement effective May 1, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).  

(b)  
    
 Amendment No. 1 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).  

10.1     
    
   Form of Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2012
and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.2     
    
   Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Morgan
Stanley Wealth Management effective October 1, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed on March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.3(a) 
    
   Amended and Restated Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Blackwater Capital Management, LLC
(filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Amendment No.1 to the Amended and Restated Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Blackwater
Capital Management, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.6(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(c) 
    
 Letter from the General Partner to Blackwater Capital Management, LLC extending the Management Agreement from June 30, 2015 to June 30, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.7(c) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016
and incorporated herein by reference).  
 
      40  

Table of Contents  

10.4(a) 
    
   Amended and Restated Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Willowbridge Associates Inc.
(filed as Exhibit 10.9(a) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Amendment to the Amended and Restated Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Willowbridge
Associates Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(c) 
    
   Letter from the General Partner to Willowbridge Associates Inc. extending the Management Agreement from June 30, 2015 to
June 30, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.10(c) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.5(a) 
    
   Amended and Restated Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and The Cambridge Strategy (Asset
Management) Limited (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Letter from the General Partner to The Cambridge Strategy (Asset Management) Limited extending the Management Agreement
from June 30, 2015 to June 30, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.12(b) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.6(a) 
    
   Escrow Agreement among the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New York (filed as
Exhibit 10.14(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Amendment No. 5 to Escrow Agreement among the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New York
(filed as Exhibit 10.14(b) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.7(a) 
    
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and SECOR Capital Advisors, LP (filed as Exhibit 10.1
to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and SECOR Capital Advisors, LP (filed as
Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(c) 
    
   Letter from the General Partner to SECOR Capital Advisors, LP. extending the Management Agreement from June 30, 2015
to June 30, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.13(c) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.8(a) 
    
   Amended and Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective August 21,
2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   U.S. Treasury Securities Purchase Authorization Agreement, between the Partnership and MS Co., effective June 1,
2015 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.   

10.9(a) 
    
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Centurion Investment Management, LLC (filed as
Exhibit 10.18 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Centurion Investment Management, LLC
(filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(c) 
    
   Letter from the General Partner to Centurion Investment Management, LLC extending the Management Agreement from
June 30, 2015 to June 30, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.17(c) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   
 
      41  

Table of Contents  

10.10 
    
 Amended and Restated Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Perella Weinberg Partners Capital Management LP (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2015 and
incorporated herein by reference).  

10.11 
    
   Amended and Restated Master Services Agreement by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and SS C Technologies,
Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.12 
    
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Harbour Square Capital Management LLC (filed as
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.13 
    
   Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Independent View BV (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference).   
   31.1   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of President and Director)
(filed herewith).    31.2   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer and
Director) (filed herewith).    32.1   Section 1350 Certification (Certification of President and Director) (filed
herewith).    32.2   Section 1350 Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director) (filed
herewith).    101.INS XBRL Instance Document.  
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  
 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      

EMERGING CTA PORTFOLIO L.P.    

By:  
   
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   

(General Partner)   

By:  
   
   /s/ Patrick T. Egan   

Patrick T. Egan   

President and Director   

Date: November 10, 2016   

By:  
   
   /s/ Steven Ross   

Steven Ross   

Chief Financial Officer and Director   
   Date: November 10, 2016  
      43  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d239082dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I,
Patrick T. Egan, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.         

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   

Patrick T. Egan   

Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d239082dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Steven
Ross, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P.;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.         

Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Steven Ross   

Steven Ross   

Ceres Managed Futures LLC   

Chief Financial Officer and Director   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d239082dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350,
as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.    

/s/ Patrick T. Egan   
 
 Patrick T. Egan  
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   President and
Director   
   Date: November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d239082dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Emerging CTA Portfolio L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven Ross, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
  1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and        

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership.    

/s/ Steven Ross   
 
   Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   
   Date: November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cta-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cta-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cta-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cta-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cta-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cta-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

