<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1645873_0001144204-16-134406_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3833782</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118317</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>244471</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>978916</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1615543</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>793279</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>49</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134406.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173939
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134406
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001645873
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				474156046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-205684
		FILM NUMBER:		161996458

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3080 BRISTOL STREET, SUITE 550
		CITY:			COSTA MESA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92626
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-499-3626

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3080 BRISTOL STREET, SUITE 550
		CITY:			COSTA MESA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92626

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rich Uncles REIT, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150623

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rich Uncles Reit, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150622

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134406.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452836_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)   

x   
       QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016    

OR    

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

For the transition period from____________to__________    

Commission file number: 333-205684  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(855) 742-4862  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES       NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any,
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes      No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer        

Non-accelerated filer      
       
      Smaller reporting company    x   
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES      
NO          

As of November 10, 2016 there were 1,327,759 shares of
Common Stock outstanding. 

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

FORM 10-Q  

SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

INDEX   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. Financial Statements  

Rich Uncles NNN REIT,
Inc.  

  Consolidated Balance
Sheets  

See accompanying condensed notes to the consolidated financial
statements  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

Rich Uncles NNN REIT,
Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements
of Operations  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying condensed notes to the consolidated financial
statements  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity  

 For the Period May 14, 2015 to December
31, 2015 and the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) 

See accompanying condensed notes to the consolidated financial
statements  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

Rich Uncles NNN REIT,
Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying condensed notes to the consolidated financial
statements  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

NOTE 1. BUSINESS AND ORGANIZATION  

Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated
on May 14, 2015 as a Maryland corporation that expects to elect to qualify as a real estate investment trust ( REIT )
for the year ending December 31, 2016. The Company was originally incorporated under the name Rich Uncles Real Estate Investment
Trust, Inc., but amended its name on October 19, 2015 to Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc. The Company has the authority to issue 250,000,000
shares of stock, consisting of 200,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and 50,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, $0.001 par value per share. The Company sells its shares directly to investors at a purchase price of $10.00 per share.
The minimum investment in shares is $500. The Company was formed to primarily invest, directly or indirectly through investments
in real estate owning entities, in single-tenant income-producing corporate properties located in the United States, which are
leased to creditworthy tenants under long-term net leases. The Company s goal is to generate current income for investors
and long-term capital appreciation in the value of its properties. 

The Company will hold its investments through special purpose
wholly owned limited liability companies or through Rich Uncles NNN Operating Partnership L.P., a Delaware limited partnership
(the  Operating Partnership ). The Operating Partnership was formed on January 28, 2016. The Company is the sole general
partner of, and owns a 99% partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. Rich Uncles NNN LP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company formed on May 13, 2016, owns the remaining 1% partnership interest in the Operating Partnership and is the sole limited
partner. Rich Uncles NNN LP, LLC is wholly owned by the Company. 

The Company is externally managed by its advisor, Rich Uncles
NNN REIT Operator, LLC (the  Advisor ), a Delaware limited liability company wholly owned by the Company s sponsor,
Rich Uncles, LLC (the  Sponsor ), a Delaware limited liability company whose members include Harold Hofer, Howard Makler,
and Ray Wirta. On June 24, 2015 and December 31, 2015, the Company issued 10,000 shares of its common stock to the Sponsor, respectively,
at a purchase price of $10.00 per share. 

On July 15, 2015, the Company filed a registration statement
on Form S-11 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) to register an initial public offering of its
common stock to offer a maximum of $900,000,000 in shares of common stock for sale to the public (the  Primary Offering ).
The Company also registered a maximum of $100,000,000 of common stock pursuant to the Company s distribution reinvestment
plan (the  DRP Offering  and, together with the Primary Offering, the  Offering ). The SEC declared the
Company s registration statement effective on June 1, 2016. 

On July 20, 2016, the Company began offering shares to the public
and through September 30, 2016, the Company had sold 616,871 shares of common stock in the Offering, for aggregate gross offering
proceeds of $6,168,708, including 723 shares of common stock sold under its distribution reinvestment plan for aggregate gross
offering proceeds of $7,226. 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation   

The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
for interim financial information as contained in the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ), and in conjunction with rules and regulations of the SEC, including the instructions to Form
10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, the unaudited consolidated financial statements do not include all of the information
and footnotes required by GAAP for audited financial statements. In the opinion of management, the unaudited consolidated financial
statements reflect all adjustments which are of a normal and recurring nature, necessary for a fair and consistent presentation
of the results for the interim period presented. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
the Company, the Operating Partnership, and directly wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions
are eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements and
the accompanying notes thereto in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased
with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents may include cash and short-term investments.
Cash and cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company s cash and cash equivalents balance
may exceed federally insurable limits. The Company intends to mitigate this risk by depositing funds with major financial institutions;
however, these cash balances could be impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail or are subject to other adverse conditions
in the financial markets. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

Restricted Cash  

Restricted cash is comprised of funds which are held in escrow
or are otherwise restricted for use as required by certain lenders conjunction with an acquisition or debt financing. As of September
30, 2016, the Company had restricted cash in the amount of $390,672, which is held by a lender and expected to be released pursuant
to the requirements of the loan agreement. 

Real Estate   

Real Estate Acquisition Valuation  

The Company records the acquisition of income-producing real
estate with one or more leases in place at time of acquisition or which otherwise meets the definition of a business as a business
combination. If the acquisition does not meet the definition of a business, the Company records the acquisition as an asset acquisition.
Under both methods, all assets acquired and liabilities assumed are measured at their acquisition-date fair values. Transaction
costs that are related to a business combination are charged to expense as incurred. Transaction costs that are related to an asset
acquisition are capitalized as incurred. 

The Company assesses the acquisition date fair values of all
tangible assets, identifiable intangibles, and assumed liabilities using methods similar to those used by independent appraisers,
generally utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis that applies appropriate discount and/or capitalization rates and available
market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors, including historical operating results, known
and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions. The fair value of tangible assets of an acquired property considers
the value of the property as if it were vacant. 

The Company records above-market and below-market in-place lease
values for acquired properties based on the present value (using a discount rate that reflects the risks associated with the leases
acquired) of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases and (ii) management s
estimate of fair market lease rates for the corresponding in-place leases, measured over a period equal to the remaining noncancelable
term of above-market in-place leases and for the initial term plus any extended term for any leases with below-market renewal options.
The Company amortizes any recorded above-market or below-market lease values as a reduction or increase, respectively, to rental
income over the remaining noncancelable terms of the respective lease, including any below-market renewal periods. 

The Company estimates the value of tenant origination and absorption
costs by considering the estimated carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods, considering current market conditions.
In estimating carrying costs, the Company includes real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost
rentals at market rates during the expected lease up periods. 

The Company amortizes the value of tenant origination and absorption
costs to depreciation and amortization expense over the remaining noncancelable term of the respective lease. 

Estimates of the fair values of the tangible assets, identifiable
intangibles and assumed liabilities require the Company to make significant assumptions to estimate market lease rates, property-operating
expenses, carrying costs during lease-up periods, discount rates, market absorption periods, and the number of years the property
will be held for investment. The use of inappropriate assumptions would result in an incorrect valuation of the Company s
acquired tangible assets, identifiable intangibles and assumed liabilities, which would impact the amount of the Company s
net income (loss). 

Depreciation and Amortization  

Real estate costs related to the acquisition and improvement
of properties are capitalized and amortized over the expected useful life of the asset on a straight-line basis. Repair and maintenance
costs include all costs that do not extend the useful life of the real estate asset and are expensed as incurred. Significant replacements
and betterments are capitalized. The Company anticipates the estimated useful lives of its assets by class to be generally as follows: 

Buildings  
      35-40 years   

Site improvements  
      Shorter of 15 years or remaining contractual lease term   

Tenant improvements  
      Shorter of 15 years or remaining contractual lease term   

Tenant origination and absorption costs  
      Remaining contractual lease term with consideration as to below-market extension options for below-market leases   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

Impairment of Real Estate and Related Intangible Assets  

The Company continually monitors events and changes in circumstances
that could indicate that the carrying amounts of real estate and related intangible assets may not be recoverable. When indicators
of potential impairment are present that indicate that the carrying amounts of real estate and related intangible assets may not
be recoverable, management assesses whether the carrying value of the assets will be recovered through the future undiscounted
operating cash flows expected from the use of and eventual disposition of the property. If, based on the analysis, the Company
does not believe that it will be able to recover the carrying value of the asset, the Company will record an impairment charge
to the extent the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. As of September 30, 2016, the Company did not record
any impairment charges related to its real estate assets or intangible assets. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company recognizes rental income from tenants under operating
leases on a straight-line basis over the noncancelable term of the lease when collectibility of such amounts is reasonable assured.
Recognition of rental income on a straight-line basis includes the effects of rental abatements, lease incentives and fixed and
determinable increases in lease payments over the lease term. If the lease provides for tenant improvements, we determine whether
the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, are owned by the tenant or by us. When we are the owner of the tenant improvements,
the tenant is not considered to have taken physical possession or have control of the physical use of the leased asset until the
tenant improvements are substantially completed. When the tenant is the owner of the tenant improvements, any tenant improvement
allowance (including amounts that the tenant can take in the form of cash or a credit against its rent) that is funded is treated
as a lease incentive and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the lease term. Tenant improvement ownership is determined based
on various factors including, but not limited to: 

whether the lease stipulates how a tenant improvement allowance may be spent;   

whether the amount of a tenant improvement allowance is in excess of market rates;   

whether the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements at the end of the lease term;   

whether the tenant improvements are unique to the tenant or general-purpose in nature; and   

whether the tenant improvements are expected to have any residual value at the end of the lease.   

Tenant reimbursements of real estate taxes, insurance, repairs
and maintenance, and other operating expenses are recognized as revenue in the period the expense are incurred and presented gross
if the Company is the primary obligor and, with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, has discretion
in selecting the supplier and bears the associated credit risk. 

The Company evaluates the collectibility of rents and other
receivables on a regular basis based on factors including, among others, payment history, the operations, the asset type and current
economic conditions. If the Company s evaluation of these factors indicates it may not recover the full value of the receivable,
it provides a reserve against the portion of the receivable that it estimates may not be recovered. This analysis requires the
Company to determine whether there are factors indicating a receivable may not be fully collectible and to estimate the amount
of the receivable that may not be collected. 

Deferred Financing Costs   

Deferred financing costs represent commitment fees, loan fees,
legal fees and other third-party costs associated with obtaining financing and are presented on the balance sheet as a direct deduction
from the carrying value of the associated debt liability. These costs are amortized to interest expense over the terms of the respective
financing agreements using the interest method. Unamortized deferred financing costs are generally expensed when the associated
debt is refinanced or repaid before maturity unless specific rules are met that would allow for the carryover of such costs. Costs
incurred in seeking financing transactions that do not close are expensed in the period in which it is determined that the financing
will not close. Unamortized deferred financing costs related to revolving credit facilities are reclassified to presentation as
an asset in periods where there are no outstanding borrowings under the facility. 

Unconsolidated Investments   

The Company accounts for investments that do not have a readily
determinable fair value and over which the Company does not have the ability to exercise significant influence and has virtually
no influence over operating and financial policies using the cost method of accounting.  Under the cost method of accounting,
dividends from the investments are recognized as dividend income when received to the extent they represent net accumulated earnings
of the investee since the initial recognition of the investment. Dividends received in excess of net accumulated earnings are recognized
as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment as such dividends represent a return of investment. Cost method investments
are evaluated on a quarterly basis to determine whether there are declines in fair value of the cost method investment which are
determined to be other-than-temporary. Other-than-temporary declines in fair value are recognized as impairment charges through
earnings. 

The Company accounts for investments in entities over which
it has the ability to exercise significant influence under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting,
an investment is initially recognized at cost and is subsequently adjusted to reflect the Company s share of earnings or
losses of the investee. The investment is also increased for additional amounts invested and decreased for any distributions received
from the investee. Equity method investments are reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the investment might not be recoverable. If an equity method investment is determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired,
the investment is reduced to fair value and an impairment charge is recorded through earnings. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

Under GAAP, the Company is required to measure certain financial
statements at fair value on a recurring basis. In addition, the Company is required to measure other non-financial and financial
assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis (e.g., carrying value of impaired long-lived assets). Fair value is defined as the
price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. The GAAP fair value framework uses a three-tiered approach. Fair value measurements are classified
and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level 1: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are
accessible at the measurement date for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2: quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets,
quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-derived valuations in which significant
inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets; and 

Level 3: prices or valuation techniques where little or no market
data is available that requires inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 

When available, the Company utilizes quoted market prices from
independent third-party sources to determine fair value and classifies such items in Level 1 or Level 2. In instances
where the market for a financial instrument is not active, regardless of the availability of a nonbinding quoted market price,
observable inputs might not be relevant and could require the Company to make a significant adjustment to derive a fair value measurement.
Additionally, in an inactive market, a market price quoted from an independent third party may rely more on models with inputs
based on information available only to that independent third party. When the Company determines the market for a financial instrument
owned by the Company to be illiquid or when market transactions for similar instruments do not appear orderly, the Company uses
several valuation sources (including internal or external valuations, discounted cash flow analysis and quoted market prices) and
establishes a fair value by assigning weights to the various valuation sources. Additionally, when determining the fair value of
liabilities in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for an identical liability is not available, the Company
measures fair value using (i) a valuation technique that uses the quoted price of the identical liability when traded as an
asset or quoted prices for similar liabilities or similar liabilities when traded as assets or (ii) another valuation technique
that is consistent with the principles of fair value measurement, such as the income approach or the market approach. 

Changes in assumptions or estimation methodologies can have
a material effect on these estimated fair values. In this regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison
to independent markets and, in many cases, may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument. 

The Company considers the following factors to be indicators
of an inactive market: (i) there are few recent transactions, (ii) price quotations are not based on current information,
(iii) price quotations vary substantially either over time or among market makers (for example, some brokered markets), (iv) indexes
that previously were highly correlated with the fair values of the asset or liability are demonstrably uncorrelated with recent
indications of fair value for that asset or liability, (v) there is a significant increase in implied liquidity risk premiums,
yields, or performance indicators (such as delinquency rates or loss severities) for observed transactions or quoted prices when
compared with the Company s estimate of expected cash flows, considering all available market data about credit and other
nonperformance risk for the asset or liability, (vi) there is a wide bid-ask spread or significant increase in the bid-ask
spread, (vii) there is a significant decline or absence of a market for new issuances (that is, a primary market) for the
asset or liability or similar assets or liabilities, and (viii) little information is released publicly (for example, a principal-to-principal
market). 

The Company considers the following factors to be indicators
of non-orderly transactions: (i) there was not adequate exposure to the market for a period before the measurement date to
allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets or liabilities under current
market conditions, (ii) there was a usual and customary marketing period, but the seller marketed the asset or liability to
a single market participant, (iii) the seller is in or near bankruptcy or receivership (that is, distressed), or the seller
was required to sell to meet regulatory or legal requirements (that is, forced), and (iv) the transaction price is an
outlier when compared with other recent transactions for the same or similar assets or liabilities. 

Distributions   

The Company intends to elect to be treated as a REIT beginning
with the taxable year ending December 31, 2016. In order to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, the Company must
distribute at least 90% of its taxable income (excluding capital gains) to its shareholders and meet certain other requirements.
The Company intends, although is not legally obligated, to continue to make regular quarterly distributions to holders of its shares
at least at the level required to maintain REIT status unless the results of operations, general financial condition, general economic
conditions or other factors inhibits the Company from doing so. Distributions are authorized at the discretion of the Company s
board of directors, which is directed, in substantial part, by its obligation to cause the Company to comply with the REIT requirements
of the Internal Revenue Code. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

Declaration of Distributions 

The Company intends to make monthly distributions payable on
the 10  th  day of the following month. Should the 10  th  day fall on a weekend, dividends are expected to be
paid on the first business day thereafter. 

Distribution Reinvestment Plan   

The Company has adopted a distribution reinvestment plan ( DRP )
through which common stockholders may elect to reinvest any amount up to the distributions declared on their shares in additional
shares of the Company s common stock in lieu of receiving cash distributions. Participants in the dividend reinvestment plan
will acquire common stock at a price per share equal to the price to acquire a share of common stock in the Primary Offering. The
initial price per share in the Offering, and as of the date of these financial statements, is $10.00 per share. The price may be
adjusted during the course of the Offering on an annual basis to equal the estimated Net Asset Value ( NAV ) per share
commencing January 1, 2017. 

Redeemable Common Stock   

The Company has adopted a share repurchase program ( SRP )
that enables stockholders to sell their stock to the Company in limited circumstances. The share repurchase price at any given
time will equal the most recently published NAV (and if none, then $10.00 per share) less an administrative charge of 3% of the
share repurchase price proceeds if the shares are owned for less than one year, 2% if the shares are owned less than two years
but greater than one year, and 1% if the shares are owned for less than three years but greater than two years. There is no administrative
charge for shares held at least three years. 

Stockholders who wish to avail themselves of the SRP must notify
the Company by three business days before the end of the month for their shares to be repurchased by the third business day of
the following month. The share repurchase program provides that share repurchases may be funded by (a) distribution reinvestment
proceeds, (b) the prior or future sale of shares, (c) indebtedness, including a line of credit and traditional mortgage financing,
and (d) asset sales. 

Shares will be repurchased if, in the opinion of the Advisor,
there are sufficient reserves with which to repurchase shares and at the same time maintain the then-current plan of operation.
The board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program upon 30 days  notice to stockholders, provided that
the Company may increase the funding available for the repurchase of shares pursuant to the share repurchase program upon ten business
days  notice to the stockholders. 

To the extent the board of directors determines that there is
sufficient available cash for redemption, the shares will be repurchased subject to the limit that, during any 12-month period,
redemptions will not exceed 5% of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the prior 12 months. 

As of September 30, 2016, 851 shares were tendered for redemption
to the Company, which were repurchased on October 3, 2016 for $8,315. 

Income Taxes   

The Company intends to elect to be taxed as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and intends to operate as such beginning with its taxable year ended December 31, 2016.
The Company expects to have little or no taxable income prior to electing REIT status. To qualify as a REIT, the Company must meet
certain organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement to distribute at least 90% of the Company s
annual REIT taxable income to its stockholders (which is computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital
gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). As a REIT, the Company generally will
not be subject to federal income tax to the extent it distributes qualifying dividends to its stockholders. If the Company fails
to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate income
tax rates and generally will not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for the four taxable
years following the year during which qualification is lost unless the Internal Revenue Service grants the Company relief under
certain statutory provisions. Such an event could materially and adversely affect the Company s net income and net cash available
for distribution to stockholders. However, the Company intends to organize and operate in such a manner as to qualify for treatment
as a REIT. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

Segment Disclosures   

The Company has invested in single-tenant income-producing corporate
properties. The Company s real estate properties exhibit similar long-term financial performance and have similar economic
characteristics to each other. As of September 30, 2016, the Company aggregated its investments in real estate into one reportable
segment. 

Per Share Data   

Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income
(loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share of common stock
equals basic earnings per share of common stock as there were no potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Unaudited Data   

Any references to the number of buildings, square footage, number
of leases, occupancy, and any amounts derived from these values in the notes to the consolidated financial statements are presented
on an unaudited basis. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standard Update ( ASU )
No. 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30)  ( ASU 2015-03 ). The amendments in ASU
2015-03 require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction
from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. Given the absence of authoritative guidance within
ASU No. 2015-03 for debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements, in August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15, 
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30), Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated
with Line-of-Credit Arrangements   ( ASU 2015-15 ), which clarifies ASU 2015-03 by stating that the staff of
the SEC would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the
deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding
borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. ASU 2015-03 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2015 and is to be applied retrospectively. On January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU 2015-03 and it did not
have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation
(Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02 ), which amended the existing accounting standards
for consolidation under both the variable interest model and the voting model. ASU No. 2015-02 modifies the evaluation of whether
limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities ( VIEs ) or voting interest entities,
eliminates the presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership and affects the consolidation analysis
of reporting entities that are involved with VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships.
ASU No. 2015-02 is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15,
2015. Early adoption is permitted. A reporting entity may apply the amendments in ASU No. 2015-02 using: (a) a modified retrospective
approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption; or (b) by applying
the amendments retrospectively. On January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU 2015-02 and it did not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  ( ASU 2014-09 ). ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize the
revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which
the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services.  ASU 2014-09 supersedes the revenue requirements
in  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)  and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. 
ASU 2014-09 does not apply to lease contracts within the scope of  Leases (Topic 840).   ASU 2014-09 was to be effective
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, and is to be applied retrospectively,
with early application not permitted.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  ( ASU 2015-14 ), which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09
by one year. Early adoption is permitted but not before the original effective date. The Company is still evaluating the impact
of adopting ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation
of Financial Statements (Subtopic 205-40) ,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ). The amendments in ASU 2014-15 require management to evaluate, for each
annual and interim reporting period, whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial
doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements
are issued (or are available to be issued when applicable) and, if so, provide related disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for
annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early
adoption is permitted for annual or interim reporting periods for which the financial statements have not previously been issued.
The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-15 to have a significant impact on its financial statements. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases
(Topic 842)  ( ASU 2016-02 ). The amendments in ASU 2016-02 change the existing accounting standards for lease
accounting, including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor
accounting. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. Early adoption of ASU 2016-02 as of its issuance is permitted. The new leases standard requires a modified retrospective
transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date of initial application, with an option to use certain
transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new leases standard on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ), which clarifies
how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 addresses certain
issues where diversity in practice was identified. It amends existing guidance, which is principles based and often requires judgment
to determine the appropriate classification of cash flows as operating, investing or financing activities. In addition, ASU 2016-15
clarifies how the predominance principle should be applied when cash receipts and cash payments have aspects of more than one class
of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective during the first quarter of 2018, and will generally require a retrospective approach.
Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe that the adoption of ASU 2016-15 will have a material effect on its consolidated
financial statements. 

NOTE 3. REAL ESTATE  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s real estate portfolio
consisted of two properties in two states consisting of retail and office properties. The following table provides summary information
regarding the Company s real estate as of September 30, 2016: 

Current Period Acquisitions  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
acquired the following properties: 

The intangible assets acquired in connection with these acquisitions
have a weighted average amortization period as of the date of the acquisition of approximately five years. The purchase price accounting
reflected in the accompanying financial statements is preliminary and is based upon estimates and assumptions that are subject
to change within the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date pursuant to ASC 805) that may impact the fair
value of the assets and liabilities above (including real estate investments, other assets and accrued liabilities). 

The Company recorded both acquisitions as business combinations
and expensed $0 and $547,149 of acquisition costs related to the acquisition of these properties for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized $359,544
and $401,009 of total revenues related to these properties. 

Operating Leases  

The Company s real estate properties are leased to tenants
under triple-net leases for which terms and expirations vary. The Company monitors the credit of all tenants to stay abreast of
any material changes in credit quality. The Company monitors tenant credit by (1) reviewing the credit ratings of tenants (or their
parent companies or lease guarantors) that are rated by national recognized rating agencies; (2) reviewing financial statements
and related metrics and information that are publicly available or that are required to be provided pursuant to the lease; (3)
monitoring new reports and press releases regarding the tenants (or their parent companies or lease guarantors), and their underlying
business and industry; and (4) monitoring the timeliness of rent collections. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

As of September 30, 2016, each of the Company s tenants
is considered to be a major tenant concentration. The Company s real estate properties are leased to Accredo Health Group,
Inc. ( Accredo ) and Walgreen Company ( Walgreens ). The obligations under these two leases are guaranteed
by Express Scripts Holding Company for Accredo and Walgreens Boots Alliance for Walgreens. Accredo and Walgreens each lease one
of the Company s real estate properties, which are located in Florida and Georgia, respectively. 

Express Scripts Holding Company s financial statements
can be found at  http://www.express-scripts.com  . (NASDAQ: ESRX) 

Walgreens Boots Alliance s financial statements can be
found at  http://www.walgreensbootsalliance.com  . (NASDAQ: WBA) 

The future minimum contractual rent payments are shown in the
table below. Both leases on the two properties owned by the Company expire in 2021. 

Intangibles  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s intangibles were
as follows: 

The intangible assets are amortized over the respective lease
terms, which was approximately five years as of September 30, 2016. Amortization of intangible assets over the next five years
is expected to be as follows: 

Decreases in net income (loss) as a result of amortization of
the Company s tenant origination and absorption costs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $91,760
and $106,419, respectively. Decreases in net income (loss) as a result of amortization of the Company s above-market lease
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $8,331 and $9,720, respectively. 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENTS  

Investment in Rich Uncles REIT I   

On June 28, 2016, the Company invested $2,000,000 for 200,000
shares in Rich Uncles Real Estate Investment Trust I ( Rich Uncles REIT I ), an affiliate of the Sponsor. As of September
30, 2016, the Company s investment which represents approximately 2.4% ownership interest in Rich Uncles REIT I. The Company
has the ability to exercise significant influence over the operations, financial policies and decision making of Rich Uncles REIT
I, as the Sponsor and the board members are the same for both Rich Uncles REIT I and the Company. In addition, as there is no public
market to sell shares for Rich Uncles REIT I, this investment is considered to not have a readily determinable fair value. Accordingly,
the Company has accounted for its investment in Rich Uncles REIT I under the equity method of accounting. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company did not identify any indicators of impairment related to its investment in Rich Uncles REIT I. 

As of September 30, 2016, the book value of the Company s
investment in Rich Uncles REIT I was $1,995,700. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized
$4,300 of loss with respect to this investment. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

NOTE 5. DEBT  

Mortgage Notes Payable   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s mortgage notes
payable consisted of the following: 

Unsecured Credit Facility   

On June 7, 2016, the Company, through the Operating Partnership,
entered into a credit agreement (the  Unsecured Credit Agreement ) with Pacific Mercantile Bank. Pursuant to the Unsecured
Credit Agreement, the Company was provided with a $12,000,000 unsecured credit facility with an interest rate equal to 1% over
an independent index which is the highest rate on corporate loans, which had posted by at least 75% of the USA s thirty (30)
largest banks known as The Wall Street Journal Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal (the  Index ), which
had an initial rate of 4.5%. Payments under the Unsecured Credit facility are interest only and are due on the 15  th 
day of each month. The Unsecured Credit facility matures June 15, 2017. The Company drew $11,000,000 on the Unsecured Facility
in June 2016. As of September 30, 2016, in connection with the Unsecured Credit Agreement, the Company incurred $2,547 of deferred
financing costs, of which $792 was being amortized as a component of interest expense over the term of the agreement. As of September
30, 3016, there was $6,963,500 outstanding under the Unsecured Credit Facility. 

Pursuant to the terms of the mortgage note payable and the Unsecured
Credit Facility, the Company and/or the Operating Partnership is subject to certain financial loan covenants. The Company was in
compliance with all of its financial debt covenants as of September 30, 2016. 

The following summarizes the future principal repayment of the
Company s mortgage notes payable and Unsecured Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016: 

During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company incurred $174,271 and $214,921 of interest expense, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, $11,957 of interest expense
was payable. Included in interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $9,452 and $10,637 of amortization
of deferred financing costs, respectively. 

NOTE 6. FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES  

The fair value for certain financial instruments is derived
using valuation techniques that involve significant management judgment. The price transparency of financial instruments is a key
determinant of the degree of judgment involved in determining the fair value of the Company s financial instruments. Financial
instruments for which actively quoted prices or pricing parameters are available and for which markets contain orderly transactions
will generally have a higher degree of price transparency than financial instruments for which markets are inactive or consist
of non-orderly trades. The Company evaluates several factors when determining if a market is inactive or when market transactions
are not orderly. The following is a summary of the methods and assumptions used by management in estimating the fair value of each
class of financial instrument for which it is practicable to estimate the fair value: 

Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, and accounts
payable and accrued liabilities:   These balances approximate their fair values due to the short maturities of these items. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

Unsecured credit facility : The fair value of the Company s
unsecured credit facility approximates its carrying value as the interest rates are variable and the balances approximate their
fair values due to the short maturities of this facility. 

Mortgage note payable:   The fair value of the Company s
mortgage note payable is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on management s estimates of current market
interest rates for instruments with similar characteristics, including remaining loan term, loan-to-value ratio, type of collateral
and other credit enhancements. Additionally, when determining the fair value of liabilities in circumstances in which a quoted
price in an active market for an identical liability is not available, the Company measures fair value using (i) a valuation technique
that uses the quoted price of the identical liability when traded as an asset or quoted prices for similar liabilities or similar
liabilities when traded as assets or (ii) another valuation technique that is consistent with the principles of fair value measurement,
such as the income approach or the market approach. The Company classifies these inputs as Level 3 inputs. 

The following were the face value, carrying amount and fair
value of the Company s mortgage note payable as of September 30, 2016: 

Disclosures of the fair values of financial instruments is based
on pertinent information available to the Company as of the period end and requires a significant amount of judgment. The actual
value could be materially different from the Company s estimate of value. 

NOTE 7. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The Company has entered into an Advisory Agreement with the
Advisor. This agreement entitles the Advisor to specified fees upon the provision of certain services with regard to the investment
of funds in real estate investments, the management of those investments, among other services, and the disposition of investments,
as well as entitles the Advisor to reimbursement of organization and offering costs incurred by the Advisor or Sponsor on behalf
of the Company, such as expenses related to the Offering, and certain costs incurred by the Advisor or Sponsor in providing services
to the Company. In addition, the Advisor is entitled to certain other fees, including an incentive fee upon achieving certain performance
goals, as detailed in the Advisory Agreement. The Sponsor also serves as the sponsor for Rich Uncles REIT I. During the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, no other business transactions occurred between the Company and Rich Uncles REIT I, other
than described below and in Note 4. 

Pursuant to the terms of these agreements, summarized below
are the related party costs incurred by the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, for the three months
ended September 30, 2015, and for the period May 14, 2015 to September 30, 2015: 

(1)  
      The Sponsor advanced $1,000 to the Company related to the opening of a bank account, which is reflected in  Due to affiliates  on the consolidated balance sheet.   
 
      (2)  
      As of September 30, 2016, the Sponsor had incurred $1,160,923 of organizational and offering costs on behalf of the Company. However, the Company is only obligated to reimburse the Sponsor for such organizational and offering expenses to the extent of 3% of gross offering proceeds. The payable related to this obligation is reflected in  Due to affiliates  on the consolidated balance sheets.   
 
      (3)  
      The Company  records payroll costs related
    to Company employees that answer questions from prospective shareholders. The Sponsor has agreed to reimburse the Company
    for     these investor relations payroll costs which the Sponsor considers to be offering expenses in accordance with the
    Advisory     Agreement.    
 
      (4)  
      To the extent the Advisor elects, in its sole discretion to defer and waive a portion of the monthly asset management fee, the Advisor may waive up to an amount equal to 0.025% of the total investment value of the Company s assets.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Advisor waived $11,798 of asset management fees, which are not subject to future recoupment by the Advisor.   

As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company had net amounts of $8,649 and $7,000 due to the Sponsor and/or its affiliates, respectively. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

Organization and Offering Costs   

During the Offering, pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the
Company is obligated to reimburse the Sponsor or its affiliates for organization and offering costs (as defined by the Sponsor)
paid by the Sponsor on behalf of the Company. The Company will reimburse the Sponsor for organizational and offering expenses
up to 3.0% of gross offering proceeds. The Sponsor and affiliates will be responsible for any organization and offering costs
related to the Offering to the extent they exceed 3.0% of gross offering proceeds from the Offering. As of September 30, 2016,
the Sponsor has incurred organization and offering expenses in excess of 3.0% of the gross offering proceeds received by the Company.
To the extent the Company has more gross offering proceeds from future shareholders, the Company will be obligated to reimburse
the Sponsor. As the amount of future gross offering proceeds is uncertain, the amount the Company is obligated to reimburse to
the Sponsor is uncertain. Through September 30, 2016, the Sponsor and its affiliates had incurred organization and offering costs
on the Company s behalf in connection with the Offering of $1,160,923. Through September 30, 2016, the Company
reimbursed the Sponsor $187,101 in organization and offering costs, which represented the Company s maximum liability
for organization and offering costs through September 30, 2016. 

Investor relations payroll expense reimbursement from
Sponsor   

The Company has investor personnel that answer
potential investor inquiries regarding the Company and/or its prospectus. The payroll expense associated with the investor
relations personnel is reimbursed by the Sponsor. The Sponsor considers these payroll costs to be offering expenses. The
total amount of such payroll reimbursements were $434,332 and $434,322 for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively. 

Acquisition Fees   

The Company shall pay the Advisor a fee in the amount equal
3.0% of Company s Contract Purchase Price of its Properties, as Acquisition Fees. The total of all Acquisition Fees and Acquisition
Expenses shall be reasonable, and shall not exceed 6.0% of the contract price of the property.  However, a majority of
the directors (including a majority of the independent directors) not otherwise interested in the transaction may approve fees
in excess of these limits if they determine the transaction to be commercially competitive, fair and reasonable to the Company. 

Asset Management Fee   

The Company shall pay to the Advisor as compensation for the
advisory services rendered to the Company, a monthly fee in an amount equal to 0.1% of the Company s Average Invested Assets,
as defined in the Prospectus and Advisory Agreement (the  Asset Management Fee ), as of the end of the preceding month.
The Asset Management Fee shall be payable monthly on the last day of such month, or the first business day following the last day
of such month. The Asset Management Fee, which must be reasonable in the determination of the Company s Independent Directors
at least annually, may or may not be taken, in whole or in part as to any year, in the sole discretion of the Advisor. All or any
portion of the Asset Management Fee not paid as to any fiscal year shall be deferred without interest and may be paid in such other
fiscal year as the Advisor shall determine. 

Additionally, to the extent the Advisor elects, in its sole
discretion, to defer all or any portion of its monthly asset management fee (which is payable in the amount equal to 0.1% of the
total investment value of the Company s assets), the Advisor will be deemed to have waived, not deferred, that portion of
its monthly asset management fee that is up to 0.025% of the total investment value of the Company s assets. The total amount
of asset management fees waived for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $11,798 and $11,798, respectively. 

Financing Coordination Fee   

Other than with respect to any mortgage or other financing related
to a property concurrent with its acquisition, if an Advisor or an Affiliate provides a substantial amount of the services (as
determined by a majority of the Independent Directors) in connection with the post-acquisition financing or refinancing of any
debt that the Company obtains relative to a Property, then the Company shall pay to the Advisor or such Affiliate a financing coordination
fee equal to 1.0% of the amount of such financing. 

Property Management Fees   

If an Advisor or an Affiliate provides a substantial amount
of the property management services (as determined by a majority of the Independent Directors) for the Company s Properties,
then Company shall pay to the Advisor or such Affiliate a property management fee equal to 1.5% of gross revenues from the properties
managed. The Company also will reimburse the Advisor and any of its Affiliates for property-level expenses that such Person
pays or incurs on behalf of the Company, including salaries, bonuses and benefits of Persons employed by such Person, except for
the salaries, bonuses and benefits of Persons who also serve as one of the Company s executive officers or as an executive
officer of such Person. The Advisor or its Affiliate may subcontract the performance of its property management duties to third
parties and pay all or a portion of its property management fee to the third parties with whom it contracts for these services. 

Disposition Fees   

For substantial assistance in connection with the sale of Properties,
the Company shall pay to its Advisor or one of its Affiliates 3.0% of the Contract Sales Price of each Property sold; provided,
however, that if, in connection with such disposition, commissions are paid to third parties unaffiliated with our advisor or its
affiliates, the disposition fees paid to our advisor, our sponsors, their affiliates and unaffiliated third parties may not exceed
the lesser of the Competitive Real Estate Commission or 6% of the Contract Sales Price. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

Leasing Commission Fees   

If an Advisor or an Affiliate provides a substantial amount
of the services (as determined by a majority of the Independent Directors) in connection with the Company s leasing of a
Property or Properties to unaffiliated third parties, then the Company shall pay to the Advisor or such Affiliate leasing commissions
equal to 6.0% of the rents due pursuant to such lease for the first ten years of the lease term; provided, however (i) if the term
of the lease is less than ten years, such commission percentage will apply to the full term of the lease and (ii) any rents due
under a renewal of a lease of an existing tenant upon expiration of the initial lease agreement (including any extensions provided
for thereunder) shall accrue a commission of 3.0% in lieu of the aforementioned 6.0% commission. 

Operating Expenses   

Unless its trust managers make a finding, based on non-recurring
and unusual factors which they deem sufficient, that a higher level of expenses is justified for a period, the Company will reimburse
the Advisor s costs of providing administrative services, subject to the limitation that the Company will not reimburse the
Advisor for any amount by which its operating expenses (including the asset management fee) at the end of the four preceding fiscal
quarters exceeds the greater of (i) 2% of average invested assets and (ii) 25% of net income other than any additions to reserves
for depreciation, bad debt or other similar noncash reserves and excluding any gain from the sale of assets for that period. In
the event that annual operating expenses exceed these limits as of the end of any fiscal quarter (for the 12 months then ended)
the board of directors must within 60 days after the end of such quarter inform the shareholders of the factors the board of directors
considered in arriving at the conclusion that such higher operating expenses were justified. If the board of directors do not determine
the higher expenses were justified for the period, they must cause the Advisor to reimburse the Company to the extent these limitations
were exceeded. Additionally, the Company will not reimburse the Advisor for personnel costs in connection with services for which
the Advisor receives acquisition fees or disposition fees. 

Subordinated Participation Fee   

The Company shall pay to the Advisor or one of its affiliates
a subordinated participation fee calculated as of December 31 of each year and paid (if at all) in the immediately following January.
The subordinated participation fee is only due if the Preferred Return is achieved and is equal to the sum of: 

(i)    40%
of the product of (a) the difference of (x) the Preliminary NAV per share  minus  (y) the Highest Prior NAV per share,  multiplied
by  (b) the number of shares outstanding as of December 31 of the relevant annual period, but only if this results in
a positive number,  plus   

(ii)  
      40% of the product of: (a) the amount by which aggregate cash distributions to stockholders during the annual period, excluding return of capital distributions, divided by the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the annual period, exceed the Preferred Return,  multiplied by  (b) the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the annual period calculated on a monthly basis.   

First revaluation of NAV is scheduled to occur at December 31,
2016. 

NOTE 8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Economic Dependency   

The Company depends on the Sponsor and the Advisor for certain
services that are essential to the Company, including the sale of the Company s shares of common stock, the identification,
evaluation, negotiation, origination, acquisition and disposition of investments; management of the daily operations of the Company s
investment portfolio; and other general and administrative responsibilities. In the event that these companies are unable to provide
the respective services, the Company will be required to obtain such services from other sources. 

Environmental   

As an owner of real estate, the Company is subject to various
environmental laws of federal, state and local governments. Although there can be no assurance, the Company is not aware of any
environmental liability that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. However,
changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations, the uses and conditions of properties in the vicinity of the Company s
property, the activities of its tenants and other environmental conditions of which the Company is unaware with respect to the
property could result in future environmental liabilities. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 1   Financial Statement (continued)  

RICH UNCLES NNN REIT, INC.  

  CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)  

 September 30, 2016 

 (unaudited) 

Legal Matters   

From time to time, the Company may become party to legal proceedings
that arise in the ordinary course of its business. The Company is not a party to any legal proceeding, nor is the Company aware
of any pending or threatened litigation that would have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results,
cash flows or financial condition should such litigation be resolved unfavorably. 

NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company evaluates subsequent events up until the date the
consolidated financial statements are issued. 

Dividends  

On October 7, 2016, the Company s board of directors declared
dividends based on daily record dates for the period September 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 at a rate of $0.00194444 per
share per day, or $23,942, on the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, which the Company paid on October 11,
2016. 

On November 9, 2016, the Company s board of directors
declared dividends based on daily record dates for the period October 1, 2016 through October 31, 2016 at a rate of $0.00188172
per share per day, or $49,273, on the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, which the Company paid on November
10, 2016. 

Offering Status  

Through November 10, 2016, the Company had sold 1,318,551
shares of common stock in the Offering, for aggregate gross offering proceeds of $13,185,513, including 6,305 shares of
common stock sold under its distribution reinvestment plan for aggregate gross offering proceeds of $63,055. 

Acquisitions  

On November 4, 2016, the Company acquired a portfolio of six
retail properties ( Dollar General Portfolio ), totaling 53,323 square feet, located in Maine, Pennsylvania,
and Ohio. The seller is not affiliated with the Company or the Advisor. The aggregate purchase price for the Dollar General Portfolio
was $7,713,600 plus closing costs. The Company is in process of assessing the fair value of the acquired tangible assets and any
applicable intangible assets and liabilities for this business combination. 

Investments  

In October 2016, the Company acquired an additional investment
of 175,261 shares in Rich Uncles REIT I for $1,752,609. As of November 11, 2016, the Company s investment
represents approximately 4.57% ownership interest in Rich Uncles REIT I. 

Redeemable common stock  

Through November 10, 2016, the Company redeemed 4,091
shares for $39,682. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 2.      Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated Financial
Statements and the Notes thereto contained in Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section of the prospectus portion of the Registration Statement.
See also  Forward Looking Statements  preceding Part I of this Report. As used herein,  we,   us, 
and  our  refer to Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q of Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc. (the  Company ), other than historical facts, may be considered forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We intend for all such
forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A
of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, as applicable by law. Such statements include, in particular, statements
about our plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, as well as known and unknown risks,
which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended
to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use
of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   would,   could,   should,   expect, 
 intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   continue,  or other
similar words. Forward-looking statements that were true at the time made may ultimately prove to be incorrect or false. We caution
readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect our management s view only as of the date
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Additionally,
we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated
events or changes to future operating results. The forward-looking statements should be read in light of the risk factors identified
in Item 1A   Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the prospectus included in our SEC Registration Statement
on Form S-11, as amended and supplemented. 

These statements are not guarantees of future performance and
are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements that were true at the time made may
ultimately prove to be incorrect or false. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which
reflect our management s view only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We make no representation or warranty
(express or implied) about the accuracy of any such forward looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations are based upon our consolidated unaudited financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). The preparation of these financial
statements requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On a regular basis, we evaluate these estimates. These
estimates are based on management s historical industry experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to
be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

The following are some, but not all, of the assumptions, risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking
statements: 

We may be unable to renew leases, lease vacant space or re-lease space as leases expire on favorable terms or at all.   

We are subject to risks associated with tenant, geographic and industry concentrations with respect to our properties.   

Our properties, intangible assets and other assets may be subject to impairment charges.   

We could be subject to unexpected costs or unexpected liabilities that may arise from potential dispositions and may be unable to dispose of properties on advantageous terms.   

We are subject to competition in the acquisition and disposition of properties and in the leasing of our properties and we may be unable to acquire, dispose of, or lease properties on advantageous terms.   

We could be subject to risks associated with bankruptcies or insolvencies of tenants or from tenant defaults generally.   

We have substantial indebtedness, which may affect our ability to pay distributions, and expose us to interest rate fluctuation risk and the risk of default under our debt obligations.   

We may be affected by the incurrence of additional secured or unsecured debt.   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations (continued)  

We may not be able to maintain profitability.   

The only source of cash for distributions to investors will be cash flow from our operations (including sales of properties) or deferral of fees paid to our sponsor or advisor.   

We may not generate cash flows sufficient to pay our distributions to stockholders or meet our debt service obligations.   

We may be affected by risks resulting from losses in excess of insured limits.   

We may fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes.   

We are dependent upon our advisor which has the right to terminate the advisory agreement upon 60 days  written notice without cause or penalty.   

Overview  

We were formed on May 14, 2015 as a Maryland corporation that
intends to qualify as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2016
and we intend to continue to operate in such a manner. We intend to invest primarily in single tenant income-producing corporate
properties which are leased to creditworthy tenants under long-term net leases. Although we are not limited as to the form our
investments may take, our investments in real estate will generally constitute acquiring fee title or interests in entities that
own and operate real estate. We will make acquisitions of our real estate investments directly through our Operating Partnership
or indirectly through limited liability companies or limited partnerships, including through other REITS, or through investments
in joint ventures, partnerships, tenants-in-common, co-tenancies or other co-ownership arrangements with other owners of properties,
affiliates of our advisor or other persons. 

Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, our business
is externally managed by our advisor pursuant to an advisory agreement. Rich Uncles NNN Operator LLC, a limited liability company
wholly owned by Rich Uncles LLC, manages our operations and will manage our portfolio of core real estate properties and real estate
related assets. Rich Uncles NNN Operator LLC also provides asset-management, and other administrative services on our behalf. Rich
Uncles NNN Operator LLC is paid certain fees as set forth in the Notes to the Financial Statements. 

We have investor relations personnel, but all expenses are
reimbursed by our Sponsor as part of the organizational and offering services they provide to us to manage our organization and
offering and provide marketing, administrative services including investor relations. However, our Sponsor is then entitled to
include the reimbursement of such expenses as part of our reimbursement to them of organization and offering costs, but reimbursement
shall not exceed an amount equal to 3% of gross offering proceeds. 

On June 24, 2015, our Sponsor purchased 10,000 shares of common
stock for $100,000 and became the initial stockholder. Our Sponsor purchased another 10,000 shares of common stock on December
31, 2015 for $100,000. 

On July 15, 2015, we filed a registration statement on Form
S-11 with the SEC ( Registration Statement ) to register an initial public offering to offer a maximum of $1,000,000,000
in shares of common stock for sale to the public. The SEC declared our registration effective on June 1, 2015 and we commenced
the sale of our shares to the public on July 20, 2016. We do not retain a broker-dealer to offer our shares. Rather, we offer our
shares directly to the public. 

We expect to use substantially all of the net proceeds from
this offering to acquire and manage a portfolio of real estate investments. We intend to invest primarily in single tenant income-producing
corporate properties which are leased to creditworthy tenants under long-term net leases. While our focus is on single tenant net
leased properties, we plan to diversify our portfolio by geography, investment size and investment risk with the goal of acquiring
a portfolio of income-producing real estate investments that provides attractive and stable returns to our stockholders. Our investment
objectives and policies may be amended or changed at any time by our board of directors. Although we have no plans at this time
to change any of our investment objectives, our board of directors may change any and all such investment objectives, including
our focus on single tenant properties, if it believes such changes are in the best interests of our stockholders. 

Through November 10, 2016, the Company had sold
1,317,188 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Offering for aggregate gross offering
proceeds of $13,040,876. 

Rich Uncles NNN Operator LLC will make recommendations on all
investments to our board of directors. All proposed real estate investments must be approved by at least a majority of our board
of directors subject to guidelines established by our board of directors which, if a proposed investment fits within such guidelines,
specific board approval would not be needed. 

We intend to elect to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal
Revenue Code, beginning with the taxable year ended December 31, 2016. If we meet the REIT qualification requirements, we generally
will not be subject to federal income tax on the income that we distribute to our stockholders each year. If we fail to qualify
for taxation as a REIT in any year after electing REIT status, our income will be taxed at regular corporate rates, and we may
be precluded from qualifying for treatment as a REIT for the four-year period following our failure to qualify. Such an event could
materially and adversely affect our net income and cash available for distribution to our stockholders. However, we believe that
we will be organized and will operate in a manner that will enable us to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2016, and we intend to continue to operate so as to remain qualified
as a REIT for federal income tax purposes thereafter. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations (continued)  

See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
overview information. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The Company s proceeds from shares sold have been, and
will continue to be, primarily for (i) property acquisitions; (ii) capital expenditures; and (iii) payment of principal on its
outstanding indebtedness. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities   

As of September 30, 2016, we owned two properties. During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in operating activities was $47,250. We expect that our cash flows from operating
activities will increase in future periods as a result of anticipated future acquisitions of real estate and the related operations
from such investments. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities   

Net cash used in investing activities was $17,830,500 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and consisted primarily of the following: 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by financing activities was $19,664,678 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and consisted primarily of the following: 

Capital Resources   

Generally, cash needs for property acquisitions, debt payments,
capital expenditures, development and other investments will be funded by equity and debt offerings, bank borrowings, and to a
lesser extent, by internally generated funds. Cash needs for operating and interest expense and dividends will generally be funded
by internally generated funds. If available, future sources of capital include proceeds from the public offering of the Company s
equity securities, secured or unsecured borrowings from banks or other lenders, proceeds from the sale of properties, as well as
undistributed funds from operations. 

Contractual Commitments and Contingencies   

The following is a summary of our outstanding debt as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Interest expense on outstanding debt obligations: 

* assuming whole amount outstanding to maturity 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations (continued)  

Indebtedness   

We expect to use indebtedness primarily for property acquisitions
of single-tenant properties either directly or through investment interests, mortgage and notes receivables. Additionally, indebtedness
may be used to refinance existing indebtedness. 

Unsecured Credit Facility   

The Company s $12,000,000 revolving unsecured credit facility
had an outstanding balance of $6,963,500 at September 30, 2016. The Credit Facility matures June 2017 and bears interest at 1%
over an independent index which is the highest rate on corporate loans posted by at least 75% of the USA s thirty (30) largest
banks known as The Wall Street Journal Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal (the  Index ), and had an
initial rate is 4.5%. 

More detail can be found in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Notes Payable   

The Company has one mortgage payable secured by its two properties.
The note matures in 2021 and bears a fixed interest rate of 3.95%. 

More detail can be found in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Results of Operations  

The SEC declared the registration statement for our initial
public offering effective on June 1, 2016. Our results of operations as of September 30, 2016 are not indicative of those expected
in future periods as we commenced investment operations on June 15, 2016 in connection with our first investment. During the period
from May 14, 2015 to September 30, 2016, we had been formed but had not yet commenced any significant operations. As a result,
we had no material results of operations for those periods. 

As of September 30, 2016, we owned one office building and one retail building, which were purchased on June 15, 2016 and
June 21, 2016, respectively, which generated rental income of $286,576 and $328,041 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred depreciation and amortization expense of $204,743 and $238,232,
respectively, interest expense of $174,271 and $213,961, respectively, relating to the mortgage debt secured by our two properties,
asset management fees of $47,193 and $54,141, respectively, and asset acquisition fees of $0 and $474,122, respectively. More detail
about our properties can be found in Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

We expect that rental income, depreciation and amortization
expense, interest expense and fees to affiliates to each increase in future periods as a result of anticipated future acquisitions
of real estate investments. 

General and administrative expenses for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 totaled $584,488 and $590,867, respectively, which consisted of investor relations payroll expense,
professional legal and accounting fees, office supplies, bank services charges, and expense related to the shares issued to
the board of directors for their compensation. We expect general and administrative costs to increase in the future as a result
of anticipated accounting and audit expenses, future board bees and future acquisitions of real estate investments. 

The Company
also recorded $4,300 of equity losses with respect to its investment in Rich Uncles REIT I. 

Organization and Offering Costs  

Our organization and offering costs are paid by our Sponsor
on our behalf. Offering costs include all expenses incurred in connection with the initial public offering, including investor
relations payroll costs. Other organization and offering costs include all expenses incurred in connection with our formation,
including, but not limited to legal fees, federal and state filing fees, and other costs to incorporate. 

During the primary offering, we are obligated to reimburse our
Sponsor for organization and offering costs related to the offering paid by them on our behalf provided such reimbursement would
not exceed 3% of gross offering proceeds raised in the initial public offering as of the date of the reimbursement. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations (continued)  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had not incurred any organization
and offering costs related to the initial public offering as all such costs had been funded by our Sponsor. As a result, these
organization and offering costs related to the initial public offering are not recorded in our financial statements as of September
30, 2016 other than to the extent of 3% of the gross offering proceeds. Through September 30, 2016, our sponsor had incurred organization
and offering costs on our behalf in connection with our initial public offering of $1,160,923, of which as of September 30, 2016,
$0 was payable to the Sponsor or affiliates. 

Distributions  

During our offering stage, when we may raise capital more quickly
than we acquire income producing assets, and from time to time during our operational state, we way not pay distributions solely
from our cash flow from operating activities, in which case distributions may be paid in whole or in part from the deferral of
fees otherwise due to our advisor, if so elected by our Advisor. Distributions declared, distributions paid and cash flow used
in operations were as follows for the second quarter of 2016: 

Distributions are paid on a monthly basis. In general,
distributions for record dates as of end of a given month are paid on or about the 10th of the following month. Distributions
for the period from March 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016 were based on daily record dates from June 15 (date of purchase of
first property) and were declared on July 5, 2016 at a rate of $0.00180556 per share per day and were paid on July 11, 2016.
Distributions for the period from July 1 through July 31, 2016 were declared on August 10, 2016 at a rate of $0.00174731 per
share per day and paid on August 11, 2016. Distributions for the period from August 1 through August 31, 2016 were declared
on September 7, 2016 at a rate of $0.00174731 per share per day and paid on September 12, 2016. Distributions for the period
from September 1 through September 30, 2016 were declared October 7, 2016 at a rate of $0.00194444 per share per
day and paid on October 11, 2016. 

Going forward, we expect our board of directors to continue
to declare cash distributions based on daily record dates and to pay these distributions on a monthly basis, and after our offering
to continue to declare stock dividends based on a single record date as of the end of the month, and to pay these dividends on
monthly basis. Cash distributions will be determined by our board of directors based on our financial condition and such other
factors as our board of directors deems relevant. Our board of directors has no pre-established a percentage rate of return for
stock dividends or cash distributions to stockholders. We have not established a minimum dividend or distribution level, and our
charter does not require that we make dividends or distributions to our stockholders other than as necessary to meet IRS REIT qualification
standards. 

Over the long-term, we expect that a greater percentage of our
distributions will be paid from funds from operations ( FFO ) (except with respect to distributions related to sales
of our assets. Our operating performance cannot be accurately predicted and may deteriorate in the future due to numerous factors,
including those discussed under  Risk Factors  in the prospectus portion of our Registration Statement on Form S-11,
filed with the SEC. Those factors include: our ability to raise capital to make additional investments; the future operating performance
of our current and future real estate investments in the existing real estate and financial environment; our advisor s ability
to identify additional real estate investment that are suitable to execute our investment objectives; the success and economic
viability of our tenants; our ability to refinance existing indebtedness at comparable terms; changes in interest rates on any
variable rate debt obligations we incur; and the level of participation in our distribution reinvestment plan. In the event our
FFO decreases in the future, the level of our distributions may also decrease. In addition, future distributions declared and paid
may exceed FFO. 

Properties  

As of September 30, 2016, we owned two (2) properties encompassing
78,120 rentable square feet in two states. We are just starting the offering state of our life cycle and will continue
to acquire assets that adhere to our investment criteria with proceeds from the sale of our shares and withdraws from our Unsecured
Credit Facility. More detail about our properties can be found in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

On November 4, 2016 we acquired six of the seven
previously announced additional properties leased to Dollar General from an unaffiliated company that we had intended to
acquire. The  seventh Dollar General property was not acquired due to insufficient cash and line of credit financing being
available at the time that the six Dollar General properties were acquired. We have no material relationship with the
seller or its affiliates, other than with respect to the six that have been acquired. The properties are single tenant
retail buildings totaling 53,323 square feet, located in Maine, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. The aggregate purchase price was
$7,713,600, exclusive of closing costs. The properties are 100% leased. 

The purchase of these properties was funded with proceeds from
the sale of our ongoing offering and our $12.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility with Pacific Mercantile Bank. In connection
with the acquisition, we will pay our advisor acquisition fees and expenses totaling approximately $231,408. 

In evaluating these properties as a potential acquisition, including
the determination of an appropriate purchase price to be paid for the properties, we considered a variety of factors, including
the condition and financial performance of the properties, the terms of the existing leases and the creditworthiness of the tenants,
property location, visibility and access, age of the properties, physical condition and curb appeal, neighboring property uses,
local market conditions, including vacancy rates, area demographics, including trade area population and average household income
and neighborhood growth patterns and economic conditions. We do not currently have plans to incur any significant costs to renovate,
improve or develop the properties, and we believe that the properties are adequately insured. 

Set forth below is a description of the six  Dollar General
properties we acquired on November 4, 2016: 

(1)  
      Effective annual base rent and effective annual base rent per square foot include adjustments for rent concessions or abatements, if any. In general, we intend for our properties to be subject to long-term triple or double net leases that require the tenants to pay substantially all operating expenses in addition to base rent.   

(2)  
      Represents the lease term beginning with the later of the purchase date or the rent commencement date through the end of the non-cancelable lease term, assuming no renewals are exercised.   

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market
Risk  

Market risks include risks that arise from changes in interest
rates and other market changes that affect market-sensitive instruments. We expect that primary significant market risk to which
we will be exposed is interest rate risk, including the risk of changes in the underlying rates on variable rate debt, if any,
in the future. In order to modify and manage the interest rate characteristics of our outstanding debt and to limit the effects
of interest rate risks on our operations, we are focused on procuring fixed-rate mortgage debt. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market
Risk (continued)  

We expect to borrow funds with fixed interest rates. Interest
rate fluctuations will generally not affect future cash flows related to fixed rate debt unless such debt matures or is otherwise
terminated. However, interest rate changes will affect the fair value of fixed rate instruments. As of September 30, 2016, the
estimated fair value of our fixed rate debt was $7,298,384 and the outstanding principal balance of our fixed rate debt was $7,298,384.
The fair value estimate of our fixed rate debt is calculated using a discounted cash flow analysis utilizing rates we would expect
to pay for debt of a similar type and remaining maturity if the loan was originated as of September 30, 2016.  As we
expect to hold our fixed rate instruments to maturity and the amounts due under such instruments would be limited to the outstanding
principal balance and any accrued and unpaid interest, we do not expect that fluctuations in interest rates, and the resulting
change in fair value of our fixed rate instruments, would have a significant impact on our operations.   

As of September 30, 2016, the Company did not have any variable
rate debt. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by this report, management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon, and as of the date of, the evaluation, our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered
by this report to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file and submit under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Recent Market Conditions  

Beginning in late 2007, domestic and international financial
markets experienced significant disruptions that severely impacted the availability of credit and contributed to rising costs associated
with obtaining credit. Financial conditions affecting commercial real estate have improved and continue to improve, as low treasury
rates and increased lending from banks, insurance companies and commercial mortgage backed securities ( CMBS ) conduits
have increased lending activity. Nevertheless, the debt market remains sensitive to the macro environment, such as Federal
Reserve policy, market sentiment or regulatory factors affecting the banking and CMBS industries. While we expect that financial
conditions will remain favorable, if they were to deteriorate we may experience more stringent lending criteria, which may affect
our ability to finance certain property acquisitions or refinance any debt at maturity. Additionally, for properties for which
we are able to obtain financing, the interest rates and other terms on such loans may be unacceptable. We expect to manage the
current mortgage lending environment by considering alternative lending sources, including securitized debt, fixed rate loans,
borrowings on a line of credit, short-term variable rate loans, assumed mortgage loans in connection with property acquisitions,
interest rate lock or swap agreements, or any combination of the foregoing. 

Commercial real estate fundamentals continue to strengthen,
as a moderate pace of job creation has supported gains in office absorption, retail sales and warehouse distribution. Although
commercial property construction activity has increased, it remains near historic lows; as a result, incremental demand growth
has helped to reduce vacancy rates and support modest rental growth. Improving fundamentals have resulted in gains in property
values. 

Election as a REIT  

We believe we will qualify and intend to elect to be taxed as
a REIT for federal income tax purposes under the Code beginning with the taxable year ending December 31, 2016, as we did not commence
principal operations until June, 2016. To qualify and maintain status as a REIT, we must meet certain requirements relating to
our organization, sources of income, nature of assets, distributions of income to our stockholders and recordkeeping. As a REIT,
we generally would not be subject to federal income tax on taxable income that we distribute to our stockholders so long as we
distribute at least 90% of our annual taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net
capital gains). 

If we fail to qualify as a REIT for any reason in a taxable
year and applicable relief provisions do not apply, we will be subject to tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax,
on our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We will not be able to deduct distributions paid to our stockholders in any year
in which we fail to qualify as a REIT. We also will be disqualified for the four taxable years following the year during which
qualification is lost, unless we are entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions. Such an event could materially adversely
affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to stockholders. However, we believe that we are organized and operate
in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. No provision for federal income taxes has
been made in our accompanying condensed consolidated unaudited financial statements. We will be subject to certain state and local
taxes related to the operations of properties in certain locations. We are subject to certain state and local taxes related to
the operations of properties in certain locations, which have been provided for in our accompanying condensed consolidated unaudited
financial statements. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)  

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures (continued)  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Our accounting policies have been established to conform with
GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to use judgment in the application of accounting
policies, including making estimates and assumptions. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting periods. If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions
had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied, thus resulting in a different presentation
of the financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact comparability of our
results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. We consider our critical accounting policies to be the following: 

Impairment of real estate and related intangibles;   

Depreciation and amortization;   

Real estate acquisition valuation;   

Revenue Recognition; and   

Income Taxes.   

See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a more
detailed description of these policies. 

The information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended December 31,
2015 and related notes thereto. 

Commitments and Contingencies  

We may be subject to certain commitments and contingencies with
regard to certain transactions. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 

Related-Party Transactions and Agreements  

We have entered into an agreement with our Advisor whereby we
have agreed to pay certain fees to, or reimburse certain expenses of, our Advisor or its affiliates, such as acquisition fees and
expenses, organization and offering costs, asset management fees, and reimbursement of certain operating costs. See Note 7 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for a further explanation of the various related-party transactions, agreements and fees. 

Subsequent Events  

Certain events occurred subsequent to September 30, 2016 through
the filing date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further explanation. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
explanation. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had
no material off-balance sheet arrangements that had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.          
   Legal Proceedings  

None. 

Item 1A.          Risk Factors  

There have been no material changes from the risk factors set
forth in the prospectus portion of the Registration Statement, as supplemented and amended. 

Item 2.             Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

On June 24, 2015, we sold 10,000 shares of common stock to our
sponsor, Rich Uncles, LLC at the $10 per share Offering price ($100,000); and on December 31, 2015 our sponsor purchased an additiona1
10,000 shares at the per share Offering price ($100,000). We issued these shares in private transactions exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act. On June 1, 2016, the Registration Statement for the offering of up to 100 million shares of
our common stock at a price of $10.00 per share was declared effective under the Securities Act. The amount registered includes
of up to 10.0 million shares of common stock under our dividend reinvestment plan, through which stockholders may elect to have
distributions reinvested in additional shares at an initial price of $10.00 per share. 

Item 3.             Defaults
Upon Senior Securities  

No events occurred during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 that would require a response to this item. 

Item 4.            Mine
Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.            Other
Information  

No events occurred during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 that would require a response to this item. 

Item 6.            Exhibits  

The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index (following the
signatures section of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q) are included herewith, or incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc.    

(Registrant)    

By:  
      /s/ HAROLD HOFER   

Name:  
      Harold Hofer   

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 14, 2016 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

The following exhibits are included, or incorporated by reference,
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (and are numbered in accordance with Item 601
of Regulation S-K). 

Exhibit   
       
       Description    
 
      3.1  
       
      Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Of Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc., previously filed with the Company s Form S-11 filed on May 23, 2016   
 
      3.2  
       
      Bylaws, previously filed with the Company s Form S-11 filed on July 15, 2015   
 
      4.1  
       
      Form of Subscription Agreement, included as Appendix A to the Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement   
 
      4.2  
       
      Dividend Reinvestment Plan, included as Appendix B to the Prospectus contained in the Registration Statement   
 
      4.3  
       
      Share Repurchase Program, previously filed with the Company s Form S-11 filed on March 25, 2016   
 
      5.1  
       
      Opinion of Strasburger   Price, LLP, re legality, previously filed with the Company s Form S-11 filed on January 27, 2016   
 
      8.1  
       
      Opinion of Strasburger   Price, LLP, re tax matters, previously filed with the Company s Form S-11 filed on January 27, 2016   
 
      10.1  
       
      Advisory Agreement, previously filed with the Company s Form S-11 filed on January 27, 2016   
 
      10.2  
       
      Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement, previously filed with the Company s Form S-11 filed on May 23, 2016   
 
      21.1  
       
      Subsidiaries, previously filed with the Company s Form S-11 filed on July 15, 2015   
 
      23.1  
       
      Consent of Strasburger   Price, LLP, included in Exhibit 5.1   
 
      23.2  
       
      Consent of Strasburger   Price, LLP, included in Exhibit 8.1   
 
      24.1  
       
      Power of Attorney, previously filed with the Company s Form S-11 filed on July 15, 2015   
 
      31.1*  
       
      Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2*  
       
      Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1**  
       
      Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
     101.INS 
       
     XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT  
 
     101.SCH 
       
     XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT  
 
     101.CAL 
       
     XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE  
 
     101.DEF 
       
     XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE  
 
     101.LAB 
       
     XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE  
 
     101.PRE 
       
     XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE  
 
      *  
       
      Filed herewith.   
 
      **  
       
      In accordance with Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is not deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452836_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I,  
      Harold Hofer, certify that:   

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the registrant, Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ HAROLD HOFER   

Name:  
      Harold Hofer   

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452836_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

I,  
      Jean Ho, certify that:   

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the registrant, Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ JEAN HO   

Name:  
      Jean Ho   

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452836_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

  (18 U.S.C.   1350)  

Each of the undersigned officers of Rich Uncles NNN REIT, Inc.
(the  Company ) hereby certifies, for purposes of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States
Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge: 

(i)  
      the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and   

(ii)  
      the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

/s/ HAROLD HOFER   

Name:  
       
      Harold Hofer   

Title:  
       
      Chief Executive Officer  
 (Principal Executive Officer)   

/s/ JEAN HO   

Name:  
       
      Jean Ho   
 
      Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      Title:  

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)   

The foregoing certification is being furnished
with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350.
It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be incorporated
by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates this certification by reference. 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cik0001645873-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cik0001645873-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cik0001645873-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cik0001645873-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cik0001645873-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cik0001645873-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

