<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1523854_0001571049-16-019862_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6411508</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105455</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>320724</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1434606</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3040457</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1380898</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>84</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019862.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114163546
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019862
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001523854
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54578
		FILM NUMBER:		161995341

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34 SOUTH 7TH STREET
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47374
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(765) 962-9587

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		34 SOUTH 7TH STREET
		CITY:			RICHMOND
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47374

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019862.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 t1600735_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended
September 30, 2016 

OR  

For the transition period from
_______________ to _______________ 

Commission File No. 000-54578  

West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Maryland   
       
       36-4713616    

(State or other jurisdiction of 
         in Company or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
         Identification Number)   

34 South 7 th  Street, Richmond, Indiana   
       
       47374    
 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
       
      Zip Code   

(765) 962-9587   

 (Registrant s telephone number) 

N/A   

 (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
requirements for the past 90 days. 

 YES  x      NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 

 YES  x      NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer      
       
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
       
      Smaller reporting company  x    
 
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 YES         NO
 x  

As of November 14, 2016, there were 1,064,582 issued and outstanding
shares of the Registrant s Common Stock. 

West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc.   

  Form 10-Q  

Index  

Page   
 
        Part I. Financial Information     

Item 1.   
       Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      1   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income   
      2   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      4   

Condensed Statement of Stockholders  Equity   
      5   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      6   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      36   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      43   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      43   

Part II. Other Information     

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      43   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      43   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      43   

Item 3.   
       Defaults upon Senior Securities   
      44   

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      44   

Item 5.   
       Other Information   
      44   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      44   

Signature Page   
      45   

Part I.   Financial Information  

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements    

West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Income  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc.  

  Condensed Statement of Stockholders 
Equity  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

NOTE 1: Nature of Operations and Conversion  

West End Bank, S.B. (the  Bank ), a wholly owned
subsidiary of West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc. (the  Company ), is an Indiana-chartered savings bank that was organized
in 1894 and is headquartered in Richmond, Indiana. 

The Bank provides financial services to individuals, families
and businesses through its four banking offices located in the Indiana counties of Union and Wayne and limited service branches
located in the elementary schools and high school in Richmond, Indiana at which the Bank offers more limited banking services and
at which it provides banking seminars to students who assist in the branch operations. Our principal business consists of attracting
retail deposits from the general public in our market area and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations,
and to a lesser extent, borrowings, in one- to four- family residential real estate loans, indirect automobile loans, commercial
and multi-family real estate loans, and to a lesser extent, second mortgages and equity lines of credit, construction loans and
commercial business loans. We also purchase investment securities consisting of municipal bonds, and mortgage-backed securities. 

The Bank reorganized into a mutual holding company structure
in 2007. On January 11, 2012, in accordance with a Plan of Conversion and Reorganization ( the  Conversion ), West
End Bank, MHC (MHC), the Bank s former federally chartered mutual holding company completed a mutual-to-stock conversion
pursuant to which the Bank became the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, a Maryland corporation. In connection with the Conversion,
the Company sold 1,363,008 shares of common stock, at an offering price of $10 per share, and issued an additional 38,000 shares
of its common stock to the West End Bank Charitable Foundation (the  Foundation ), resulting in an aggregate issuance
of 1,401,008 shares of common stock. The Company s stock began being quoted on the OTC Pink Marketplace on January 11, 2012,
under the symbol  WEIN.  

The proceeds from the stock offering net of issuance costs of
$1,092,000 amounted to $12,537,000. 

Also, in connection with the Conversion, the Bank established
an employee stock ownership plan ( ESOP ), which purchased 112,080 shares of the Company s common stock at a
price of $10 per share. 

In accordance with Federal conversion regulations, at the time
of the Conversion from a mutual holding company to a stock holding company, the Company was required to substantially restrict
retained earnings by establishing a liquidation account and the Bank established a parallel liquidation account. The liquidation
account will be maintained for the benefit of eligible holders who continue to maintain their accounts at the Bank after conversion.
The liquidation account will be reduced annually to the extent that eligible account holders have reduced their qualifying deposits.
Subsequent increases will not restore an eligible account holder s interest in the liquidation account. In the event of a
complete liquidation of the Bank, and only in such event, each account holder will be entitled to receive a distribution for the
liquidation account in an amount proportionate to the adjusted qualifying account balances then held. The Bank may not pay dividends
if those dividends would reduce equity capital below the required liquidation account amount. 

The Conversion was accounted for as a change in corporate form
with the historical basis of the MHC s consolidated assets, liabilities and equity unchanged as a result. 

NOTE 2: Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying unaudited
consolidated condensed financial statements were prepared in accordance with instructions for Form 10-Q and, therefore, do not
include information or footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, and cash flows
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, these financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of the Company included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015. However, in the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring accruals)
which are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial statements have been included. The results of operations for the three-month
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, are not necessarily indicative of the results which may be expected for the entire
year. The consolidated condensed balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated
balance sheet of the Company as of that date.  

NOTE 3: Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, West End Bank, S.B. All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

NOTE 4: Securities 

The amortized cost and approximate fair values of securities
are as follows: 

The amortized cost and fair value of securities available for
sale at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities
will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties. 

The carrying value of securities pledged as collateral, to secure
public deposits and for other purposes, was $975,000 at September 30, 2016 (unaudited). Securities pledged at December 31, 2015
were $1,162,000. 

Activities related to the sales of securities available for
sale for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited) are summarized as follows: 

Certain investments in debt securities are reported in the consolidated
financial statements at an amount less than their historical cost. Total fair value of these investments at September 30, 2016
(unaudited) and December 31, 2015 was $7,744,000 and $21,008,000, which is approximately 32% and 75% of the Company s available-for-sale
investment portfolio. These declines primarily resulted from changes in market interest rates. 

Based on evaluation of available evidence, including recent
changes in market interest rates, credit rating information and information obtained from regulatory filings, management believes
the declines in fair value for these securities are temporary. 

Should the impairment of any of these securities become other
than temporary, the cost basis of the investment will be reduced and the resulting loss recognized in net income in the period
the other-than-temporary impairment is identified. 

Securities with unrealized losses at September 30, 2016 (unaudited)
were as follows: 

Securities with unrealized losses at December 31, 2015 were
as follows: 

Mortgage-backed Securities   GSE Residential  

The unrealized losses on the Company s investment in mortgage-backed
securities were caused by interest rate increases. The Company expects to recover the amortized cost basis over the term of the
securities. Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and not credit quality, and because
the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not, more likely than not, the Company will be required to sell the
investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments
to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016. 

NOTE 5: Loans and Allowance 

The Company s loan and allowance policies are as follows: 

Loans 

Loans that management has the intent and ability to
hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoffs are reported at their outstanding principal balances adjusted for
unearned income, charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, any unamortized deferred fees or costs on originated loans and unamortized
premiums or discounts on purchased loans. 

For loans amortized at cost, interest income is accrued
based on the unpaid principal balance. Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, as well as premiums and
discounts, are deferred and amortized as a level yield adjustment over the respective term of the loan. 

For all loan classes, the accrual of interest is discontinued
at the time the loan is 90 days past due unless the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. Past due status is based
on contractual terms of the loan. For all loan classes, the entire balance of the loan is considered past due if the minimum payment
contractually required to be paid is not received by the contractual due date. For all loan classes, loans are placed on nonaccrual
or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. 

Consistent with regulatory guidance, charge-offs on
all loan segments are taken when specific loans, or portions thereof, are considered uncollectible. The Company s policy
is to promptly charge these loans off in the period the uncollectible loss is reasonably determined. 

For all loan portfolio segments except residential
and consumer loans, the Company promptly charges-off loans, or portions thereof, when available information confirms that specific
loans are uncollectible based on information that includes, but is not limited to, (1) the deteriorating financial condition of
the borrower, (2) declining collateral values, and/or (3) legal action, including bankruptcy, that impairs the borrower s
ability to adequately meet its obligations. For impaired loans that are considered to be solely collateral dependent, a partial
charge-off is recorded when a loss has been confirmed by an updated appraisal or other appropriate valuation of the collateral. 

The Company charges-off residential and consumer loans,
or portions thereof, when the Company reasonably determines the amount of the loss. The Company adheres to timeframes established
by applicable regulatory guidance which provides for the charge-down of 1-4 family first and junior lien mortgages to the net realizable
value less costs to sell when the loan is 180 days past due, charge-off of unsecured open-end loans when the loan is 180 days past
due, and charge down to the net realizable value when other secured loans are 120 days past due. Loans at these respective delinquency
thresholds for which the Company can clearly document that the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection, such
that collection will occur regardless of delinquency status, need not be charged off. 

For all classes, all interest accrued but not collected
for loans that are placed on nonaccrual or charged off are reversed against interest income. The interest on these loans is accounted
for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when
all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. Nonaccrual
loans are returned to accrual status when, in the opinion of management, the financial position of the borrower indicates there
is no longer any reasonable doubt as to the timely collection of interest or principal. The Company requires a period of satisfactory
performance of not less than six months before returning a nonaccrual loan to accrual status. 

When cash payments are received on impaired loans
in each loan class, the Company records the payment as interest income unless collection of the remaining recorded principal amount
is doubtful, at which time payments are used to reduce the principal balance of the loan. Troubled debt restructured loans recognize
interest income on an accrual basis at the renegotiated rate if the loan is in compliance with the modified terms. 

Allowance for Loan Losses 

The allowance for loan losses is established as losses
are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan losses charged to income. Loan losses are charged against the allowance
when management believes the uncollectability of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the
allowance. 

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular
basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical
experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay,
estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it
requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

The allowance consists of allocated and general components.
The allocated component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For those loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance
is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than
the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical charge-off experience
by segment. The historical loss experience is determined by portfolio segment and is based on the actual loss history experienced
by the Company over the prior three years.  Management believes the three year historical loss experience
methodology is appropriate in the current economic environment.    Other adjustments (qualitative/environmental
considerations) for each segment may be added to the allowance for each loan segment after an assessment of internal or external
influences on credit quality that are not fully reflected in the historical loss or risk rating data. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current
information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest
when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include
payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due   based
on the loan s current payment status and the borrower s financial condition including available sources of cash flows.
Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on
a loan-by-loan basis for non-homogenous type loans such as commercial, non-owner residential and construction loans by either the
present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable
market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. For impaired loans where the Company
utilizes the discounted cash flows to determine the level of impairment, the Company includes the entire change in the present
value of cash flows as bad debt expense. 

The fair values of collateral dependent impaired loans
are based on independent appraisals of the collateral. In general, the Company acquires an updated appraisal upon identification
of impairment and annually thereafter for commercial, commercial real estate and multi-family loans. If the most recent appraisal
is over a year old, and a new appraisal is not performed, due to lack of comparable values or other reasons, the existing appraisal
is utilized and discounted 25% - 35% based on the age of the appraisal, condition of the subject property, and overall economic
conditions. After determining the collateral value as described, the fair value is calculated based on the determined
collateral value less selling expenses. The potential for outdated appraisal values is considered in our determination of the allowance
for loan losses through our analysis of various trends and conditions including the local economy, trends in charge-offs and delinquencies,
etc. and the related qualitative adjustments assigned by the Company. 

Segments of loans with similar risk characteristics
are collectively evaluated for impairment based on the segment s historical loss experience adjusted for changes in trends,
conditions and other relevant factors that affect repayment of the loans. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify
individual consumer and residential loans for impairment measurements, unless such loans are the subject of a restructuring agreement
due to financial difficulties of the borrower. 

Categories of loans include: 

The risk characteristics of each
loan portfolio segment are as follows: 

Commercial  

Commercial loans are primarily based on the identified
cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The cash flows of borrowers,
however, may not be as expected and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Most commercial loans are secured
by the assets being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable or inventory and may incorporate a personal guarantee;
however, some short-term loans may be made on an unsecured basis. In the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability
of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due
from its customers. 

Commercial and Multi-Family Real Estate  

These loans are viewed primarily as cash flow loans
and secondarily as loans secured by real estate. Commercial and multi-family real estate lending typically involves higher loan
principal amounts and the repayment of these loans is generally dependent on the successful operation of the property securing
the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. 

Commercial and multi-family real estate loans may
be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The properties securing the Company s
commercial and multi-family real estate portfolio are diverse in terms of type and geographic location. Management monitors and
evaluates commercial real estate loans based on collateral, geography and risk grade criteria. In addition, management tracks the
level of owner-occupied commercial real estate loans versus non-owner occupied loans. 

Construction  

Construction loans are underwritten utilizing feasibility
studies, independent appraisal reviews and financial analysis of the developers and property owners. Construction loans are generally
based on estimates of costs and value associated with the complete project. These estimates may be inaccurate. Construction loans
often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the ultimate project.
Sources of repayment for these types of loans may be pre-committed permanent loans from approved long-term lenders, sales of developed
property or an interim loan commitment from the Company until permanent financing is obtained. These loans are closely monitored
by on-site inspections and are considered to have higher risks than other real estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being
sensitive to interest rate changes, governmental regulation of real property, general economic conditions and the availability
of long-term financing. 

Residential, Second Mortgages and Equity Lines
of Credit and Consumer  

With respect to residential loans that are secured
by 1-4 family residences, the Company generally establishes a maximum loan-to-value ratio and requires private mortgage insurance
if that ratio is exceeded. Second mortgages and equity lines of credit loans are typically secured by a subordinate interest in
1-4 family residences, and consumer loans are secured by consumer assets such as automobiles or recreational vehicles. Some consumer
loans are unsecured such as small installment loans. Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income of
the borrowers, which can be impacted by economic conditions in their market areas such as unemployment levels. Risk is mitigated
by the fact that the loans are of smaller individual amounts and spread over a large number of borrowers. 

The following presents by portfolio segment, the activity
in the allowance for loan losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited). 

The following tables present the balance in the allowance
for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans based on portfolio segment and impairment method as of September 30, 2016
(unaudited) and December 31, 2015:  

The following tables present the credit risk profile
of the Bank s loan portfolio based on rating category and payment activity as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December
31, 2015:  

The Company generally categorizes all classes of
loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current
financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among
other factors. Generally, smaller dollar consumer loans are excluded from this grading process and are reflected in the Pass category.
The delinquency trends of these consumer loans are monitored on homogeneous basis and the related delinquent amounts are reflected
in the aging analysis table below. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 

The Pass asset quality rating encompasses assets
that have generally performed as expected. With the exception of some smaller consumer and residential loans, these assets generally
do not have delinquency. Loans assigned this rating include loans to borrowers possessing solid credit quality with acceptable
risk.  Borrowers in these grades are differentiated from higher grades on the basis of size (capital and/or revenue), leverage,
asset quality, stability of the industry or specific market area and quality/coverage of collateral.  These borrowers generally
have a history of consistent earnings and reasonable leverage.    

The Watch asset quality rating encompasses assets
that have been brought to the attention of management and may, if not corrected, warrant a more serious quality rating by management.
These assets are usually in the first phase of a deficiency situation and may possess similar criteria as Special Mention assets.
This grade includes  pass grade  loans to borrowers which require special monitoring because of deteriorating financial
results, declining credit ratings, decreasing cash flow, increasing leverage, marginal collateral coverage or industry stress
that has resulted or may result in a changing overall risk profile. 

The Special Mention asset quality rating encompasses
assets that have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses
may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the institution s credit position at some future
date. Special mention assets are not adversely classified and do not expose an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse
classification. This grade is intended to include loans to borrowers whose credit quality has clearly deteriorated and where risk
of further decline is possible unless active measures are taken to correct the situation.  Weaknesses are considered potential
at this state and are not yet fully defined. 

The Substandard asset
quality rating encompasses assets that are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor
or of the collateral pledged, if any; assets having a well-defined weakness(es) based upon objective evidence; assets characterized
by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected; or the possibility that
liquidation will not be timely. Loans categorized in this grade possess a well-defined credit weakness and the likelihood of repayment
from the primary source is uncertain.  Significant financial deterioration has occurred and very close attention is warranted
to ensure the full repayment without loss.  Collateral coverage may be marginal and the accrual of interest has been suspended . 

The Doubtful asset quality rating encompasses assets
that have all of the weaknesses of those classified as Substandard.  In addition, these weaknesses make collection or liquidation
in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. 

The Loss asset quality rating encompasses assets
that are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets of the bank is not warranted. A loss
classification does not mean that an asset has no recovery or salvage value; instead, it means that it is not practical or desirable
to defer writing off or reserving all or a portion of a basically worthless asset, even though partial recovery may be realized
in the future. 

The Company evaluates the loan grading system definitions
and allowance for loan loss methodology on an ongoing basis. No significant changes were made to either during 2015 or 2016. 

The following table presents the Bank s loan
portfolio aging analysis as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015: 

A loan is considered impaired, in accordance with
the impairment accounting guidance (ASC 310-10-35-16), when based on current information and events, it is probable the Company
will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan. Impaired loans
include nonperforming commercial loans but also include loans modified in troubled debt restructurings where concessions have
been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. These concessions could include a reduction in the interest rate
on the loan, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions intended to maximize collection. 

The following table presents impaired loans and specific
valuation allowance based on class level at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015: 

The following presents by portfolio segment, information
related to the average recorded investment and interest income recognized on impaired loans for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited): 

(Unaudited)     

Real Estate       

Commercial       
     Residential       
     Commercial  and 
    Multi-Family       
     Construction       
     Seconds   and 
    Equity Line       
     Consumer       
     Total     

(In Thousands)     
 
     Three Months Ended September 30, 2016:    

Total impaired loan:    

Average recorded investment    
     $          
     $          
     $  2,276       
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $  2,276     
 
     Interest income recognized    

Interest income recognized on a cash basis    

(Unaudited)     

Real Estate       

Commercial       
     Residential       
     Commercial  and 
    Multi-Family       
     Construction       
     Seconds   and 
    Equity Line       
     Consumer       
     Total     

(In Thousands)     
 
     Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016:    

Total impaired loan:    

Average recorded investment    
     $          
     $          
     $  2,300       
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $  2,300     
 
     Interest income recognized    

Interest income recognized on a cash basis    

(Unaudited)     

Real Estate       

Commercial       
     Residential       
     Commercial  and 
    Multi-Family       
     Construction       
     Seconds   and 
    Equity Line       
     Consumer       
     Total     

(In Thousands)     
 
     Three Months Ended September 30, 2015:    

Total impaired loan:    

Average recorded investment    
     $          
     $          
     $  3,079       
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $  3,079     
 
     Interest income recognized    

Interest income recognized on a cash basis    

(Unaudited)     

Real Estate       

Commercial       
     Residential       
     Commercial  and 
    Multi-Family       
     Construction       
     Seconds   and 
    Equity Line       
     Consumer       
     Total     

(In Thousands)     
 
     Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015:    

Total impaired loan:    

Average recorded investment    
     $          
     $          
     $  3,089       
     $          
     $          
     $          
     $  3,089     
 
     Interest income recognized    

36       

36     
 
     Interest income recognized on a cash basis    

Troubled Debt Restructurings  

In the course of working with borrowers, the Company
may choose to restructure the contractual terms of certain loans. In restructuring the loan, the Company attempts to work out
an alternative payment schedule with the borrower in order to optimize collectability of the loan. Any loans that are modified,
whether through a new agreement replacing the old or via changes to an existing loan agreement, are reviewed by the Company to
identify if a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ) has occurred. A troubled debt restructuring occurs when, for economic
or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, the Company grants a concession to the borrower that it
would not otherwise consider. Terms may be modified to fit the ability of the borrower to repay in line with its current financial
status, and the restructuring of the loan may include the transfer of assets from the borrower to satisfy the debt, a modification
of loan terms, or a combination of the two. If such efforts by the Company do not result in a satisfactory arrangement, the loan
is referred to legal counsel, at which time foreclosure proceedings are initiated. At any time prior to a sale of the property
at foreclosure, the Company may terminate foreclosure proceedings if the borrower is able to work out a satisfactory payment plan. 

Nonaccrual loans, including TDRs that have not met
the six month minimum performance criterion, are reported in this report as non-performing loans. For all loan classes, it is
the Company s policy to have any restructured loans which are on nonaccrual status prior to being restructured remain on
nonaccrual status until six months of satisfactory borrower performance, at which time management would consider its return to
accrual status. A loan is generally classified as nonaccrual when the Company believes that receipt of principal and interest
is questionable under the terms of the loan agreement. Most generally, this is at 90 or more days past due. If the restructured
loan is on accrual status prior to being restructured, it is reviewed to determine if the restructured loan should remain on accrual
status. Loans that are considered TDR are classified as performing, unless they are on nonaccrual status or greater than 90 days
past due, as of the end of the most recent quarter. 

With regard to determination of the amount of the
allowance for credit losses, all accruing restructured loans are considered to be impaired. As a result, the determination of
the amount of impaired loans for each portfolio segment within troubled debt restructurings is the same as detailed previously
above. 

During the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited), there were no new restructurings classified as TDRs. No loans restructured during the
last twelve months defaulted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited). 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the
balance of real estate owned included $29,000, and $109,000, respectively, of foreclosed residential real estate properties recorded
as a result of obtaining physical possession of the property. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there
were $488,000 and $618,000, respectively, of residential real estate loans in process of foreclosure. 

NOTE 6: Disclosures About Fair
Value of Assets and Liabilities 

ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements , defines
fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. Topic 820 also specifies a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes
six levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

The standard describes three levels of inputs that
may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1  
     Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities  

Level 2  
     Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in
    markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
    the full term of the assets or liabilities.  

Level 3  
     Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the
    assets or liabilities  

Recurring Measurements 

The following is a description of the valuation methodologies
and inputs used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to
the valuation hierarchy. 

Available-for-Sale Securities 

Where quoted market prices are available in an active
market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available, then
fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash
flows. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S.
Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the
security s terms and conditions. Additionally, matrix pricing is used for certain investment securities and is a mathematical
technique widely used in the banking industry to value investment securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for
specific investment securities but rather relying on the investment securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted investment
securities. Level 2 securities include SBA loan pools, municipal bonds and mortgage-backed securities. At September 30, 2016 (unaudited)
and December 31, 2015, all mortgage-backed securities are residential government sponsored enterprises. In certain cases where
Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. 

Mortgage-Servicing Rights 

Mortgage-servicing rights do not trade in an active,
open market with readily observable prices. Accordingly, fair value is estimated using discounted cash flow models having significant
inputs of actual and expected mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates, servicing costs and other economic factors, which
are determined based on current market conditions. Due to the nature of the valuation inputs, mortgage-servicing rights are classified
within Level 3 of the hierarchy. Significant changes in any of the inputs could significantly impact the fair value measurement. 

Fair value determinations for Level 3 measurements
are the responsibility of the Finance Department. The Finance Department contracts with a pricing specialist to generate fair
value estimates on a quarterly basis. The Finance Department challenges the reasonableness of the assumptions used and reviews
the methodology to ensure the estimated fair value complies with accounting standards generally accepted in the United States.
Using the data from the quarterly valuation, the Finance Department adjusts to fair value on a monthly basis. 

The following tables present the fair value measurements
of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements
fall at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The following is a reconciliation of the beginning
and ending balances of recurring fair value measurements recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets using significant
unobservable (Level 3) inputs: 

Total unrealized gains and losses included in net
income reflected in the table above are included in other income. 

Nonrecurring Measurements 

The following is a description of the valuation methodologies
used for instruments measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, as well as the general classification of such instruments
pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 

Impaired Loans (Collateral Dependent) 

Loans, for which it is probable that the Company
will not collect all principal and interest due according to contractual terms, are measured for impairment. Allowable methods
for determining the amount of impairment include estimating fair value using the fair value of the collateral for collateral-dependent
loans. 

The fair values of collateral dependent impaired
loans are based on independent appraisals of the collateral. In general, the Company acquires an updated appraisal upon identification
of impairment and annually thereafter for commercial, commercial real estate and multi-family loans. If the most recent appraisal
is over a year old, and a new appraisal is not performed, due to lack of comparable values or other reasons, the existing appraisal
is utilized and discounted 25% - 35% based on the age of the appraisal, condition of the subject property, and overall economic
conditions. After determining the collateral value as described, the fair value is calculated based on the determined
collateral value less selling expenses. 

Impaired loans that are collateral dependent are
classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy when impairment is determined using the fair value method. 

The following tables present the fair value measurements
of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which
the fair value measurements fall: 

December 31, 2015     

Fair Value Measurements
    Using     

Fair   Value       
     Quoted Prices  in
    Active  Markets for  Identical  Assets  (Level 1)       
     Significant   Other 
    Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)       
     Significant  Unobservable 
    Inputs  (Level 3)     

(In Thousands)     
 
     Impaired loans    
     $  1,857       
     $          
     $          
     $  1,857     

Unobservable (Level 3) Inputs 

The following table presents quantitative information
about unobservable inputs used in recurring and nonrecurring Level 3 fair value measurements. 

Sensitivity of Significant Unobservable Inputs   

The following is a discussion of the sensitivity
of significant unobservable inputs, the interrelationships between those inputs and other unobservable inputs used in recurring
fair value measurement and of how those inputs might magnify or mitigate the effect of changes in unobservable inputs on the fair
value measurement. 

Mortgage  Servicing Rights    

The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair
value measurement of the Company s mortgage-servicing rights are discount rates, conditional prepayment rates and expected
loan servicing years. Significant increases or decreases in any of those inputs in isolation would result in a significant change
in the fair value measurement. 

The following methods were used to estimate the fair value
of all other financial instruments recognized in the accompanying balance sheets at amounts other than fair value. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Federal Home
Loan Bank Stock, Interest Receivable and Interest Payable 

The carrying amount approximates fair value. 

Loans Held for Sale 

Loans held for sale are based on current market prices 

Loans 

The
fair value of loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the market rates at which similar loans would be made
to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Loans with similar characteristics were aggregated
for purposes of the calculations.  

Deposits 

Deposits include demand deposits, savings accounts,
NOW accounts and certain money market deposits. The carrying amount approximates fair value. The fair value of fixed-maturity
time deposits is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies the rates currently offered for deposits of similar
remaining maturities. 

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 

Rates currently available to the Company for debt
with similar terms and remaining maturities are used to estimate the fair value of existing debt. Fair value of long-term debt
is based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes for the identical liability when traded as an asset in an active market. If
a quoted market price is not available, an expected present value technique is used to estimate fair value. 

The following table presents estimated fair values
of the Company s financial instruments at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015. 

NOTE 7: Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers.  The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective.  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, "Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)," which clarifies the guidance in determining revenue recognition as principal versus agent.  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, "Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing," which provides guidance in accounting for immaterial performance obligations and shipping and handling.  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12, "Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients," which provides clarification on assessing the collectability criterion, presentation of sales taxes, measurement date for noncash consideration and completed contracts at transition.  This ASU also provides a practical expedient for contract modifications. 

These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods with that reporting period, as deferred by ASU 2015-14.  Early application is permitted as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within the reporting period.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting these amendments. 

In January 2015, FASB issued ASU, 2015-1,
  Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items .  The Board issued
this Update as part of its initiative to reduce complexity in accounting standards (the Simplification Initiative). The objective
of the Simplification Initiative is to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining or improving the usefulness of the information provided to the
users of financial statements. 

This Update eliminates from GAAP the concept
of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20, Income Statement Extraordinary and Unusual Items, required that an entity separately
classify, present, and disclose extraordinary events and transactions. Presently, an event or transaction is presumed to be an
ordinary and usual activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its classification as an extraordinary item.
Paragraph 225-20-45-2 contains the following criteria that must both be met for extraordinary classification: 

1.  Unusual nature. The underlying event
                                         or transaction should possess a high degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly unrelated
                                         to, or only incidentally related to, the ordinary and typical activities of the entity,
                                         taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.   

2.  Infrequency of occurrence. The underlying
                                         event or transaction should be of a type that would not reasonably be expected to recur
                                         in the foreseeable future, taking into account the environment in which the entity operates.   

If an event or transaction meets the criteria
for extraordinary classification, an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from the results of ordinary operations
and show the item separately in the income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing operations. The entity also is
required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary
item. 

The amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. A reporting entity may apply
the amendments prospectively. A reporting entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented
in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal
year of adoption. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities. 

For an entity that prospectively applies
the guidance, the only required transition disclosure will be to disclose, if applicable, both the nature and the amount of an
item included in income from continuing operations after adoption that adjusts an extraordinary item previously classified and
presented before the date of adoption. An entity retrospectively applying the guidance should provide the disclosures in paragraphs
250-10-50-1 through 50-2. The company adopted the methodologies prescribed by this ASU by the date required. Adoption of the ASU
did not a have a significant effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-01, Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10):
Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.     ASU 2016-01, among other
things, (i) requires equity investments, with certain exceptions, to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in net income, (ii) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable
fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment, (iii) eliminates the requirement for public
business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be
disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet, (iv) requires public business entities
to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, (v) requires an
entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability
resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair
value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments, (vi) requires separate presentation of financial
assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying
notes to the financial statements and (vii) clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a
deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s other deferred tax assets.
The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2017. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) .  Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities
for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current GAAP, the recognition, measurement, and presentation
of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating
lease. However, unlike current GAAP, which requires only capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet, the new ASU will
require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2018, including interim periods therein. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the
new guidance on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, as part of its Simplification
Initiative, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09 , Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accountin g, ( ASU 2016-09 ) which finalizes Proposed ASU No. 2015-270 of the same name, and seeks to reduce
complexity in accounting standards. The areas for simplification in ASU No. 2016-09, involve several aspects of the accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including (1) accounting for income taxes, (2) classification of excess tax benefits on
the statement of cash flow, (3) forfeitures, (4) minimum statutory tax withholding requirements, (5) classification of employee
taxes paid on the statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares for tax withholding purposes, (6) the practical expedient
for estimating the expected term, and (7) intrinsic value. Application is effective for annual periods beginning after December
15, 2016, and for interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this
guidance. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326). The ASU is intended to improve financial reporting by requiring timelier
recording of credit losses on loans and other financial instruments held by financial institutions and other organizations. The
ASU requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical
experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will
now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied
today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit
losses. Organizations will continue to use judgment to determine which loss estimation method is appropriate for their circumstances.
The ASU requires enhanced disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand significant estimates
and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an organization s
portfolio. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements that provide additional information about the amounts
recorded in the financial statements. In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt
securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The ASU is effective for SEC filers for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early application will be permitted for all organizations
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact adopting this ASU. 

In August 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,
Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues
Task Force). The amendments in this Update provide guidance on eight cash flow issues where current Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles is either unclear or does not include specific guidance. The eight cash flow issues are as follows: 

1.  Debt prepayment or debt extinguishment
                                         costs   

2.  Settlement of zero-coupon debt
                                         instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant
                                         in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing   

3.  Contingent consideration payments
                                         made after a business combination   

4.  Proceeds from the settlement of
                                         insurance claims   

5.  Proceeds from the settlement of
                                         corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies   

6.  Distribution received from equity
                                         method investees   

7.  Beneficial interest in securitization
                                         transactions   

8.  Separately identifiable cash flows
                                         and application of the predominance principle   

The amendments are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including
adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected
as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all
of the amendments in the same period. The adoptions of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 8: Earnings per Share  

The Company has granted stock compensation awards with non-forfeitable
dividend rights, which are considered participating securities. Accordingly, earnings per share (EPS) is computed using the two-class
method as required by ASC 260-10-45. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income allocated to common stock by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding during the period which excludes the participating securities. Diluted EPS includes the dilutive
effect of additional potential common shares from stock compensation awards, but excludes awards considered participating securities.
ESOP shares are not considered outstanding for EPS until they are earned. The following table presents the computation of basic
and diluted EPS for the periods indicated (in thousands, except for share and per share data): 

NOTE 9: Share Based Compensation
(Unaudited)  

In May 2013, the Company s stockholders approved
the West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan ( Plan ) which provides for awards of stock
options and restricted stock to officers, employees, and outside directors. The cost of the Plan is based on the fair value
of the awards on the grant date. The fair value of restricted stock awards is based on the closing price of the
Company s stock on the grant date. The fair value of stock options is estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing
model using assumptions for dividend yield, stock price volatility, risk-free interest rate, and option term. These
assumptions are based on management s judgments regarding future events, are subjective in nature, and contain
uncertainties inherent in an estimate. The cost of the awards are being recognized on a straight-line basis over the
five-year vesting period during which participants are required to provide services in exchange for the awards. 

Until such time as awards of stock are granted and vest or
options are exercised, shares of the Company s common stock under the Plan shall be authorized but unissued shares. The
maximum number of shares authorized under the plan is 196,140. Total share-based  compensation expense for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was $73,000 and $216,000. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $71,000 and
$212,000. 

Stock Options  

The table below represents the stock option activity for the
period shown: 

At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 the Company had $155,000 and $182,000 of unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options.  The cost
of stock options will be amortized in monthly installments over the five-year vesting period.  Exercisable
options vested in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 25,560, and 25,060, respectively. Stock option expense
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $20,000, $58,000, $18,000 and $55,000 respectively. The aggregate
grant date fair value of the stock options granted in 2016 was $32,000. The total intrinsic value of options as of September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015 was $847,000 and $474,000, respectively. The total intrinsic value of exercisable options as of September
30, 2016 and 2015 was $473,000 and $182,000 respectively. The total intrinsic value of the options exercised during the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0, $0, $9,000 and $9,000.  

The fair value of the Company s stock options granted
in 2016 was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing formula. The following assumptions were used in the formula: 

Expected volatility - Based on the historical volatility of
share price for similar companies. 

Risk-free interest rate - Based on the U.S. Treasury yield
curve and expected life of the options at the time of grant. 

Dividend yield - West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc. pays a regular
quarterly dividend of $0.06 per share. 

Expected life   Based on average of the five year vesting
period and the ten year contractual term of the stock option plan. 

Exercise price for the stock options - Based on the closing
price of the Company s stock on the date of grant. 

Restricted Stock Awards  

Restricted stock awards are accounted for as fixed grants using
the fair value of the Company s stock at the time of the grant. Unvested restricted stock awards may not be disposed of
or transferred during the vesting period. Restricted stock awards carry with them the right to receive dividends. 

The table below presents the restricted stock award activity
for the period shown: 

As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the Company
had $360,000 and $570,000 of unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock awards. The cost of the restricted
stock awards will be amortized in monthly installments over the five-year vesting period. Restricted stock expense for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 was, $53,000, $158,000, $53,000 and $157,000, respectively. 

NOTE 10: Employee Stock Ownership
Plan  

As part of the conversion, the Bank established     an
Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) covering substantially all employees. The ESOP acquired 112,080 shares of Company common
stock at $10 per share in the conversion with funds provided by a loan from the Company. Accordingly, $1,121,000 of common stock
acquired by the ESOP was shown as a reduction of stockholders  equity. Shares are released to participants proportionately
as the loan is repaid. Dividends on allocated shares are recorded as dividends and charged to retained earnings. Dividends on
unallocated shares are used to repay the loan and are treated as compensation expense. Compensation expense is recorded equal
to the fair market value of the stock when contributions, which are determined annually by the Board of Directors, are made to
the ESOP. 

ESOP expense for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 was $35,000 and $99,000. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $31,000 and $89,000. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015
the fair value of the 21,583 and 16,812 allocated shares held by the ESOP was $544,000 and $379,000, respectively . 

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion
    and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

General  

Management s discussion and analysis
of the financial condition and results of operations at and for three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is intended
to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of operations of the Company on a consolidated basis. The information
contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto, appearing
on Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10- Q. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This quarterly report contains forward-looking
statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as  estimate,   project,   believe, 
 intend,   anticipate,   plan,   seek,   expect,   will, 
 may  and words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

statements
                                         of our goals, intentions and expectations;     

statements
                                         regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies;     

statements
                                         regarding the asset quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and     

estimates
                                         of our risks and future costs and benefits.     

These forward-looking statements are based
on our current beliefs and expectations and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties
and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions
with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. We are under no duty to and do not take any
obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this quarterly report. 

The following factors, among others, could
cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking
statements: 

general
                                         economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected;

competition
                                         among depository and other financial institutions;    

our
                                         success in continuing to emphasize consumer lending, including indirect automobile lending;

our
                                         ability to improve our asset quality even as we increase our non-residential lending;    

our
                                         success in maintaining our commercial and multi-family real estate and our non-owner
                                         occupied one- to four-family residential real estate and commercial business lending;    

changes
                                         in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of
                                         our financial instruments;    

adverse
                                         changes in the securities markets;     

changes
                                         in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including
                                         changes in deposit insurance premiums, regulatory fees and capital requirements, which
                                         increase our compliance costs;     

our
                                         ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities;     

changes
                                         in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits;     

changes
                                         in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies,
                                         the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission and
                                         the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board;     

changes
                                         in our organization, compensation and benefit plans;    

loan
                                         delinquencies and changes in the underlying cash flows of our borrowers;    

changes
                                         in our financial condition or results of operations that reduce capital available to
                                         pay dividends; and    

changes
                                         in the financial condition or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own.    

Critical Accounting Policies 

There are no material changes to the critical
accounting policies disclosed in West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2016. 

Comparison of Financial Condition at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015  

Total assets increased $14.5 million, or
5.4%, to $285.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $271.0 million at December 31, 2015. The growth was the result of increases
in net loans of $14.6 million and in cash and cash equivalents of $3.4 million, offset by a decrease in investment securities
available for sale of $3.9 million.  

Net loans increased $14.6 million, or 6.7%,
to $232.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $218.0 million at December 31, 2015, due to increases in commercial real estate and
multi-family loans of $4.4 million, construction loans of $4.0 million, and indirect consumer loans of $5.3 million. Total loans
held for sale decreased $1.6 million. Total non-performing loans decreased $489,000 to $3.5 million at September 30, 2016 from
$4.0 million at December 31, 2015. 

Securities available for
sale decreased $3.9 million, or 13.9%, to $24.2 million at September 30, 2016 from $28.1 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease
is primarily the result of $8.3 million of securities sold and cash flow of $3.1 million from maturities and pay downs on mortgage
backed securities offset by $7.5 million in purchases of securities available for sale. At September 30, 2016, securities available for sale consisted of mortgage-backed securities and municipal obligations. 

Total cash and cash equivalents increased
$3.4 million, or 50.0%, to $10.2 million at September 30, 2016 from $6.8 million at December 31, 2015. The increase in total cash
and cash equivalents reflected normal fluctuations in balances for funding daily operations. 

Deposits increased $8.5 million, or 3.9%,
to $223.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $215.3 million at December 31, 2015. The growth was due to increases in non-interest
bearing checking accounts of $2.8 million, interest bearing checking accounts of $2.5 million, certificates of deposit accounts
of $831,000, and savings accounts of $2.8 million, offset by a decrease in money market accounts of $477,000. 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances increased
$5.0 million to $32.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $27.0 million at December 31, 2015. 

Total equity increased $1.2 million
to $28.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $27.4 million at December 31, 2015. The increase was a result of net income of
$1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, along with an increase to accumulated other comprehensive income
of $137,000 and ESOP and stock based compensation expense of $315,000, offset by dividends paid to shareholders of $178,000
and stock repurchases of $529,000. 

Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

General.   We recorded net
income of $474,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $482,000 for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. The decrease to net income resulted from increases in the provision for loan losses of $172,000, other expenses of $22,000,
provision for income taxes of $22,000 and a decrease to other income of $12,000, offset by an increase in net interest income
of $220,000. 

Interest Income.   Interest
income increased $231,000, or 7.0%, to $3.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $3.3 million for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of total interest-earning assets increased $1.0 million, or 0.4%, to $266.7 million
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $265.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The average yield on interest-earning
assets increased 34 basis point to 5.21% for the 2016 period from 4.87% for the 2015 period. 

Interest income on loans increased $286,000,
or 9.2%, to $3.4 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $3.1 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015,
as the average balance on loans and the average weighted yield on loans both increased. The average balance of net loans increased
$18.9 million, or 8.7%, to $234.0 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $215.1 million for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. The average weighted yield on our loan portfolio increased 4 basis points to 5.73% for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 from 5.69% for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, as the mix of the loan portfolio changed with the increase in higher
yielding indirect auto loans. 

Interest income on investment securities
decreased $55,000 to $103,000 for the 2016 quarter from $158,000 for the 2015 quarter. The average balance of our securities available
for sale decreased $10.1 million, or 29.5%, to $24.1 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $34.2 million for the
quarter ended September 30, 2015, as management deployed funds from sales of securities to fund loans. The average yield on our
securities portfolio decreased 13 basis points, to 1.70% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from 1.83% for the quarter ended
September 30, 2015. 

Interest Expense   .  Interest
expense increased $11,000, or 2.4%, to $473,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $462,000 for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. The average rate paid on deposits increased 4 basis points to 0.74% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from 0.70%
for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, as the average balance of savings accounts, certificate of deposits, interest bearing
checking and money market accounts all increased. The average balance of total deposits increased $8.5 million, or 4.4%, to $201.4
million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $192.9 million from the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

The average balance of our certificates
of deposit increased $924,000, or 0.9%, to $106.4 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, from $105.5 million for the
quarter ended September 30, 2015. The rate paid on certificate of deposits increased 11 basis points to 1.19% for the 2016 period
from 1.08% for the 2015 period. Checking, money market and savings accounts interest expense remained relatively unchanged at
$56,000 for the quarter ending September 30, 2016 from $54,000 for the quarter ending September 30, 2015. 

Interest expense on borrowed funds, consisting
entirely of Federal Home Loan Bank advances, decreased $21,000, or 17.4%, to $100,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
from $121,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Interest Income.   Net
interest income increased $220,000, or 7.9%, to $3.0 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $2.8 million for the
quarter ended September 30, 2015. Our net interest rate spread increased to 4.40% from 4.04%, and our net interest margin increased
to 4.53% from 4.21% quarter to quarter. 

Provision for Loan Losses.   Based
on our analysis of the factors described in  Critical Accounting Policies   Allowance for Loan Losses,  we recorded
a provision for loan losses of $534,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $172,000 from $362,000 allocated
for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The increase to the provision was based on management s quarterly analysis of
the loan portfolio and credit quality indicators including charge off trends and qualitative factors. The allowance for loan losses
was $2.4 million, or 1.02% of total loans, at September 30, 2016, compared to $2.1 million or 0.99% of total loans, at September
30, 2015. This increase was due primarily to increased balances in our loan portfolio of $19.5 million from September 30, 2015
to September 30, 2016. Non-performing loans including troubled debt restructuring decreased to $3.5 million at September 30, 2016
from $4.5 million at September 30, 2015. To the best of our knowledge, we have provided for all losses that are both probable
and reasonable to estimate at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Other Income   .  Other
income decreased $12,000, or 2.9%, to $397,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $409,000 for the quarter ended September
30, 2015. The decrease was due to the increase in loss on other assets of $114,000 due in part to a partial write down of $99,000
on a commercial property included in foreclosed real estate held for sale offset by an increase in gains on sale of securities
of $102,000. 

Other Expense.     Other
expense remained steady at $2.1 million for both the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Income Tax Expense.   We recorded
$287,000 of income tax expense for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to a $265,000 income tax expense for the 2015
period, reflecting income of $761,000 before income tax expense during the 2016 quarter versus income before income tax expense
of $747,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Our effective tax rate was 37.7% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
compared to 35.4% for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

Comparison of Operating Results for the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015  

General.   Net income increased
to $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of $1.3 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in net income was due primarily to increases in interest income and total other income, offset
by increases to the provision for loan losses, interest expense and total other expense. 

Interest Income.   Interest
income increased $561,000, or 5.9%, to $10.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $9.5 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of total interest-earning assets increased $8.4 million, or 3.3%, to $263.8
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $255.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The average
yield on total interest-earning assets increased 13 basis points to 5.12% for the 2016 period from 4.99% for the 2015 period.
The increase in the average weighted rate earned was due to a change in the asset mix. Loans, which generally carry a higher interest
rate than investments and other interest-earning deposits, were a higher percentage of interest-earning assets for 2016, as compared
to 2015. 

Interest income and fees on loans increased
$763,000, or 8.6%, to $9.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $8.9 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, as the increase in the average balance of loans was partially offset by a decrease in the average yield on loans. The
average balance of loans increased $20.8 million, or 10.0%, to $228.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from
$207.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. However, the average yield on the loan portfolio decreased 8 basis
points to 5.68% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 5.76% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting
the continued low interest rate environment. 

Interest income on investment securities
decreased $204,000, or 38.3%, to $329,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $533,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease resulted primarily from a decrease in the average balance of securities available for sale, which
decreased $13.0 million, or 34.0%, to $25.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $38.2 million for the 2015
period. The average yield on the securities portfolio decreased to 1.74% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 1.86%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, resulting from the sale of high yielding municipal bonds to increase cash flow and
fund loan growth. 

Interest Expense.   Interest
expense increased $152,000, or 11.7%, to $1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.3 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, as both the cost of deposits and the average balance of deposits increased. The average rate
paid on deposits increased 8 basis points to 0.74% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.66% for nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The average balance of interest-bearing deposits increased $10.6 million, or 5.6%, to $198.8 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $188.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in the average
balance of our deposits resulted from increases in interest bearing checking and money market accounts of $569,000 savings of
$3.1 million and certificate of deposits of $6.9 million. In addition, the interest expense of total deposits increased $168,000
to $1.1 million from $935,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The average balance of our certificates
of deposit increased $6.9 million, or 6.9%, to $106.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $99.9 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Interest expense on certificates of deposits increased $170,000 or 22.1% to $939,000
for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from $769,000 for the year-earlier period. The rate paid on certificate of deposits increased
15 basis points to 1.18% for the 2016 period from 1.03% for the 2015 period. The increased rate paid is due to Financial Institution
certificates of deposit used to fund loan growth for the period. 

Interest expense on borrowed funds, consisting
entirely of Federal Home Loan Bank advances, decreased $16,000 or 4.6%, to $329,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
from $345,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting an decrease of 8 basis points in the rate paid to 1.46%
for period ending September 30, 2016 from 1.54% for the period ending September 30, 2015. 

Net Interest Income.   Net
interest income increased $409,000, or 4.9%, to $8.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $8.3 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our net interest rate spread increased to 4.28% for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 from 4.21% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and net interest margin increased to 4.38% for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 4.31% for nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Provision for Loan Losses..   Based
on our analysis of the factors described in  Critical Accounting Policies   Allowance for Loan Losses,  provision
for loan losses of $1.3 million was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $992,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses was $2.4 million, or 1.02% of total loans, at September 30, 2016, compared to
$2.1 million, or 0.99% of total loans, at September 30, 2015. The increase in the provision and the related allowance for loan
losses was primarily due to loan growth. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-performing loans increased to 67.8%
at September 30, 2016 from 48.1% at September 30, 2015. Total nonperforming loans were $3.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared
with $4.4 million at September 30, 2015. To the best of our knowledge, we have provided for all losses that are both probable
and reasonable to estimate at September 30, 2016. 

Other Income.    Other
income increased $398,000, or 36.2%, to $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.1 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in gain on sale of loans of $471,000, an increase
in gains on sale of securities of $102,000 and an increase in service charges on deposit accounts of $71,000, offset by a loss
on other assets of $253,000. The increase in gain on sale of loans was primarily due to the sale of the guaranteed portion of
two SBA loans. The increase in loss on other assets was due primarily to a write down of $99,000 on a commercial property included
in foreclosed real estate held for sale and losses of $102,000 taken on the disposal of premises and equipment. 

Other Expense.   
 Other expense increased $238,000, or 3.7%, to $6.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $6.4 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase of $223,000 in other expenses which
consisted of expenses related to repossession of collateral, software, and repairs and maintenance. 

Income Tax Expense.   Income
tax expense of $822,000 was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $719,000 of income tax expense for
the 2015 period, reflecting income of $2.3 million before income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared
to income before income tax expense of $2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our effective tax rate was 35.9%
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, compared to 35.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources.
  Our primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, proceeds from sale
of loans, proceeds from maturities and calls of securities, and Federal Home Loan Bank advances. While maturities and scheduled
amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced
by general interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. Our most liquid assets are cash and short-term investments including
interest-bearing demand deposits. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, financing, lending, and investing
activities during any given period. 

Our cash flows are comprised of three primary
classifications: cash flows from operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities. Net cash provided by operating
activities was $5.1 million and $2.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Net cash (used)
in investing activities, which consists primarily of disbursements for loan originations and the purchase of securities, offset
by principal collections on loans, proceeds from the sale of loans and securities and proceeds from maturing securities and pay
downs on mortgage-backed securities, was $(14.6 million) and $(11.9 million) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities, consisting primarily of the activity in deposit accounts and Federal
Home Loan Bank advances, was $12.8 million and $13.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

At September 30, 2016, we exceeded all
of our regulatory capital requirements with a Tier 1 (core) capital level of $27.6 million, or 9.8% of adjusted total assets,
which is above the required level of $11.2 million, or 4%; and total risk-based capital of $30.0 million, or 13.3% of risk-weighted
assets, which is above the required level of $18.0 million, or 8%. Accordingly, West End Bank, S.B. was categorized as well capitalized
at September 30, 2016. Management is not aware of any conditions or events since the most recent notification that would change
our category. 

At September 30, 2016, we had outstanding
commitments to originate loans of $22.0 million and stand-by letters of credit of $463,000. We anticipate that we will have sufficient
funds available to meet our current loan origination commitments. Certificates of deposit that are scheduled to mature in less
than one year from September 30, 2016 totaled $57.4 million. Management expects that a substantial portion of the maturing certificates
of deposit will be renewed. However, if a substantial portion of these deposits is not retained, we may utilize Federal Home Loan
Bank advances or raise interest rates on deposits to attract new accounts, which may result in higher levels of interest expense. 

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative
    Disclosures About Market Risk    

Not applicable, as the Registrant is a
smaller reporting company. 

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures    

An evaluation was performed
under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and
the and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of September
30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

During the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, there have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II   Other Information  

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings     

We are subject to various
legal actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management, the resolution of these legal actions is
not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors    

Not applicable, as the Registrant is a
smaller reporting company. 

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity
    Securities and Use of Proceeds     

(a)  There were no sales of unregistered securities during the period
                                         covered by this Report.   

(b)  Not applicable.   

(c)         On May 25, 2016 the Board of Directors authorized
a continuation of its stock repurchase program pursuant to which the Company may repurchase 5% of its common stock outstanding
as of May 25, 2016, or approximately 56,000 shares. 

The following table presents for the periods indicated
a summary of the purchases made by or on behalf of the company of shares of its common stock. 

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities     

None. 

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not Applicable. 

Item 5.   
       Other Information     

None. 

Item 6.   
       Exhibits     

101.INS  
      XBRL Instance Document.   

101.SCH  
      XBRL Schema Document.   

101.CAL  
      XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document.   

101.DEF  
      XBRL Definition Linkbase Document.   

101.LAB  
      XBRL Label Linkbase Document.   

101.PRE  
      Presentation Linkbase Document   

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

WEST END INDIANA BANCSHARES, INC.   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/ Timothy R. Frame   

Timothy R. Frame   

President/Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/ Shelley D. Miller   

Shelley D. Miller   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial   
     Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600735_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Timothy R. Frame, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of West End Indiana
                                         Bancshares, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
                                         of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
                                         made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
                                         with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and
                                         other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
                                         the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
                                         and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
                                         for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
                                         reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
                                         and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
                                         that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary,
                                         is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
                                         which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
                                         caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
                                         to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                                         the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
                                         accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
                                         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                                         of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                                         report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
                                         control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
                                         quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
                                         has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's
                                         internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
                                         based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
                                         the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
                                         of directors:   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                                         design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
                                         likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
                                         and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                                         or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/ Timothy R. Frame   

Timothy R. Frame   

President/Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600735_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Shelley D. Miller, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of West End Indiana
                                         Bancshares, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
                                         of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
                                         made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
                                         with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and
                                         other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
                                         the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of,
                                         and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
                                         for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
                                         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
                                         that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
                                         is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
                                         which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
                                         caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
                                         to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                                         the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
                                         accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
                                         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
                                         of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                                         report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
                                         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
                                         most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                                         affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
                                         based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
                                         the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
                                         of directors:   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
                                         design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
                                         likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
                                         and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                                         or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/ Shelley D. Miller   

Shelley D. Miller   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial   
     Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 t1600735_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

Timothy R. Frame, President
and Chief Executive Officer of West End Indiana Bancshares, Inc., (the  Company ) and Shelley D. Miller, Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify in his capacity as an officer of the Company that he has reviewed
the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) and that to the best of
his knowledge: 

1.  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections
                                         13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
                                         all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/ Timothy R. Frame   

Timothy R. Frame   

President/Chief Executive Officer   

Date:  November 14, 2016  
       
      /s/ Shelley D. Miller   

Shelley D. Miller   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial   
     Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 wein-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wein-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wein-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wein-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wein-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wein-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

