<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_50471_0001654954-16-003583_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1956529</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>59825</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>111195</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>643308</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>692310</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>389809</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-003583.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107163122
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-003583
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PARK CITY GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050471
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				371454128
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34941
		FILM NUMBER:		161978528

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		299 S. MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2370
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		435-645-2100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		299 S. MAIN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2370
		CITY:			SALT LAKE CITY
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIELDS TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010626

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERINET GROUP COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EQUITY GROWTH SYSTEMS INC /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951214

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-003583.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 pcyg10q_sept302016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

SEC Connect 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-Q  

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For the transition period from __________ to
_________. 

Commission File Number 001-34941 

PARK CITY GROUP, INC.  

(Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its
charter) 

Nevada  

37-1454128  

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization) 

(IRS Employer Identification No.) 

Indicate by check market whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes  
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Sec.232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 Yes   No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large-accelerated filer,   accelerated
filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by checkmark if whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
   Yes     No 

State the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable
date:  Common Stock, $0.01 par value, 19,346,383 shares
as of November 7, 2016. 

PARK CITY GROUP, INC. 

T ABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I -  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1.   

Financial
Statements   

Consolidated
Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)
and June 30, 2016  

1  

Consolidated
Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  

2 

Consolidated
Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three Months
Ended September, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  

3 

Consolidated
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  

4 

Notes to
Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements  

5 

Item
2.  

Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  

9  

Item
3.  

Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

16 

Item
4.  

Controls and
Procedures  

17 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1.  

Legal
Proceedings  

18  

Item
1A.  

Risk
Factors  

18 

Item
2.  

Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

18  

Item
3.  

Defaults Upon
Senior Securities  

18 

Item
5.  

Other
Information  

18 

Item
6.  

Exhibits  

18 

Signature  

18 

Exhibit
31  

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.  

Exhibit
32  

Certification
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

-i- 

Table of Contents  

PARK CITY GROUP, INC. 

Consolidated Condensed    B alance Sheets 

See accompanying notes to consolidated condensed financial
statements. 

-1- 

Table of Contents  

PARK CITY GROUP, INC. 

Consolidated Condensed  S tatements of
 O perations
(unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated condensed financial
statements. 

-2- 

Table of Contents  

PARK CITY GROUP, INC. 

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive  I ncome (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated condensed financial
statements. 

-3- 

Table of Contents  

PARK CITY GROUP, INC. 

Consolidated Condensed Statements of    C ash Flows
(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated condensed financial
statements. 

-4- 

Table of Contents  

PARK CITY GROUP, INC. 

N OTES TO CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(unaudited) 

NOTE 1.  DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

The Company is incorporated in the state of
Nevada. The Company has three subsidiaries, PC Group, Inc.
(formerly, Park City Group, Inc.), a Utah Corporation (98.76%
owned), Park City Group, Inc., (formerly, Prescient Applied
Intelligence, Inc.), a Delaware Corporation (100% owned) and
ReposiTrak, Inc., a Utah corporation (100% owned)
(   ReposiTrak   ). All intercompany transactions and
balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  

The Company designs, develops, markets and
supports proprietary software products. These products are designed
for businesses having multiple locations to assist in the
management of business operations on a daily basis and communicate
results of operations in a timely manner. In addition, the Company
has built a consulting practice for business improvement that
centers on the Company s proprietary software products. The
principal markets for the Company's products are multi-store retail
and convenience store chains, branded food manufacturers, suppliers
and distributors, and manufacturing companies, which have
operations in North America, Europe, Asia and the Pacific Rim. As a
result of the acquisition of ReposiTrak, Inc.
(   ReposiTrak   ) in June 2015, as more particularly
described below, the Company also provides food, pharmaceutical,
and dietary supplement retailers and suppliers with a robust
cloud-based solution to help protect their brands and remain in
compliance with business records and regulatory requirements, such
as the Food Safety Modernization Act (   FSMA   ) and the Drug Quality and Security Act
(   DQSA   ).  

Our
services are delivered through proprietary software products
designed, developed, marketed and supported by the Company. 
These products are designed to facilitate improved business
processes among all key constituents in the supply chain, starting
with the retailer and moving back to suppliers and eventually raw
material providers.  In addition, the Company has also built a
consulting practice for business improvement that centers on the
Company s proprietary software products and through
establishment of a neutral and  trusted  third party
relationship between retailers and suppliers. The principal markets
for the Company's products are multi-store retail and convenience
store chains, branded food manufacturers, suppliers and
distributors, and manufacturing companies, which have operations in
North America, Europe, Asia and the Pacific Rim. 

Basis of Financial Statement Presentation 

The
interim financial information of the Company as of September 30,
2016 and for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is
unaudited, and the balance sheet as of June 30, 2016 is derived
from audited financial statements. The accompanying condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles for interim
financial statements. Accordingly, they omit or condense notes and
certain other information normally included in financial statements
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. The accounting policies followed for quarterly
financial reporting conform with the accounting policies disclosed
in Note 2 to the Notes to Financial Statements included in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. In the
opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair
presentation of the financial information for the interim periods
reported have been made. All such adjustments are of a normal
recurring nature. The results of operations for the three months
ended September 31, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the
results that can be expected for the fiscal year ending June 30,
2017. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and the notes thereto included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016. 

NOTE 2.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Principles of Consolidation 

The
financial statements presented herein reflect the consolidated
financial position of Park City Group, Inc. and
subsidiaries.  All inter-company transactions and
balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

-5- 

Table of Contents  

Use of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that materially affect the
amounts reported in the consolidated financial
statements.  Actual results could differ from these
estimates.  The methods, estimates and judgments the
Company uses in applying its most critical accounting policies have
a significant impact on the results it reports in its financial
statements.  The Securities and Exchange
Commission has defined the most critical accounting policies
as those that are most important to the portrayal of the
Company s financial condition and results, and require the
Company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often
as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are
inherently uncertain.  Based on this definition, the
Company s most critical accounting policies
include:  income taxes, goodwill and other long-lived
asset valuations, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation,
and capitalization of software development costs. 

Earnings Per Share 

Basic net income or loss per common share
(   Basic EPS   ) excludes dilution and is computed by
dividing net income or loss by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net
income or loss per common share (   Diluted EPS   ) reflects the potential dilution that
could occur if stock options or other contracts to issue shares of
common stock were exercised or converted into common
stock.  The computation of Diluted EPS does not assume
exercise or conversion of securities that would have an
anti-dilutive effect on net income (loss) per common
share.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2015 warrants to purchase
1,426,178 shares of common stock, respectively, were not included
in the computation of diluted EPS due to the anti-dilutive
effect.  Warrants to purchase shares of common stock were
outstanding at prices ranging from $3.50 to $10.00 per share at
September 30, 2016. 

Reclassifications  

Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform with
the current year's presentation. 

-6- 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 3.  EQUITY 

During
the 3 months ended September 30, 2016 the Company issued 1,395
shares to its directors and 69,124 shares to employees and
consultants under the Company s stock compensation plans,
53,637 of which are included in the rollforward of Restricted Stock
units below. 

Restricted Stock Units 

As of September 30,
2016, there was approximately $5.8 million of unrecognized
stock-based compensation expense under our equity compensation
plans, which is expected to be recognized on a straight line basis
over a weighted average period of 4.38 years. 

Warrants 

The following tables summarize
information about warrants outstanding and exercisable at September
30, 2016:  

As of September 30,
2016, there was approximately $5.8 million of unrecognized
stock-based compensation expense under our equity compensation
plans, which is expected to be recognized on a straight line basis
over a weighted average period of 4.38 years. 

Preferred Stock 

The Company s certificate of incorporation
currently authorizes the issuance of up to 30,000,000 shares of
 blank check  preferred stock with designations,
rights, and preferences as may be determined from time to time by
the Company s Board of Directors, of which 700,000 shares are
currently designated as Series B Preferred Stock
(   Series B
Preferred    ) and
300,000 shares are designated as Series B-1 Preferred Stock
(    Series B-1
Preferred    ). 
Both classes of Series B Preferred Stock pay dividends at a rate of
7% per annum if paid by the Company in cash, or 9% if paid by the
Company in PIK Shares, the Company may elect to pay accrued
dividends on outstanding shares of Series B Preferred in either
cash or by the issuance of additional shares of Series B Preferred
(    PIK
Shares    ).  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company issued
18,011 shares for dividends in kind and 10,000 shares in
satisfaction of an accrued bonus payable to the Company's
CEO. 

NOTE 4.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

During the three months ended September 30,
2016, the Company continued to be a party to a Service Agreement
with Fields Management, Inc. (   FMI   ), pursuant to which FMI provided certain
executive management services to the Company, including designating
Randall K. Fields to perform the functions of President and Chief
Executive Officer for the Company. Mr. Fields also serves as the
Company s Chairman of the Board of Directors
and controls FMI.  

The
Company had payables of $54,478 and $32,253 to FMI at September 30,
2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively, under this
agreement. 

-7- 

Table of Contents  

NOTE 5.  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments. Historically, there has been a diversity in practice in
how certain cash receipts/payments are presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows under Topic 230. To reduce the existing
diversity in practice, this update addresses multiple cash flow
issues. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company notes
that this guidance applies to its reporting requirements and will
implement the new guidance accordingly. 

In
May 2014, August 2015, April 2016 and May 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (" FASB ") issued ASU 2014-09 (ASC Topic
606), Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  ASU 2015-14
(ASC Topic 606) Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Deferral of
the Effective Date,  ASU 2016-10 (ASC Topic 606) Revenue
from Contracts with Customers, Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing , and ASU 2016-12 (ASC Topic 606) Revenue from
Contracts with Customers, Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical
Expedients,  respectively. ASC Topic 606 outlines a
single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for
revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most
current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific
guidance. It also requires entities to disclose both quantitative
and qualitative information that enable financial statements users
to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of
revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The
amendments in these ASUs are effective for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those years, beginning after
December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016. This standard may
be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or
retrospectively with a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings
in the year of adoption. The Company is in the process of assessing
the impact, if any, on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09 (ASC Topic 718), Stock
Compensation Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting.  The amendments in this ASU are intended to
simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation
arrangements, including the income tax consequences, classification
on the consolidated statement of cash flows and treatment of
forfeitures. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is in the process of assessing the impact, if any, of this
ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 (ASC Topic 842), Leases.
The ASU amends a number of aspects of lease accounting, including
requiring lessees to recognize operating leases with a term greater
than one year on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and
corresponding lease liability, measured at the present value of the
lease payments. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is in the process of assessing the impact on its
consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 6.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

Subsequent
to September 30, 2016, the Company issued 36,551 shares of common
stock in connection with the vesting of employee stock grants. The
Company also issued 18,416 shares of Series B-1 Preferred for
dividends paid in kind on the outstanding shares of Series B
Preferred. 

In
accordance with the Subsequent Events Topic of the FASB ASC 855, we
have evaluated subsequent events, through the filing date
and noted no additional subsequent events that are reasonably
likely to impact the financial statements.  

-8- 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.    M ANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking
statements.  The words or phrases "would be," "will
allow," "intends to," "will likely result," "are expected to,"
"will continue," "is anticipated," "estimate," "project," or
similar expressions are intended to identify "forward-looking
statements."  Actual results could differ materially from
those projected in the forward looking statements as a result of a
number of risks and uncertainties, including those risks factors
contained in our June 30, 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K,
incorporated herein by reference.  Statements made herein
are as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-Q with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and should not be relied upon as
of any subsequent date.  Unless otherwise required by
applicable law, we do not undertake, and specifically disclaim any
obligation, to update any forward-looking statements to reflect
occurrences, developments, unanticipated events or circumstances
after the date of such statement. 

Overview 

Park City Group, Inc. (the
   Company   ) is a Software-as-a-Service
(   SaaS   ) provider. The Company s technology
helps companies to synchronize their systems with those of their
trading partners to make more informed business decisions. We
provide companies with greater flexibility in sourcing products by
enabling them to choose new suppliers and integrate them into their
supply chain faster and more cost effectively, and we help them to
more efficiently manage these relationships to  stock less
and sell more , enhancing revenue while lowering working
capital, labor costs and waste. Through our subsidiary, ReposiTrak,
Inc. (   ReposiTrak   ),
we also help reduce a company s potential regulatory, legal,
and criminal risk from its supply chain partners by providing a way
for them to ensure these suppliers are compliant with food and drug
safety regulations, such as the Food Safety Modernization Act
(   FSMA   ) and the Drug Quality and Security Act
(   DQSA   ).  

The
Company s services are delivered though proprietary software
products designed, developed, marketed and supported by the
Company. These products are designed to provide transparency
and facilitate improved business processes among all key
constituents in the supply chain, starting with the retailer and
moving back to suppliers and eventually to raw material providers.
We provide cloud-based applications and services that address
e-commerce, supply chain, and compliance activities. The
principal customers for the Company's products are multi-store food
retail store chains and their suppliers, branded food
manufacturers, food wholesalers and distributors, and other food
service businesses. 

The Company has a hub and spoke business model. We
are typically engaged by retailers and distributors
(   Hubs   ), which in turn have us engage their
suppliers (   Spokes   ) to sign up for our services. The bulk of
the Company s revenue is from recurring subscription
payments typically based on a monthly volume metric between the Hub
and the Spoke. We also have a professional services business, which
conducts customization, implementation, and training, for which
revenue is recognized on a percentage-of-completion
or   pro
rata   over the life of the
subscription, depending on the nature of the engagement. In a few
instances the Company will also sell its software in the form of a
license.  

The Company is incorporated in the state of
Nevada.  The Company has three subsidiaries: PC Group,
Inc. (formerly, Park City Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation), a
Utah corporation (98.76% owned), Park City Group, Inc. (formerly,
Prescient Applied Intelligence, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (100%
owned) and ReposiTrak, Inc., a Utah corporation (100% owned)
(   ReposiTrak   ).  All intercompany transactions
and balances have been eliminated in
consolidation.  

Our principal executive offices of the
Company are located at 299 South Main Street, Suite 2370, Salt Lake
City, Utah 84111.  Our telephone number is (435)
645-2000.  Our website address is   http://www.parkcitygroup.com  ,
and ReposiTrak s website address is   http://repositrak.com  .  

-9- 

Table of Contents  

Results
of Operations  

Comparison of the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 to the Three Months Ended September 30,
2015.      

Revenue      

Revenue was $4,216,545 and $3,098,631 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a 36%
increase.  This $1,117,914 increase was due to an
increase in revenue attributable to ReposiTrak related service and
subscriptions, including an increase in the number of new customers
(   Hubs   ) that have chosen ReposiTrak as their food
safety management platform, as well as an increase in the number of
suppliers (   Spokes   )  connected to these HUBs and an
acceleration of the rate at which the Company was able to convert
these suppliers into connections as a result of improved processes
and execution.  

Management believes that revenue will increase in subsequent
periods primarily as a result of continued growth in ReposiTrak and
Supply Chain customers and revenue, as a result of the
Company s strategy of pursuing new contracts for both
businesses with new Hubs and their Spokes. 

Cost of Services and Product Support 

Cost
of services and product support was $1,203,515 and $1,174,546 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a
2% increase.  The $28,969 increase is principally due to
employee related expense. 

Management
expects service and a product support to increase in absolute
value in subsequent periods, but to continue to fall as a
percentage of total revenue. 

Sales and Marketing Expense 

Sales
and marketing expense was $1,193,176 and $1,442,572 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a 17%
decrease.  Sales and marketing expense decreased
principally due to (i) a decrease in marketing and promotional
expense of $171,000, and (ii) a decrease of $81,000 in employee
related costs and travel expense, which were partially offset by an
increase in other sales related costs of $3,000. 

Management expects
sales and marketing expense to increase in absolute value in
subsequent periods, but to continue to fall as a percentage of
total revenue.  

-10- 

Table of Contents  

General and
Administrative
Expense      

General
and administrative expense was $1,023,150 and $772,494 for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a 32%
increase in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with
the three months ended September, 2015.  This $250,656
increase is principally due to (i) an increase in employee related
costs, and travel expense of approximately $241,000, and (ii) an
increase in bad debt expense of $47,000. These decreases were
partially offset by decreases in facility costs of $17,000 and
professional fees of $20,000. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense 

Depreciation
and amortization expense was $116,580 and $129,098 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, a decrease
of 10%.  This comparative decrease of $12,518 is related
to the replacement of aging equipment with new equipment under
operating leases. 

Other Income and Expense 

Interest
expense was $6,487 for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to interest income of $17,623 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015.  This change of $24,110 was due
to interest income on short-term marketable securities during the
three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Preferred Dividends 

Dividends accrued on the Company s Series B Preferred and
Series B-1 Preferred was $186,804 for the three months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to dividends accrued on the Series B
Preferred of $199,388 for the year ended September 30,
2015.  This $12,584 decrease is primarily attributable to
the determination by the Company to pay dividends in kind for the
year ended June 30, 2015, which resulted in an adjustment to
dividends in the prior year period. Dividends accrued were paid
through the issuance of 18,416 shares of Series B-1 Preferred and
$2,644.  

-11- 

Table of Contents  

Financial Position, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We
believe our existing cash and short-term investments, together with
funds generated from operations, are sufficient to fund operating
and investment requirements for at least the next twelve months.
Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors,
including our rate of revenue growth and expansion of our sales and
marketing activities, the timing and extent of spending required
for research and development efforts and the continuing market
acceptance of our products. 

We have historically funded our operations with
cash from operations, equity financings and debt borrowings. Cash
was $11,385,641 and $6,557,084 at September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.  This $4,828,557 increase from September
30, 2015 to September 30, 2016   is principally the
result of cash flows from investing activities. Investments in
marketable securities made during the period ended September 30,
2015 were subsequently sold throughout the year ended June 30,
2016. This has resulted in an increased cash and cash equivalent
balance at September 30, 2016 when compared to the prior
period.   

Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net
cash provided by operating activities is summarized as
follows: 

Noncash
expense increased by $11,828 in the three months
ended September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015.
 Noncash expense increased as a result of a $47,000
increase in bad debt expense, offset by a $23,000 decrease in stock
compensation expense and a $13,000 decrease in depreciation and
amortization expense. 

Net Cash Flows used in Investing Activities 

N  et
cash used in investing activities for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $15,800 compared to net cash used in
investing activities of $4,657,622 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015.  This $4,641,822 decrease in cash
used in investing activities for the three months ended September
30, 2016 is due to the Company s purchase of short-term
marketable securities in the 2015 period. 

-12- 

Table of Contents  

Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

N  et
cash provided by financing activities totaled $79,762 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to cash flows provided
by financing activities of $40,438 for the three months ended
September 30, 2015.  The increase in net cash provided by
financing activities is primarily attributable to cash from the
exercise of warrants and an increase in cash provided by employee
stock plans, partially offset by an increase in payments on notes
payable.  The Company has the option to pay quarterly
preferred dividends in kind and has made this election for each
quarter beginning with the quarter ended December 31,
2015. 

Working Capital 

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had working capital of $9,148,575
when compared with working capital of $7,845,826 at June 30,
2016.  This $1,302,749 increase in working capital is
principally due to an increase of $1,108,000 in accounts
receivable, and decreases of $218,000 in accrued liabilities and
$77,000 in deferred revenue.  While no assurances can be
given, management currently believes that the Company will increase
its working capital position in subsequent periods, and thereby
reduce its indebtedness utilizing existing cash resources and
projected cash flow from operations. 

Current
assets as of September 30, 2016 totaled $16,361,236, an increase of
$976,605 when compared to $15,384,631 as of June 30, 2016.
 The increase in current assets is attributable to an increase
in accounts receivable. 

Current
liabilities totaled $7,212,661 as of September 30, 2016 as compared
to $7,538,805 as of June 30, 2016.  The $326,144
comparative decrease in current liabilities is principally due to a
decrease in accrued liabilities and deferred revenue. 

While
no assurances can be given, management currently intends to
continue to reduce its indebtedness in subsequent periods utilizing
existing cash resources and projected cash flow from
operations.  In addition, management may also continue to
pay down, pay off or refinance certain of the Company s
indebtedness.  Management believes that these initiatives
will enable us to address our debt service requirements during the
next twelve months without negatively impacting our working
capital, as well as fund our currently anticipated operations and
capital spending requirements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company does not have any off balance sheet arrangements that are
reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition, revenues, and results of operation, liquidity
or capital expenditures. 

-13- 

Table of Contents  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements      

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows
(Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments. Historically, there has been a diversity in practice in
how certain cash receipts/payments are presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows under Topic 230. To reduce the existing
diversity in practice, this update addresses multiple cash flow
issues. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company notes
that this guidance applies to its reporting requirements and will
implement the new guidance accordingly. 

In
May 2014, August 2015, April 2016 and May 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (" FASB ") issued ASU 2014-09 (ASC Topic
606), Revenue from Contracts with Customers,  ASU 2015-14
(ASC Topic 606) Revenue from Contracts with Customers, Deferral of
the Effective Date,  ASU 2016-10 (ASC Topic 606) Revenue
from Contracts with Customers, Identifying Performance Obligations
and Licensing , and ASU 2016-12 (ASC Topic 606) Revenue from
Contracts with Customers, Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical
Expedients,  respectively. ASC Topic 606 outlines a
single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for
revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most
current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific
guidance. It also requires entities to disclose both quantitative
and qualitative information that enable financial statements users
to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of
revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The
amendments in these ASUs are effective for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those years, beginning after
December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016. This standard may
be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or
retrospectively with a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings
in the year of adoption. The Company is in the process of assessing
the impact, if any, on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09 (ASC Topic 718), Stock
Compensation Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting.  The amendments in this ASU are intended to
simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation
arrangements, including the income tax consequences, classification
on the consolidated statement of cash flows and treatment of
forfeitures. The amendments in this ASU are effective for annual
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is in the process of assessing the impact, if any, of this
ASU on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 (ASC Topic 842), Leases.
The ASU amends a number of aspects of lease accounting, including
requiring lessees to recognize operating leases with a term greater
than one year on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and
corresponding lease liability, measured at the present value of the
lease payments. The amendments in this ASU are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company is in the process of assessing the impact on its
consolidated financial statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

This
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations discusses the Company s financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.  

We
commenced operations in the software development and professional
services business during 1990.  The preparation of our
financial statements requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period.  On an ongoing
basis, management evaluates its estimates and
assumptions.  Management bases its estimates and
judgments on historical experience of operations and on various
other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual
results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. 

-14- 

Table of Contents  

Management
believes the following critical accounting policies, among others,
will affect its more significant judgments and estimates used in
the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements. 

Income Taxes 

In determining the carrying value of the Company s net
deferred income tax assets, the Company must assess the likelihood
of sufficient future taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions,
based on estimates and assumptions, to realize the benefit of these
assets.  If these estimates and assumptions change in the
future, the Company may record a reduction in the valuation
allowance, resulting in an income tax benefit in the
Company s statements of operations. Management evaluates
whether or not to realize the deferred income tax assets and
assesses the valuation allowance quarterly. 

Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Asset Valuations 

Goodwill is assigned to specific reporting units and is reviewed
for possible impairment at least annually or more frequently upon
the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that a
reporting unit's carrying amount is greater than its fair
value.  Management reviews the long-lived tangible and
intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not
be recoverable. Management evaluates, at each balance sheet date,
whether events and circumstances have occurred which indicate
possible impairment. The carrying value of a long-lived asset is
considered impaired when the anticipated cumulative undiscounted
cash flows of the related asset or group of assets is less than the
carrying value.  In that event, a loss is recognized
based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the
estimated fair market value of the long-lived
asset.  Economic useful lives of long-lived assets are
assessed and adjusted as circumstances
dictate.   

Revenue Recognition 

We
recognize revenue when all of the following conditions are
satisfied: (i) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, (ii)
the service has been provided to the customer, (iii) the collection
of our fees is probable, and (iv) the amount of fees to be paid by
the customer is fixed or determinable. 

We
recognize subscription, hosting, premium support, and maintenance
revenue ratably over the length of the agreement beginning on the
commencement dates of each agreement or when revenue recognition
conditions are satisfied.  Revenue from license and
professional services agreements are recognized as
delivered. 

Amounts
that have been invoiced are recorded in accounts receivable and in
deferred revenue or revenue, depending on whether the revenue
recognition criteria have been met. 

Agreements
with multiple deliverables such as subscriptions, support, and
professional services, are accounted for separately if the
deliverables have standalone value upon
delivery.  Subscription services have standalone value as
the services are typically sold separately.  When
considering whether professional services have standalone value,
the Company considers the following factors: (i) availability of
services from other vendors, (ii) the nature and timing of
professional services, and (iii) sales of similar services sold
separately.  Multiple deliverable arrangements are
separated into units of accounting and the total contract
consideration is allocated to each unit based on relative selling
prices. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company recognizes the cost of employee services received in
exchange for awards of equity instruments based on the grant-date
fair value of those awards.  The Company records
compensation expense on a straight-line basis.  The fair
value of options granted are estimated at the date of grant using a
Black-Scholes option pricing model with assumptions for the
risk-free interest rate, expected life, volatility, dividend yield
and forfeiture rate. 

-15- 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 3.   Q UANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Our
business is currently conducted principally in the United
States.  As a result, our financial results are not
affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency exchange
rates or economic conditions in foreign markets.  We do
not engage in hedging transactions to reduce our exposure to
changes in currency exchange rates, although if the geographical
scope of our business broadens, we may do so in the
future. 

Our
exposure to risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to
our investments in short-term financial
instruments.  Investments in both fixed rate and floating
rate interest earning instruments carry some interest rate
risk.  The fair value of fixed rate securities may fall
due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may
produce less income than expected if interest rates
fall.  Partly as a result of this, our future interest
income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest
rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell
securities that have fallen in estimated fair value due to changes
in interest rates.  However, as substantially all of our
cash consist of bank deposits and short-term money market
instruments, we do not expect any material change with respect to
our net income as a result of an interest rate
change.  

Our
exposure to interest rate changes related to borrowing has been
limited, and we believe the effect, if any, of near-term changes in
interest rates on our financial position, results of operations and
cash flows should not be material.  At September 30,
2016, the debt portfolio was composed of approximately 79%
variable-rate debt and 21% fixed-rate debt. 

The table
that follows presents fair values of principal amounts and weighted
average interest rates for our investment portfolio as of September
30, 2016: 

-16- 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.   C ONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES 

(a) 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 
 
Under the supervision and with the participation of our Management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as of September 30, 2016. Based on this
evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in the reports submitted under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission
rules and forms, including to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by the Company is accumulated and communicated to
management, including the principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

(b) 

Changes in internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have determined that there have been no changes, in the
Company s internal control over financial reporting during
the period covered by this report identified in connection with the
evaluation described in the above paragraph that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company s internal control over financial
reporting. 

-17- 

Table of Contents  

P ART II 

OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are, from time to time, involved in various legal proceedings
incidental to the conduct of our business. Historically, the
outcome of all such legal proceedings has not, in the aggregate,
had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or liquidity.  There are currently
no pending or threatened material legal proceedings that, in the
opinion of management, could have a material adverse effect on our
business or financial condition. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 

There are no risk factors identified by the
Company in addition to the risk factors previously disclosed in
Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
2016.   

I TEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None. 

ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 5.  OTHER  I NFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 

-18- 

Table of Contents  

S IGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the
registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: 
November 7, 2016 

PARK CITY GROUP, INC.     

By: 

/s/  Randall
K. Fields  

Randall K. Fields 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November
7, 2016 

By: 

/s/  Todd
Mitchell   

Todd Mitchell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer   Principal Accounting
Officer) 

-19- 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex10-1.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, BY AND BETWEEN PARK CITY GROUP, INC., RANDALL K. FIELDS AND FIELDS MANAGEMENT, INC., DATED JULY 1, 2016.

EX 10-1 

Exhibit
10.1    

AGREEMENT 

This Agreement 
( Agreement ) is entered into by and between Park City
Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ),
Randall K. Fields ( RKF ) and Fields Management, Inc.,
a Utah Corporation ( Fields ), as of the 1st day of
July 2016. 

Recitals: 

A.   

    This
Agreement is entered into in order to amend the terms and
conditions of that certain Services Agreement between Fields and
the Company dated effective July 1, 2013 (the  Services
Agreement ) as amended, and that certain Employment Agreement
between RKF and Company dated effective July 1, 2013 (the
 Employment Agreement ) as amended;
and   

B.   

    This
Agreement will alter the vesting schedules of currently existing
stock grants held by Fields and RKF   

Agreements:  

Now,
Therefore,  in consideration of the mutual covenants and
promises contained in, and the mutual benefits to be derived from
this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
Company, RKF and Fields agree as follows :      

1.    

   Section 2.
 Term of the Services.  of
the Services Agreement shall be amended to extend the Term one (1)
year and shall read as follows:  

This
Agreement shall be effective as of July 1, 2013 (the
 Effective Date ) and continue pursuant to the terms
hereof until the 30 th  day of June 2021
(the   Initial
Term  ), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms
hereof or extended at the sole discretion of the Company s
Board of Directors. The Initial Term and any subsequent terms will
automatically renew for additional one year periods unless, six
months prior to the expiration of the then current term, either
party gives notice to the other that the Agreement will not renew
for an additional term. In the event of such written notice being
timely provided by the Company, Fields shall not be required to
perform any responsibilities or duties to the Company during the
final two months of the then-existing term. In such event, the
Company will remain obligated to Fields for all compensation and
other benefits set forth herein and in any written modifications
hereto. 

2. 

  Section 2.
 Term of the Employment. 
shall be amended to extend the Initial Term one (1) year and shall
read as follows: 

The
employment of Employee by the Company will continue pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement effective as of July 1, 2013 and end on the
30 th  day
of June, 2021 (the   Initial
Term  ), unless sooner terminated pursuant to the terms
hereof or extended at the sole discretion of the Company s
Board of Directors. The Initial Term and any subsequent terms will
automatically renew for additional one year periods unless, six
months prior to the expiration of the then current term, either
party gives notice to the other that the Agreement will not renew
for an additional term. In the event of such written notice being
timely provided by the Company, Employee shall not be required to
perform any responsibilities or duties to the Company during the
final two months of the then-existing term. In such event, the
Company will remain obligated to Employee for all compensation and
other benefits set forth herein and in any written modifications
hereto. 

3. 

  The stock grant
awarded to Fields pursuant to Subsection 4(h) of the Services
Agreement shall be amended such that the balance as of the date
hereof of the unvested stock in the amount of 480,000 shares will
be issued according to a pro-rata seven year vesting schedule
beginning on and the first issuance of which shall be on July 1,
2018. 

4. 

  The stock grant
awarded to Fields pursuant to Subsection 4(h) of that certain
Services Agreement dated as of July 1, 2008 shall be amended such
that the balance of the unvested stock as of the date hereof in the
amount of 240,000 shares will be issued according to a pro-rata
three year vesting schedule beginning on and the first issuance of
which shall be on July 1, 2018. 

5. 

  The stock grants
awarded to Fields and RKF dated as of February 18, 2011 shall be
amended such that the balance of the unvested stock as of the date
hereof in the amount of 56,743 shares will be issued according to a
pro-rata two year vesting schedule beginning on and the first
issuance of which shall be on July 1, 2018. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to
be duly executed and signed as of the day and year first above
written. 

Park City Group, Inc. , a Nevada
corporation    

FIELDS MANAGEMENT,
INC., a Utah corporation 

/s/ Edward Clissold    

By:       /s/  Randall K.
Fields     

Name, Title: 
 Edward Clissold, General
Counsel    

Name: Randall K.
Fields, President   

/s/  Randall K.
Fields    

  Randall K.
Fields  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A) 

I, Randall K. Fields, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
Park City Group, Inc.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant's internal control over financing
reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent
function): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 

/s/  Randall K.
Fields   

Randall K. Fields 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A) 

I, Todd Mitchell, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of
Park City Group, Inc.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant's internal control over financing
reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent
function): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 

/s/ 
Todd Mitchell  

Todd Mitchell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer   Principal Accounting
Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. Sec.1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly
Report of Park City Group, Inc. (the "  Company  ") on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or
about the date hereof (the "  Report  "), the undersigned, Randall K. Fields, Principal
Executive Officer of the Company, certifies, to my best knowledge
and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that:  

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
result of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 

/s/  Randall
K. Fields  

Randall K. Fields 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Blueprint 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. Sec.1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly
Report of Park City Group, Inc. (the "  Company  ") on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or
about the date hereof (the "  Report  "), the undersigned, Todd Mitchell, Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, certifies, to my
best knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that:  

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of
section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
result of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 7, 2016 

By: 

/s/ 
Todd Mitchell  

Todd Mitchell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer   Principal Accounting
Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 pcyg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pcyg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pcyg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pcyg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pcyg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pcyg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

