<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_806279_0000897101-16-003192_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22111034</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141008</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>605725</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6614107</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>10689852</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3787037</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>131</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000897101-16-003192.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103152609
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000897101-16-003192
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CODORUS VALLEY BANCORP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000806279
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				232428543
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15536
		FILM NUMBER:		161971363

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CODORUS VALLEY CORPORATE CENTER
		STREET 2:		105 LEADER HEIGHTS ROAD
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		717-846-1970

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 2887
		STREET 2:		105 LEADER HEIGHTS ROAD
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17405

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000897101-16-003192.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 codorus163740_10-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-Q  

Quarterly
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

   For the quarterly
period ended  September 30, 2016    

or  

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

  For the transition
period from____________to______________  

Commission
file number: 0-15536   

CODORUS VALLEY
BANCORP, INC.    

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Pennsylvania  

23-2428543  

(State
    or other jurisdiction of  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer   
 
      incorporation
    or organization)  
         
      Identification
    No.)   

Not
    Applicable   

(Former
                    name, former address and former fiscal year,  
          if
        changed since the last report.)    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): 

Large accelerated filer   
     Accelerated filer   

Non-accelerated filer   
     Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   No   

APPLICABLE ONLY
TO CORPORATE ISSUERS  

 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. On October 27, 2016, 8,380,855 shares of common stock, par value
$2.50, were outstanding, which includes the effect of the 5 percent common stock dividend declared October 11, 2016. 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. 

 Form 10-Q Index 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
       
      Page #   

Item 1.  
      Financial statements (unaudited):  

Consolidated balance sheets  
       
     3  

Consolidated statements of income  
       
     4  

Consolidated statements of comprehensive income  
       
     5  

Consolidated statements of cash flows  
       
     6  

Consolidated statements of changes in shareholders  equity  
       
     7  

Notes to consolidated financial statements  
       
     8  

Item 2.  
      Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations  
       
     40  

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk  
       
     65  

Item 4.  
      Controls and procedures  
       
     66  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
      Legal proceedings  
       
     66  

Item 1A.  
      Risk factors  
       
     66  

Item 2.  
      Unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds  
       
     66  

Item 3.  
      Defaults upon senior securities  
       
     66  

Item 4.  
      Mine safety disclosures  
       
     66  

Item 5.  
      Other information  
       
     66  

Item 6.  
      Exhibits  
       
     67  

SIGNATURES   
       
     68  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements   

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. 

   Consolidated Balance Sheets  

See accompanying notes. 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. 

   Consolidated Statements of Income 

 Unaudited 

See accompanying notes. 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc.  

   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income  

 Unaudited 

(a)  Amounts are included in net gain on sales of securities on the Consolidated Statements of Income within noninterest income.   

(b)  Income tax amounts are included in provision for income taxes on the Consolidated Statements of Income.   

See accompanying notes. 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc.  

   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

 Unaudited  

See accompanying notes. 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. 

   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders 
Equity 
Unaudited 

See accompanying notes. 

Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation  

 The accompanying consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has
been derived from audited financial statements, and the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information,
the instructions to Form 10-Q, and FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 270. Accordingly, the interim financial statements
do not include all of the financial information and notes required by generally accepted accounting principles for complete financial
statements. In the opinion of management, the interim consolidated financial statements include all adjustments necessary to present
fairly the financial condition and results of operations for the reported periods, and all such adjustments are of a normal and
recurring nature. 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. ( Corporation  or  Codorus
Valley ) is a one-bank holding company headquartered in York, Pennsylvania that provides a full range of banking services
through its subsidiary, PeoplesBank, A Codorus Valley Company ( PeoplesBank  or  Bank ). PeoplesBank operates
two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Codorus Valley Financial Advisors, Inc., which sells nondeposit investment products, and SYC Settlement
Services, Inc., which provides real estate settlement services. In addition, PeoplesBank may periodically create nonbank subsidiaries
for the purpose of temporarily holding foreclosed properties pending the liquidation of these properties. PeoplesBank operates
under a state charter and is subject to regulation by the Pennsylvania Department of Banking and Securities, and the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation. The Corporation is subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Board and the Pennsylvania Department of
Banking and Securities. 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Codorus
Valley and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, PeoplesBank, and two wholly-owned nonbank subsidiaries, SYC Realty Company, Inc. and
CVLY Corp. SYC Realty is primarily used to hold foreclosed properties obtained by PeoplesBank and was inactive during the period
ended September 30, 2016. CVLY Corp. was formed to facilitate the acquisition of Madison Bancorp, Inc. ( Madison )
and may be used, as needed, for the financial and legal management of future acquisition transactions. The accounts of CVB Statutory
Trust No. 1 and No. 2 are not included in the consolidated financial statements as discussed in Note 8 Short-Term Borrowings
and Long-Term Debt. All significant intercompany account balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The accounting
and reporting policies of Codorus Valley and subsidiaries conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America and have been followed on a consistent basis. 

These consolidated statements should be read in conjunction with the
notes to the audited consolidated financial statements contained in the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2015. 

The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 

In accordance with FASB ASC 855, the Corporation evaluated the events
and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date of September 30, 2016 and through the date these consolidated financial
statements were issued, for items of potential recognition or disclosure. 

Loans 

 Loans receivable that management has the intent and ability
to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are stated at their outstanding unpaid principal balances less amounts
charged off, net of an allowance for loan losses and any deferred fees or costs. Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal
balance. Generally, loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and recognized as an adjustment
of the yield (interest income) over the contractual life of the loan. The loans receivable portfolio is segmented into commercial
and consumer loans. Commercial loans consist of the following industry classes: builder   developer, commercial real estate
investor, residential real estate investor, hotel/motel, wholesale   retail, agriculture, manufacturing and all other. Consumer
loans consist of the following classes: residential mortgage, home equity and all other. 

For all classes of loans receivable, the accrual of interest
is discontinued when the contractual payment of principal or interest has become 90 days past due or management has serious doubts
about further collectability of principal or interest, even though the loan may be currently performing. A past due loan may remain
on accrual status if it is in the process of collection and well secured. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, unpaid interest
credited to income in the current year is reversed and unpaid interest accrued in prior years is charged against the allowance
for loan losses. Interest received on nonaccrual loans, including impaired loans, generally is either applied against principal
or reported as interest income, according to the Corporation s judgment as to the collectability of principal. Generally,
nonaccrual loans are restored to accrual status when the obligation is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual
terms for a reasonable period of time, generally six months, and the ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal
and interest is no longer in doubt. The past due status of all classes of loans receivable is determined based on contractual due
dates for loan payments. 

Acquired Loans  

 Acquired loans are initially recorded at their acquisition date
fair values. The carryover of allowance for loan losses is prohibited as any credit losses in the loans are included in the determination
of the fair value of the loans at the acquisition date. Fair values for acquired loans are based on a discounted cash flow methodology
that involves assumptions and judgments as to credit risk, prepayment risk, liquidity risk, default rates, loss severity, payment
speeds, collateral values and discount rate. 

For acquired loans that are not deemed impaired at acquisition,
credit discounts representing principal losses expected over the life of the loan are a component of the initial fair value and
amortized over the life of the asset. Subsequent to the acquisition date, the methods used to estimate the required allowance for
loan losses on these loans is similar to originated loans. However, the Corporation records a provision for loan losses only when
the required allowance for loan losses exceeds any remaining credit discount. The remaining differences between the acquisition
date fair value and the unpaid principal balance at the date of acquisition are recorded in interest income over the life of the
loan. 

Acquired loans that have evidence of deterioration in credit
quality since origination and for which it is probable, at acquisition, that the Corporation will be unable to collect all contractually
required payments are accounted for as impaired loans under ASC 310-30. The excess of cash flows expected at acquisition over the
estimated fair value is referred to as the accretable discount and is recognized into interest income over the remaining life of
the loans. The difference between contractually required payments at acquisition and the cash flows expected to be collected at
acquisition is referred to as the non-accretable discount. The non-accretable discount represents estimated future credit losses
expected to be incurred over the life of the loan. Subsequent decreases to the expected cash flows require the Corporation to evaluate
the need for an allowance for loan losses on these loans. Subsequent improvements in expected cash flows result in the reversal
of a corresponding amount of the non-accretable discount which the Corporation then reclassifies as an accretable discount that
is recognized into interest income over the remaining life of the loans using the interest method. 

The following is a summary of acquired impaired loans from
the merger, as discussed in Note 2-Merger with Madison Bancorp, Inc.: 

(dollars
    in thousands)    

January
    16, 2015    
 
      Contractually required principal and
    interest at acquisition  
         
      $  
       1,961   
 
      Contractual
    cash flows not expected to be collected  

1,185   
 
      Expected cash flows at acquisition  

776   
 
      Interest
    component of expected cash flows  

160   
 
      Basis
    in acquired loans at acquisition - estimated fair value  
         
      $  
       616   

Allowance for Loan Losses  

 The allowance for loan losses represents the Corporation s
estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date and is recorded as a reduction to loans. The allowance
for loan losses is increased by the provision for loan losses, and decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries. Loans deemed to
be uncollectable are charged against the allowance for loan losses, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance.
All, or part, of the principal balance of loans receivable are charged off to the allowance as soon as it is determined that the
repayment of all, or part, of the principal balance is highly unlikely. While the Corporation attributes a portion of the allowance
to individual loans and groups of loans that it evaluates and determines to be impaired, the allowance is available to cover all
charge-offs that arise from the loan portfolio. 

The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level considered
by management to be adequate to provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated. The Corporation performs a quarterly evaluation
of the adequacy of the allowance. The allowance is based on the Corporation s past loan loss experience, known and inherent
risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying
collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently
subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

The allowance consists of specific, general and unallocated components. The specific component relates to
loans that are classified as impaired, generally substandard and nonaccrual loans. For loans that are classified as impaired,
an allowance is established when the collateral value (or discounted cash flows or observable market price) of the impaired loan
is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers pools of loans by loan class, including commercial
loans not considered impaired, as well as smaller balance homogeneous loans such as residential real estate, home equity and other
consumer loans. These pools of loans are evaluated for loss exposure based upon historical loss rates for each of these classes
of loans, adjusted for qualitative (environmental) risk factors. Historical loss rates are based on a two year rolling average
of net charge-offs. Qualitative risk factors that supplement historical losses in the evaluation of loan pools are shown below.
Each factor is assigned a value to reflect improving, stable or declining conditions based on the Corporation s best judgment
using relevant information available at the time of the evaluation. 

Changes in national and local economies and business conditions   

Changes in the value of collateral for collateral dependent loans   

Changes in the level of concentrations of credit   

Changes in the volume and severity of classified and past due loans   

Changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio   

Changes in collection, charge-off, and recovery procedures   

Changes in underwriting standards and loan terms   

Changes in the quality of the loan review system   

Changes in the experience/ability of lending management and key lending staff   

Regulatory and legal regulations that could affect the level of credit losses   

Other pertinent environmental factors   

The unallocated component is maintained to cover uncertainties that
could affect the Corporation s estimate of probable losses. For example, increasing credit risks and uncertainties, not yet
reflected in current leading indicators, associated with prolonged low economic growth, or recessionary business conditions for
certain industries or the broad economy, or the erosion of real estate values, represent risk factors, the occurrence of any or
all of which can adversely affect a borrowers  ability to service their loans. The unallocated component of the allowance
also reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies for estimating specific
and general losses in the loan portfolio, including the unpredictable timing and amounts of charge-offs and related historical
loss averages, and specific-credit or broader portfolio future cash flow value and collateral valuation uncertainties which could
negatively impact unimpaired portfolio loss factors. 

As disclosed in Note 5 Loans, the Corporation engages in commercial
and consumer lending. Loans are made within the Corporation s primary market area and surrounding areas, and include the
purchase of whole loan or participation interests in loans from other financial institutions or private equity companies. Commercial
loans, which pose the greatest risk of loss to the Corporation, whether originated or purchased, are generally secured by real
estate. Within the broad commercial loan segment, the builder   developer and commercial real estate investor loan classes
generally present a higher level of risk than other commercial loan classifications. This greater risk is due to several factors,
including the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans and borrowers, the effect of general economic conditions
on income producing properties, unstable real estate prices and the dependency upon successful construction and sale or operation
of the real estate project. Within the consumer loan segment, junior (i.e., second) liens present a higher risk to the Corporation
because economic and housing market conditions can adversely affect the underlying value of the collateral, which could render
the Corporation under-secured or unsecured. In addition, economic and housing market conditions can adversely affect the ability
of borrowers to service their debt. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information
and events, it is probable that the Corporation will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when
due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered in determining impairment include payment status
and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment
delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. The Corporation determines the significance of payment
delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan
and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and
the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Loans that are deemed impaired are evaluated for impairment
loss based on the net realizable value of the collateral, as applicable. Loans that are not collateral dependent will rely on
the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate to determine impairment
loss. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans such as residential mortgage loans, home equity loans and other consumer
loans are collectively evaluated for impairment, unless they are classified as impaired. 

An allowance for loan losses is established for an impaired commercial
loan if its carrying value exceeds its estimated fair value. For commercial loans secured by real estate, estimated fair values
are determined primarily through third-party appraisals of the underlying collateral. When a real estate secured loan becomes impaired,
a decision is made regarding whether an updated certified appraisal of the real estate is necessary. This decision is based on
various considerations, including the age of the most recent appraisal, the loan-to-value ratio based on the most recent appraisal
and the condition of the property. Appraisals are generally discounted to provide for selling costs and other factors to determine
an estimate of the net realizable value of the property. For commercial loans secured by non-real estate collateral, such as accounts
receivable, inventory and equipment, estimated fair values are determined based on the borrower s financial statements, inventory
reports, accounts receivable aging or equipment appraisals or invoices. Indications of value from these sources are generally discounted
based on the age of the financial information or the quality of the assets. In instances when specific consumer related loans become
impaired, they may be partially or fully charged off, which obviates the need for a specific allowance. 

Loans whose terms are modified are classified as troubled debt restructurings
if the Corporation grants borrowers experiencing financial difficulties concessions that it would not otherwise consider. Concessions
granted under a troubled debt restructuring may involve an interest rate that is below the market rate given the associated credit
risk of the loan or an extension of a loan s stated maturity date. Loans classified as troubled debt restructurings are designated
as impaired. Non-accrual troubled debt restructurings are restored to accrual status if principal and interest payments, under
the modified terms, are current for a reasonable period of time, generally six consecutive months after modification and future
payments are reasonably assured. 

Banking regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their examination
process, periodically review the Corporation s allowance for loan losses and may require the Corporation to recognize additions
to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination, which may not be
currently available to the Corporation. Based on an analysis of the loan portfolio, the Corporation believes that the level of
the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 is adequate. 

Foreclosed Real Estate  

 Foreclosed real estate, included in other assets, is
comprised of property acquired through a foreclosure proceeding or property that is acquired through in-substance
foreclosure. Foreclosed real estate is initially recorded at fair value minus estimated costs to sell at the date of
foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Any difference between the carrying value and the new cost basis is charged
against the allowance for loan losses. Appraisals, obtained from an independent third party, are generally used to determine
fair value. After foreclosure, management reviews valuations at least quarterly and adjusts the asset to the lower of cost or
fair value minus estimated costs to sell through a valuation allowance or a write-down. Costs related to the improvement of
foreclosed real estate are generally capitalized until the real estate reaches a saleable condition subject to fair value
limitations. Revenue and expense from operations and changes in the valuation allowance are included in noninterest expense.
When a foreclosed real estate asset is ultimately sold, any gain or loss on the sale is included in the income statement as a
component of noninterest expense. At September 30, 2016, foreclosed real estate, net of allowance, was $2,674,000, compared
to $2,913,000 at December 31, 2015. Included within loans receivable as of September 30, 2016 was a recorded investment of
$230,000 of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate, for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in
process according to local requirements of the applicable jurisdiction. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights  

 PeoplesBank retained servicing of sold mortgage loans beginning
in 2016. The mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) associated with the sold loans are included in other assets on the consolidated balance
sheets at an amount equal to the estimated fair value of the contractual rights to service the mortgage loans. The MSR asset is
amortized as a reduction to servicing income. The MSR asset is evaluated periodically for impairment and carried at the lower of
amortized cost or fair value. A third party calculates fair value by discounting the estimated cash flows from servicing income
using a rate consistent with the risk associated with these assets and an expected life commensurate with the expected life of
the underlying loans. In the event that the amortized cost of the MSR asset exceeds the fair value of the asset, a valuation allowance
would be established through a charge against servicing income. Subsequent fair value evaluations may determine that impairment
has been reduced or eliminated, in which case the valuation allowance would be reduced through a credit to earnings. At September
30, 2016, the MSR asset was $209,000, net of a valuation allowance of $3,000. There were no mortgage servicing assets as of December
31, 2015. 

Goodwill and Core Deposit Intangible Assets  

 Goodwill arising from acquisitions is not amortized, but is subject
to an annual impairment test. This test consists of a qualitative analysis. If the Corporation determines events or circumstances
indicate that it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired, a quantitative analysis must be completed. Analyses may also
be performed between annual tests. Significant judgment is applied when goodwill is assessed for impairment. This judgment includes
developing cash flow projections, selecting appropriate discount rates, identifying relevant market comparables, incorporating
general economic and market conditions, and selecting an appropriate control premium. The Corporation completes its annual goodwill
impairment test on October 1 st  of each year. Based upon a qualitative analysis of goodwill, the Corporation concluded
that the amount of recorded goodwill was not impaired as of October 1, 2016. 

Core deposit intangibles represent the value assigned to demand,
interest checking, money market, and savings accounts acquired as part of an acquisition. The core deposit intangible value represents
the future economic benefit of potential cost savings from acquiring core deposits as part of an acquisition compared to the cost
of alternative funding sources and the alternative cost to grow a similar core deposit base. The core deposit intangible asset
resulting from the merger with Madison Bancorp, Inc. was determined to have a definite life and is being amortized using the sum
of the years  digits method over ten years. All intangible assets must be evaluated for impairment if certain events or changes
in circumstances occur. Any impairment write-downs would be recognized as expense on the consolidated statements of income. 

At September 30, 2016, the Corporation does not have any indicators
of potential impairment of either goodwill or core deposit intangibles. 

Per Common Share Data  

 All per share computations include the effect of stock dividends declared,
including a 5 percent common stock dividend declared October 11, 2016. The computation of net income per common share is provided
in the table below. 

Comprehensive Income  

 Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require
that recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income. Although certain changes in assets and liabilities,
such as unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities, are reported as a separate component of the shareholders 
equity section of the balance sheet, such items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income. 

Cash Flow Information  

 For purposes of the statements of cash flows, the Corporation considers
interest bearing deposits with banks, cash and due from banks, and federal funds sold to be cash and cash equivalents. 

Supplemental cash flow information is provided in the table below. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Classification of Certain
Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This standard clarifies how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified
in the statement of cash flows to reduce diversity in practice. This standard contains guidance clarifying when an entity should
separate cash receipts and cash payments and classify them into more than one class of cash flows (including when reasonable judgment
is required to estimate and allocate cash flows) versus when an entity should classify the aggregate amount into one class of cash
flows on the basis of predominance. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of the
adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments  
Credit Losses (Topic 326). This standard adds a new Topic 326 which requires companies to measure and record impairment on financial
instruments at the time of origination using the expected credit loss (CECL) model. The CECL model calculates impairment based
on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts, and reflects the organization s current
estimate of all expected credit losses over the contractual term of its financial assets. The new standard is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2018. The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on
its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation  
Stock Compensation (Topic 718).  This standard introduces amendments intended to simplify the accounting for stock
compensation. Specifically, the ASU requires all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies (including tax benefits of
dividends on share-based payment awards) to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement.  The
new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal
years.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Corporation is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this
guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases. From the lessee s
perspective, the new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability
on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating,
with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement for lessees. From the lessor s perspective,
the new standard requires a lessor to classify leases as either sales-type, finance or operating. A lease will be treated as a
sale if it transfers all of the risks and rewards, as well as control of the underlying asset, to the lessee. If risks and rewards
are conveyed without the transfer of control, the lease is treated as a financing lease. If the lessor does not convey risks and
rewards or control, an operating lease results.  The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees
for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented
in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
for lessors for sales-type, direct financing, and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Corporation is currently
evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606). This standards update provides a framework that replaces most existing revenue recognition guidance. The
guidance requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09
is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with earlier adoption permitted. The Corporation
is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2-Merger with Madison Bancorp, Inc.  

On July 22, 2014, the Corporation entered into an Agreement and Plan
of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Madison Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation ( Madison ), and
CVLY Corp., a Pennsylvania corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Corporation ( Acquisition Subsidiary ). Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, Madison agreed to cause its wholly-owned subsidiary, Madison Square Federal Savings Bank ( MSFSB ),
to merge with and into the Corporation s wholly-owned bank subsidiary, PeoplesBank, with PeoplesBank being the surviving
bank in the Bank Merger. 

The acquisition of Madison and MSFSB was completed on January 16, 2015,
as reported on a Form 8-K filed on the same date. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each share of Madison common stock was converted
into the right to receive $22.90 in cash, without interest, and each outstanding option to purchase Madison common stock was converted
into the right to receive cash based on a formula set forth in the Merger Agreement. Total consideration paid was $14,425,000,
which included the purchase of 608,116 shares of Madison common stock as well as the cash out of 41,270 options to purchase Madison
common stock with an average exercise price of $10.81 per share. 

The merger was accounted for using acquisition accounting, which requires
the Corporation to allocate total consideration transferred to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their respective
fair value at the merger date, with any remaining excess consideration being recorded as goodwill. The table below presents the
detail of the total acquisition cost as well as a summary of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed recorded at their estimated
fair value, as of the January 16, 2015 acquisition date. 

The fair value of total assets acquired as a result of the merger totaled
$134,308,000, which included $1,396,000 of securities which were subsequently sold in the first quarter of 2015. Additionally,
other assets of $17,567,000 included $15,256,000 of receivables related to investment securities sold prior to the merger, pending
receipt of sales proceeds, which were subsequently collected. The transaction also resulted in a core deposit intangible of $39,000
and goodwill of $2,301,000. Goodwill arising from the acquisition consists largely of synergies and the cost savings expected to
result from the combining of operations and is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

The following table presents unaudited pro forma information as if the
merger between PeoplesBank and MSFSB had been completed on January 1, 2014. The pro forma information does not necessarily
reflect the results of operations that would have occurred had MSFSB merged with PeoplesBank at the beginning of 2014. The pro
forma financial information does not include the impact of possible business model changes, nor does it consider any potential
impacts of current market conditions or revenues, cost savings, or other factors. 

Note 3-Securities   

A summary of securities available-for-sale
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is provided below. The securities available-for-sale portfolio is generally comprised
of high quality debt instruments, principally obligations of the United States government or agencies thereof and investments in
the obligations of states and municipalities. The majority of municipal bonds in the portfolio are general obligation bonds, which
can draw upon multiple sources of revenue, including taxes, for payment. Only a few bonds are revenue bonds, which are dependent
upon a single revenue stream for payment, but they are for critical services such as water and sewer. In many cases, municipal
debt issues are insured or, in the case of school districts of selected states, backed by specific loss reserves. At September
30, 2016, the fair value of the municipal bond portfolio was concentrated in the state of Pennsylvania at 71 percent.   

The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities at September
30, 2016 by contractual maturity are shown below. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities if call options on select
debt issues are exercised in the future. Mortgage-backed securities are included in the maturity categories based on average expected
life. 

Gross realized gains and losses on sales of securities available-for-sale
are shown below. Realized gains and losses are computed on the basis of specific identification of the adjusted cost of each security
and are shown net as a separate line item in the income statement. 

Securities, issued by agencies of the federal government, with a carrying
value of $162,501,000 and $186,097,000 on September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, were pledged to secure public
and trust deposits, repurchase agreements and other short-term borrowings. 

The table below shows gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated
by investment category and length of time, for securities that have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Securities available-for-sale are analyzed quarterly for possible other-than-temporary
impairment. The analysis considers, among other factors: 1) whether the Corporation has the intent to sell its securities prior
to market recovery or maturity; 2) whether it is more likely than not that the Corporation will be required to sell its securities
prior to market recovery or maturity; 3) default rates/history by security type; 4) third-party securities ratings; 5) third-party
guarantees; 6) subordination; 7) payment delinquencies; 8) nature of the issuer; and 9) current financial news. 

The Corporation believes that unrealized losses at September 30, 2016
were primarily the result of changes in market interest rates and that the Corporation has the ability to hold these investments
for a time necessary to recover the amortized cost. Through September 30, 2016 the Corporation has collected all interest and principal
on its investment securities as scheduled. The Corporation believes that collection of the contractual principal and interest is
probable and, therefore, all impairment is considered to be temporary. 

Note 4 Restricted Investment in Bank Stocks 

Restricted stock, which represents required investments
in the common stock of correspondent banks, is carried at cost and, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, consisted primarily
of the common stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh (FHLBP) and, to a lesser degree, Atlantic Community Bankers Bank
(ACBB). Under the FHLBP s Capital Plan, PeoplesBank is required to maintain a minimum member stock investment, as a condition
of becoming and remaining a member and as a condition of obtaining borrowings from the FHLBP. The FHLBP uses a formula to determine
the minimum stock investment, which is based on the volume of loans outstanding, unused borrowing capacity and other factors. 

The FHLBP paid dividends during the periods ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. The FHLBP restricts the repurchase of the excess capital stock of member banks. The amount of excess capital stock that
can be repurchased from any member is currently the lesser of five percent of the member s total capital stock outstanding
or its excess capital stock outstanding. 

Management evaluates the restricted stock for impairment in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 942. Management s determination of whether these investments
are impaired is based on their a ssessment of the ultimate recoverability of their cost rather than by recognizing temporary
declines in value. Using the FHLBP as an example, the determination of whether a decline
affects the ultimate recoverability of cost is influenced by criteria such as: (1) the significance of the decline in net assets
of the FHLBP as compared to the capital stock amount for the FHLBP and the length of time this situation has persisted; (2) commitments
by the FHLBP to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to the operating performance
of the FHLBP; and (3) the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on institutions and, accordingly, on the customer base of
the FHLBP. Management believes no impairment charge was necessary related to the restricted stock during the periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Note 5 Loans 

Loan Portfolio Composition   

The table below provides the composition of the loan portfolio at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The portfolio is comprised of two segments, commercial and consumer loans. The commercial loan
segment is disaggregated by industry class which allows the Corporation to monitor risk and performance. Those industries representing
the largest dollar investment and most risk are listed separately. The  Other  commercial loans category is comprised
of various industries. The consumer related segment is comprised of residential mortgages, home equity and other consumer loans.
The Corporation has not engaged in sub-prime residential mortgage originations. 

Loan Risk Ratings   

The Corporation s internal risk rating system follows regulatory
guidance as to risk classifications and definitions. Every approved loan is assigned a risk rating. Generally, risk ratings for
commercial related loans and residential mortgages held for investment are determined by a formal evaluation of risk factors performed
by the Corporation s underwriting staff. For consumer loans, and commercial loans up to $500,000, the Corporation uses third-party
credit scoring software models for risk rating purposes. The loan portfolio is monitored on a continuous basis by loan officers,
loan review personnel and senior management. Adjustments of loan risk ratings are generally performed by the Special Asset Committee,
which includes senior management. The Committee, which meets monthly, makes changes, as appropriate, to risk ratings when it becomes
aware of credit events such as payment delinquency, cessation of a business or project, bankruptcy or death of the borrower, or
changes in collateral value. 

The Corporation uses ten risk ratings to grade loans. The first seven
ratings, representing the lowest risk, are combined and given a  pass  rating. A pass rating is a satisfactory credit
rating, which applies to a loan that is expected to perform in accordance with the loan agreement and has a low probability of
loss. A loan rated  special mention  has a potential weakness which may, if not corrected, weaken the loan or inadequately
protect the Corporation s position at some future date. A loan rated  substandard  is inadequately protected
by the current net worth or paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged. A substandard loan has a well-defined
weakness or weaknesses that could jeopardize liquidation of the loan, which exposes the Corporation to loss if the deficiencies
are not corrected. A loan classified  doubtful  has all the weaknesses inherent in one classified substandard, with
the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts,
conditions and value highly improbable and the possibility of loss extremely high. When circumstances indicate that collection
of the loan is doubtful, the loan is risk rated  nonaccrual,  the accrual of interest income is discontinued, and any
unpaid interest previously credited to income is reversed. The table below does not include the regulatory classification of  doubtful, 
which is subsumed within the nonaccrual risk rating category, nor does it include the regulatory classification of  loss 
because the Corporation promptly charges off known loan losses. 

The table below presents a summary of loan risk ratings by loan class
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Impaired Loans  

The table below presents a summary of impaired loans at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Generally, impaired loans are loans risk rated substandard and nonaccrual. An allowance is established
for individual commercial loans where the Corporation has doubt as to full recovery of the outstanding principal balance. The
recorded investment represents outstanding unpaid principal loan balances adjusted for charge-offs. 

The table below presents a summary of average impaired loans
and related interest income that was included in net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Past Due and Nonaccrual  

The performance and credit quality of the loan portfolio is
also monitored by using an aging schedule that shows the length of time a loan is past due. The table below presents a summary
of past due loans, nonaccrual loans and current loans by loan segment and class at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Troubled Debt Restructurings  

Loans classified as troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) are
designated impaired and arise when the Corporation grants borrowers experiencing financial difficulties concessions that it would
not otherwise consider. Concessions granted with respect to these loans generally involve an extension of the maturity date or
a below market interest rate relative to new debt with similar credit risk. Generally, these loans are secured by real estate.
If repayment of the loan is determined to be collateral dependent, the loan is evaluated for impairment loss based on the fair
value of the collateral. For loans that are not collateral dependent, the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted
at the loan s original effective interest rate, is used to determine any impairment loss. 

A nonaccrual TDR represents a nonaccrual loan, as previously
defined, which includes an economic concession. Nonaccrual TDRs are restored to accrual status if principal and interest payments,
under the modified terms, are current for six consecutive payments after the modification and future principal and interest payments
are reasonably assured. In contrast, an accruing TDR represents a loan that, at the time of the modification, has a demonstrated
history of payments and management believes that future loan payments are reasonably assured under the modified terms. 

There were no loans whose terms have been modified under TDRs
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. There were no defaults during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 for TDRs entered into during the previous 12 month period.    

NOTE 6   Allowance for Loan Losses  

The table below shows the activity in and the composition of
the allowance for loan losses by loan segment and class detail as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

The table below shows the allowance amount required for loans
individually evaluated for impairment and the amount required for loans collectively evaluated for impairment at September 30,
2016 and 2015 and December 31, 2015. 

Note 7 Deposits  

The composition of deposits as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is shown below.   

Note 8 Short-Term Borrowings
and Long-Term Debt  

Short-term borrowings consist of securities
sold under agreements to repurchase, federal funds purchased and other borrowings. At September 30, 2016, the balance of securities
sold under agreements to repurchase was $31,061,000 compared to $74,510,000 at December 31, 2015. There were no other short-term
borrowings at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015.  

The following table presents a summary
of long-term debt as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. PeoplesBank s long-term debt obligations to the FHLBP
are fixed rate instruments. Under terms of a blanket collateral agreement with the FHLBP, the obligations are secured by FHLBP
stock and PeoplesBank qualifying loan receivables, principally real estate secured loans.   

In June 2006, Codorus Valley formed CVB
Statutory Trust No. 2, a wholly-owned special purpose subsidiary whose sole purpose was to facilitate a pooled trust preferred
debt issuance of $7,217,000. In November 2004, Codorus Valley formed CVB Statutory Trust No. 1 to facilitate a pooled trust preferred
debt issuance of $3,093,000. The Corporation owns all of the common stock of these nonbank subsidiaries, and the debentures are
the sole assets of the Trusts. The accounts of both Trusts are not consolidated for financial reporting purposes in accordance
with FASB ASC 810. For regulatory capital purposes, all of the Corporation s trust preferred securities qualified as Tier
1 capital for all reported periods. Trust preferred securities are subject to capital limitations under the FDIC s risk-based
capital guidelines. The Corporation used the net proceeds from these offerings to fund its operations.  

Note 9 Regulatory Matters  

Codorus Valley and PeoplesBank are subject
to various regulatory capital requirements. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possible
additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if imposed, could have a material adverse effect on Codorus Valley s
financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, Codorus Valley
and PeoplesBank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance
sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative
judgments by the regulators.  

On July 2, 2013, the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System finalized its rule implementing the Basel III regulatory capital framework, which the FDIC adopted
on July 9, 2013. Under the rule, minimum requirements increased both the quantity and quality of capital held by banking organizations.
Consistent with the Basel III framework, the rule included a new minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets of 4.5 percent, and a common equity Tier 1 conservation buffer of 2.5 percent of risk-weighted assets, that applies to
all supervised financial institutions, which is to be phased in over a four year period beginning January 1, 2016, with the full
2.5 percent required as of January 1, 2019. The rule also raised the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from
4 percent to 6 percent, and includes a minimum leverage ratio of 4 percent for all banking organizations. The new rule also increased
the risk weights for past-due loans, certain commercial real estate loans, and some equity exposures, and makes selected other
changes in risk weights and credit conversion factors. The rule for smaller, less complex institutions, including the Corporation,
took effect January 1, 2015.  

As of September 30, 2016, Codorus Valley
and PeoplesBank met the minimum requirements of the Basel III framework, and PeoplesBank s capital ratios exceeded the amount
to be considered  well capitalized  as defined in the regulations. The table below provides a comparison of the Corporation s
and PeoplesBank s risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios to the minimum regulatory requirement for the periods indicated.   

(1) Minimum amounts and ratios as of
September 30, 2016 include the first year phase in of the capital conservation buffer of 0.625 percent required by the Basel III
framework. The conservation buffer is to be phased in over a four year period beginning January 1, 2016, with the full 2.5 percent
required as of January 1, 2019.  

(2) To be  well capitalized 
under the prompt corrective action provisions in the Basel III framework.  Well capitalized  applies to PeoplesBank
only.  

Note 10 Shareholders 
Equity  

Public Offering of Common Stock   

On December 15, 2015, the Corporation
completed a public offering of 1,519,000 shares of common stock at a price of $19.75 per share. On December 23, 2015, the Corporation
announced that the underwriters of the previously closed public offering had exercised in full their option to purchase an additional
227,850 shares of the Corporation s common stock at a public offering price of $19.75 per share.  

The Corporation raised net proceeds of
approximately $32,500,000, resulting from the gross amount of the public offering transaction and the exercise of the purchase
options of $34,500,000, less related underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expense of approximately $2,000,000. Approximately
$19,800,000 of the net proceeds from the public offering was invested in the Corporation s Bank subsidiary, PeoplesBank.
A portion of the proceeds were used to redeem the remaining $12,000,000 of Series B preferred held by the United States Department
of Treasury on February 18, 2016. The remaining proceeds were used for general corporate purposes.  

Preferred Stock Issued under the US
Treasury s Small Business Lending Fund Program   

The U.S. Department of the Treasury ( Treasury )
had a capital investment in the Corporation pursuant to the Corporation s participation in the Treasury s Small Business
Lending Funding Program ( SBLF Program ). In August 2011, the Corporation sold to the Treasury, for an aggregate purchase
price of $25,000,000, 25,000 shares of non-cumulative, perpetual preferred stock, Series B, $1,000 liquidation value, $2.50 par
value. On May 30, 2014, the Corporation redeemed 13,000 of the 25,000 outstanding shares of the Corporation s preferred
stock that had been issued to the Treasury, leaving 12,000 outstanding shares representing $12,000,000 of preferred stock. On
February 18, 2016, the Corporation redeemed the remaining $12,000,000 of Series B preferred stock issued to the Treasury as reported
on Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2016.  

The annualized dividend rate on the preferred
stock issued under the SBLF Program was 1 percent for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and through the redemption date
of February 18, 2016.  

Common Stock Dividend   

Periodically, the Corporation distributes
stock dividends on its common stock. On October 11, 2016, the Corporation declared a 5 percent common stock dividend payable on
December 13, 2016, to shareholders of record at the close of business on October 25, 2016. Distribution of this stock dividend
will result in the issuance of approximately 399,088 additional common shares. The Corporation distributed a 5 percent stock dividend
on December 8, 2015 which resulted in the issuance of 294,161 additional common shares.  

Note 11 Contingent Liabilities  

There are no legal proceedings pending
against Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries which are expected to have a material impact upon the consolidated
financial position and/or operating results of the Corporation, other than routine litigation incidental to the business. Management
is not aware of any proceedings known or contemplated by government authorities.  

Note 12 Guarantees    

Codorus Valley does not issue any guarantees
that would require liability recognition or disclosure, other than its standby letters of credit. Standby letters of credit are
written conditional commitments issued by PeoplesBank to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Generally,
all letters of credit, when issued, have expiration dates within one year. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit
is essentially the same as those that are involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Corporation generally holds
collateral and/or personal guarantees supporting these commitments. The Corporation had $20,505,000 of standby letters of credit
outstanding on September 30, 2016, compared to $19,037,000 on December 31, 2015. Management believes that the proceeds obtained
through a liquidation of collateral and the enforcement of guarantees would be sufficient to cover the potential amount of future
payments required under the corresponding letters of credit. The amount of the liability as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, for guarantees under standby letters of credit issued, was not material. Many of the commitments are expected to expire
without being drawn upon and, therefore, generally do not present significant liquidity risk to the Corporation or PeoplesBank.  

Note 13 Fair Value of Assets
and Liabilities    

The Corporation uses its best judgment
in estimating the fair value of the Corporation s assets and liabilities; however, there are inherent weaknesses in any
estimation technique. Therefore, the fair value estimates herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized
in sales transactions on the dates indicated. The estimated fair value amounts have been measured as of their respective period-ends
and have not been re-evaluated or updated for purposes of these financial statements subsequent to those respective dates. As
such, the estimated fair values subsequent to the respective reporting dates may be different than the amounts reported at each
period end.  

Fair value is defined as the price that
would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market for an asset or
liability in an orderly transaction (that is, not a forced liquidation or distressed sale) between market participants at the
measurement date. GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the use of inputs used in valuation methodologies into
the following three levels:  

Level 1: Inputs to the valuation
methodology are quoted prices, unadjusted, for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. A quoted price in an active
market provides the most reliable evidence of fair value and shall be used to measure fair value whenever available.  

Level 2: Inputs to the valuation
methodology include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; inputs to the valuation methodology include
quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs to the valuation methodology
that utilize model-based techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.  

Level 3: Inputs to the valuation
methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement; inputs to the valuation methodology that utilize model-based
techniques for which significant assumptions are not observable in the market; or inputs to the valuation methodology that require
significant management judgment or estimation, some of which may be internally developed.  

Since management maximizes the use of
observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair value, an asset s or liability s
level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
Management reviews and updates the fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis.  

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a
Recurring Basis   

Securities available-for-sale   

The fair values of investment securities
were measured using information from a third-party pricing service. The pricing service uses quoted market prices on nationally
recognized securities exchanges (Level 1), or matrix pricing (Level 2), which is a mathematical technique, used widely in the
industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted market prices for the specific securities, but rather,
by relying on the securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted prices. At least annually, the Corporation reviews
a random sample of the pricing information received from the third-party pricing service by comparing it to price quotes from
third-party brokers. Historically, price deviations have been immaterial.   

Assets Measured at Fair Value on a
Nonrecurring Basis   

Impaired loans     

  Impaired loans are those that are accounted
for under FASB ASC Topic 310, in which the Corporation has measured impairment generally based on the fair value of the loan s
collateral. Fair value is generally determined based upon independent third-party appraisals of the properties, or discounted
cash flows based upon the expected proceeds. These loans are included as Level 3 fair values, based on the lowest level of input
that is significant to the fair value measurements. At September 30, 2016, the fair value of impaired loans with a valuation allowance
or charge-off was $570,000, net of valuation allowances of $494,000 and charge-offs of $870,000. At December 31, 2015 the fair
value of impaired loans with a valuation allowance or charge-off was $1,846,000, net of valuation allowances of $405,000 and charge-offs
of $1,262,000.  

Foreclosed Real Estate     

  Other real estate property acquired through
foreclosure is initially recorded at fair value of the property at the transfer date less estimated selling cost. Subsequently,
other real estate owned is carried at the lower of its carrying value or the fair value less estimated selling cost. Fair value
is usually determined based on an independent third-party appraisal of the property or occasionally on a recent sales offer. At
September 30, 2016, the fair value of foreclosed real estate with a valuation allowance or write-down was $1,630,000, net of valuation
allowances of $891,000. At December 31, 2015, the fair value of foreclosed real estate with a valuation allowance or write-down
was $2,003,000, net of valuation allowances of $981,000 and write-downs of $34,000.  

Mortgage Servicing Rights  

 Mortgage servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value upon
the sale of residential mortgage loans to secondary market investors. The fair value of servicing rights is based on the present
value of estimated future cash flows on pools of mortgages stratified by rate and original time to maturity. Mortgage servicing
rights are subsequently evaluated for impairment on a quarterly basis. Significant inputs to the valuation include expected cash
flow, expected net servicing income, a cash flow discount rate and the expected life of the underlying loans. At September 30,
2016, the fair value of the mortgage servicing rights asset was $209,000, net of a valuation allowance of $3,000 . 
There were no mortgage servicing assets as of December 31, 2015. 

The following table presents additional quantitative
information about assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and for which the Corporation has utilized Level 3 inputs
to determine fair value: 

(1)   Fair value is generally determined through independent
appraisals, which generally include various level 3 inputs that are not identifiable. 

(2)   Appraisals may be adjusted downward by the Corporation s
management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and estimated liquidation expenses.  The range of  liquidation
expenses and other appraisal adjustments are presented as a percent of the appraisal. 

Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair
value of the Corporation s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Cash and cash equivalents  

The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Securities available for sale  

The fair value of securities available for sale is determined in accordance
with the methods described under FASB ASC Topic 820 as described above. 

Restricted investment in bank stocks   

The carrying amount of restricted investment in bank stocks is a reasonable
estimate of fair value. The Corporation is required to maintain minimum investment balances in these stocks. These stocks are not
actively traded and, therefore, have no readily determinable market value. 

Loans held for sale  

The fair value of loans held for sale is determined, when possible,
using quoted secondary-market prices. If no such quoted prices exist, the fair value of a loan is determined using quoted prices
for a similar loan or loans, adjusted for the specific attributes of that loan. 

Loans, net  

The fair value of loans, excluding all impaired loans, is estimated
using discounted cash flow analyses using the current interest rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar
credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Loans were first segregated by type such as commercial, real estate, and
consumer, and were further segmented into fixed and variable rate. Projected future cash flows are calculated based on contractual
maturity or call dates. For variable rate loans that reprice frequently and have no significant change in credit risk, fair value
is based on carrying value. 

Interest receivable   

The carrying value of interest receivable is a reasonable estimate of
fair value. 

Deposits   

The fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts and money market
deposits is the amount payable on demand at the reporting date. The fair values of time deposits are estimated using a discounted
cash flow analyses. The discount rates used are based on rates currently offered for deposits with similar remaining maturities.
The fair values of variable rate time deposits that reprice frequently are based on carrying value. The fair values of time deposit
liabilities do not take into consideration the value of the Corporation s long-term relationships with depositors, which
may have significant value. 

Short-term borrowings   

For these short-term instruments, the carrying amount is a reasonable
estimate of fair value. 

Long-term debt  

Long-term debt includes FHLBP advances (Level 2) and junior subordinated
debt (Level 3). The fair value of FHLBP advances is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on quoted prices for new
FHLBP advances with similar credit risk characteristics, terms and remaining maturity. These prices are obtained from this active
market and represent a market value that is deemed to represent the transfer price if the liability were assumed by a third party.
The fair value of junior subordinated debt is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on market rates and spread characteristics
of similar debt with similar credit risk characteristics, terms and remaining maturity. 

Interest payable  

The carrying value of interest payable is a reasonable estimate of fair
value. 

Off-balance sheet instruments  

Off-balance sheet instruments consist of lending commitments and letters
of credit and are based on fees currently charged in the market to enter into similar arrangements, taking into account the remaining
terms of the agreements and counterparties  credit standing. These amounts were not considered material. 

The following presents the carrying amounts and estimated fair values
of the Corporation s financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Note 14 Assets and Liabilities Subject to Offsetting  

Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase  

PeoplesBank enters into agreements with customers in which it sells
securities subject to an obligation to repurchase the same securities ( repurchase agreements ). The contractual maturity
of the repurchase agreement is overnight and continues until either party terminates the agreement. These repurchase agreements
are accounted for as a collateralized financing arrangement (i.e., secured borrowings) and not as a sale and subsequent repurchase
of securities. The obligation to repurchase the securities is reflected as a liability (short-term borrowings) in the Corporation s
consolidated financial statements of condition, while the securities underlying the repurchase agreements are appropriately segregated
for safekeeping purposes and remain in the respective securities asset accounts. Thus, there is no offsetting or netting of the
securities with the repurchase agreement liabilities. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value
of securities pledged in connection with repurchase agreements was $34,859,000 and $75,094,000, respectively. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Management s discussion and analysis of the significant changes
in the results of operations, capital resources and liquidity presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for
Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. (Codorus Valley or the Corporation), a bank holding company, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, PeoplesBank,
A Codorus Valley Company (PeoplesBank), are provided below. Codorus Valley s consolidated financial condition and results
of operations consist almost entirely of PeoplesBank s financial condition and results of operations. Current performance
does not guarantee, and may not be indicative of, similar performance in the future. 

Forward-looking Statements  

Management of the Corporation has made forward-looking statements in
this Form 10-Q. These forward-looking statements may be subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include
information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. When words such
as  believes,   expects,   anticipates  or similar expressions occur in the Form 10-Q, management
is making forward-looking statements. 

Note that many factors, some of which are discussed elsewhere in this
report and in the documents that are incorporated by reference, could affect the future financial results of the Corporation and
its subsidiaries, both individually and collectively, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in
the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-Q. These factors include, but are not limited
to, the following: 

Operating, legal and regulatory risks;   

Credit risk, including an increase in nonperforming assets requiring loss provisions and the incurrence of carrying costs related
to nonperforming assets;   

Interest rate fluctuations which could increase our cost of funds or decrease our yield on earning assets and therefore reduce
our net interest income;   

Declines in the market value of investment securities considered to be other-than-temporary;   

Unavailability of capital when needed, or availability at less than favorable terms;   

Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or customer information, whether through a breach of our computer
systems or otherwise, which may adversely affect the Corporation s operations, net income or reputation;   

Inability to achieve merger-related synergies, and difficulties in integrating the business and operations of acquired institutions;   

A prolonged economic downturn;   

Political and competitive forces affecting banking, securities, asset management and credit services businesses;   

The effects of and changes in the rate of FDIC premiums, including special assessments;   

Enacted financial reform legislation, e.g., Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, may have a significant
impact on the Corporation s business and results of operations; and   

The risk that management s analyses of these risks and forces could be incorrect and/or that the strategies developed
to address them could be unsuccessful.   

The Corporation undertakes no obligation to publicly revise or update
these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date of this report. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

The Corporation s critical accounting policies, as summarized
in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, include those related to the allowance for loan losses, valuation of
foreclosed real estate, evaluation of other-than-temporary impairment of securities, and determination of acquisition-related goodwill
and fair value adjustments, which require management to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that have a material
impact on the carrying value of the respective assets and liabilities. For this Form 10-Q, there were no material changes made
to the Corporation s critical accounting policies, which are more fully disclosed in Item 7 of the Corporation s previously
filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Three Months Ended September
30, 2015  

Financial Highlights    

The Corporation s net income available to common shareholders
(earnings) was $3,403,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $2,981,000 for the quarter ended September 30,
2015, an increase of $422,000 or 14 percent. 

The Corporation s net interest margin (tax-equivalent basis) for the third quarter of 2016 was 3.75 percent, compared
to 3.71 percent for the third quarter of 2015. PeoplesBank continues to have success in growing low cost core deposits, while maintaining
reasonable yields on new loan growth in a highly competitive, low interest rate environment.   

Noninterest income for the third quarter of 2016 increased $228,000 or 10 percent ($349,000 or 16 percent excluding gain on
sale of securities) compared to the third quarter of 2015. Several sources contributed to the rise in noninterest revenues, including
trust and investment service fees, increased deposit service fees, income from bank owned life insurance, gains on sale of mortgage
loans and other income.   

Noninterest expenses in the third quarter of 2016 were $712,000 or 7 percent higher than the third quarter of 2015. Personnel
costs accounted for the majority of the increase, reflecting additional compensation and benefits due primarily to the addition
of new employees to support normal business growth in our existing and newly expanded markets. In the prior twelve months, PeoplesBank
added a limited services facility, a full service branch and an administrative services center.   

The schedule below presents selected performance metrics for the third
quarter of both 2016 and 2015. Per share computations include the effect of stock dividends, including the 5 percent common stock
dividend declared on October 11, 2016. 

A more detailed analysis of the factors and trends affecting the Corporation s
earnings and financial position follows. 

Income Statement Analysis   

Net Interest Income  

Net interest income for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 was $13,415,000,
an increase of $1,393,000 or 12 percent compared to net interest income of $12,022,000 for the third quarter of 2015. The increase
was primarily attributable to higher loan interest income. The Corporation s net interest margin, computed as interest income
(tax-equivalent basis) annualized as a percentage of average interest earning assets, was 3.75 percent for the third quarter of
2016, which compared favorably to the 3.71 percent net interest margin for the third quarter of 2015. 

Total interest income for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $15,660,000,
an increase of $1,543,000 or 11 percent above the amount of total interest income for the third quarter of 2015. The change was
primarily a result of a significant increase in loan income, partially offset by a decline in investment income. 

Interest income on loans increased $1,672,000 or 13 percent in the third
quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The average balance of outstanding loans, primarily commercial loans, increased
approximately $133,690,000 or 13 percent comparing the third quarter of 2016 to the same period in 2015. In addition, the tax equivalent
yield on loans for the third quarter of 2016 increased by 2 basis points compared to the third quarter of 2015. 

Interest income on investments decreased $191,000 or 16 percent in the
third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The average balance of the investment securities portfolio decreased
10 percent when comparing the third quarter of 2016 to the same period in 2015, as some funds from investment maturities, repayments
and calls were not reinvested, but were used for other purposes, including providing funds to support loan growth. The tax-equivalent
yield on investments for the third quarter of 2016 was 2.51 percent or 14 basis points lower than the 2.65 percent experienced
in the third quarter of 2015, which also contributed to the decrease in interest income on investments. 

Total interest expense for the third quarter of 2016 totaled $2,245,000,
an increase of $150,000 or 7 percent as compared to total interest expense of $2,095,000 for the third quarter of 2015. An increase
in both the average volume and cost of deposits, used to fund commercial loans, more than offset the decrease in the average volume
of short-term borrowings and long-term debt. 

Interest expense on deposits increased $193,000 or 12 percent in the
third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The change in expense on deposits was primarily volume driven, as the
average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits was 0.68 percent in the third quarter of 2016 which was slightly higher than the
average rate paid of 0.66 percent in the third quarter of 2015. The average balance of interest-bearing deposits for the third
quarter of 2016 increased by $87,899,000 or 9 percent compared to the third quarter of 2015. Also, the Corporation experienced
favorable growth in noninterest-bearing deposits, with the average volume for the third quarter of 2016 increasing to $192,950,000
as compared to $149,204,000 for the third quarter of 2015. 

Interest expense on borrowings for the third quarter of 2016 decreased
by $43,000 compared to the third quarter of 2015, due primarily to a lower average balance of borrowings. Short-term borrowings
consisting of repurchase agreements averaged $26,355,000 for the third quarter of 2016, compared to an average balance $37,413,000
for the third quarter of 2015. The rate on average short-term borrowings for the third quarter of 2016 was 0.51 percent, a slight
increase as compared to a rate of 0.50 percent for the third quarter of 2015. Long-term debt from the Federal Home Loan Bank of
Pittsburgh (FHLB) averaged $101,739,000 for the third quarter of 2016, compared to an average balance of approximately $110,039,000
for the third quarter of 2015. The decrease in the average balance of long-term debt resulted from repayment of maturing FHLB advances
totaling $15,000,000 during the third quarter of 2016. The rate on average long-term debt for the third quarter of 2016 was 1.61
percent, a slight increase as compared to the rate of 1.60 percent for the third quarter of 2015. 

(2)  Average balance includes average bank owned life insurance,
foreclosed real estate and unrealized holding gains (losses) on investment securities. 

(3)  Net interest income (tax equivalent basis) annualized
as a percentage of average earning assets. 

*Changes which are due to both volume and rate are
allocated in proportion to their relationship to the amount of change attributed directly to volume or rate. 

Provision for Loan Losses  

The provision for loan losses is an expense charged to earnings
to cover the estimated losses attributable to uncollected loans. The provision reflects management s judgment of an appropriate
level for the allowance for loan losses. The provision for loan losses was $800,000 for the third quarter of 2016, a $300,000 increase
as compared to a provision of $500,000 for the third quarter of 2015.  The increased provision was
provided to maintain the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, particularly given the substantial growth in the loan portfolio
during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016.  The third quarter provisions for each period were impacted by net charge-offs
of $133,000 in 2016 and $86,000 in 2015. The allowance as a percentage of total loans was 1.18 percent at September 30, 2016, as
compared to 1.13 percent at December 31, 2015, and 1.17 percent at September 30, 2015. 

More information about the allowance for loan losses can be
found in this report under the caption Allowance for Loan Losses on page 62. 

Noninterest Income  

The following table presents the components of total noninterest
income for the third quarter of 2016, compared to the third quarter of 2015. 

The discussion that follows addresses changes in selected categories
of noninterest income. 

Income from bank owned life insurance   The
$54,000 or 30 percent increase in income from bank owned life insurance was due to additional investments totaling $6,987,000 in
2016. 

Other income    The $114,000 or 104 percent
increase in other income was due to higher miscellaneous client based service charges, such as wire transfer, gift card, and credit
card merchant fees and loan related income, such as mortgage loan servicing and FHA mortgage loan origination fees. Also contributing
to the increase was higher revenue provided by SYC Settlement Services, Inc., a subsidiary of PeoplesBank, due to an upturn in
the volume of real estate settlement services. 

Net gain on sales of loans held for sale   The
$81,000 or 45 percent increase in gains from the sale of residential mortgage loans held for sale was due to a higher volume of
mortgage originations and sales during the third quarter of 2016 compared to 2015. 

Noninterest Expense  

The following table presents the components of total noninterest
expense for the third quarter of 2016, compared to the third quarter of 2015. 

The discussion that follows addresses changes in selected categories
of noninterest expense. 

Personnel   The $623,000 or 12 percent increase
in personnel expense was due largely to the addition of new employees to support the Corporation s business and consumer
banking services in our Maryland market and expanded Pennsylvania market. 

Furniture and equipment     The $64,000 or
10 percent increase in furniture and equipment costs was due to increased computer hardware and software costs related to enhanced
technology to support business growth. 

Marketing   The $195,000 or 81 percent increase
in marketing expenses was due to incentives paid for new deposit accounts, timing in sponsorships of community events and costs
associated with naming rights to PeoplesBank Park, the facility that houses the York, Pennsylvania-based York Revolution independent
league baseball team. 

FDIC Insurance   The $56,000 or 32 percent
decrease in FDIC insurance is due to the change in the assessment methodology effective with the third quarter of 2016. 

Debit card processing   The $56,000 or 24
percent increase in debit card processing reflects year over year higher debit card transaction volume, due primarily to the increased
number of demand deposit accounts and debit cards. 

Charitable donations   The $95,000 or 452
percent increase in charitable donations was primarily due to timing in payment of donations. 

External data processing   The $79,000 or
26 percent increase in external data processing expenses reflects increased outsourcing of transaction processing to specialized
vendors, which is typically performed on such vendors  hosted and secure websites. The Corporation continues to expand and
enhance electronic banking services provided to our clients and has outsourced statement printing and mailing services, resulting
in higher external data processing costs. 

Foreclosed real estate   The $79,000 or 120
percent decrease in foreclosed real estate expenses was primarily attributable to the recovery of real estate taxes, insurance
premiums and the reversal of provision expense on a property that was sold during the third quarter of 2016. 

Other   The $194,000 or 18 percent decrease
in other expenses is primarily a result of a reduction in the costs associated with a corporate-wide training program, deposit
account charge-offs from debit card fraud and impaired loan expenses. 

Provision for Income Taxes  

The provision for income taxes for the third quarter of 2016
was $1,560,000, an increase of $217,000 or 16 percent as compared to the third quarter of 2015. The increase is primarily a result
of a higher level of pre-tax income for the third quarter of 2016 versus the same period in 2015. For both the third quarter of
2016 and 2015, the Corporation s statutory federal income tax rate was 35 percent and the effective income tax rate was 31
percent. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate due to the impact of certain elements with specific tax benefits,
including tax-exempt income, such as income from tax-exempt investments, tax-exempt loans, and bank-owned life insurance. 

Preferred Stock Dividends  

No preferred stock dividends were paid in the third quarter
of 2016 compared to $30,000 for the same period in 2015. On February 18, 2016, the Corporation completed the redemption of all
12,000 remaining shares of the Corporation s Series B preferred stock issued in connection with the Small Business Lending
Fund Program. This transaction was reported on a Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2016. The Information about the SBLF Program is
provided in this report at Note 10-Shareholders  Equity. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2015  

Financial Highlights

The Corporation s net income available to common shareholders
(earnings) was $9,244,000 for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $8,275,000 for the first nine months of 2015, an increase
of $969,000 or 12 percent. 

Net interest income for the first nine months of 2016
increased $4,050,000 or 11 percent above the first nine months of 2015, primarily due to increased interest income from a higher
volume of commercial loan growth over the previous twelve months. 

The Corporation s net interest margin (tax-equivalent
basis) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 3.88 percent, compared to 3.82 percent for the first nine months of 2015.
PeoplesBank continues to have success in growing low cost core deposits, while maintaining reasonable yields on new loan growth
in a highly competitive, low interest rate environment. 

Noninterest income for the first nine months of 2016
increased $568,000 or 8 percent ($866,000 or 14 percent excluding gain on sales of securities) compared to the first nine months
of 2015. All sources contributed to the rise in noninterest revenues, including trust and investment services fees, income from
mutual fund, annuity and insurance sales, service charges on deposits, income from bank owned life insurance and other income. 

Noninterest expenses for the first nine months of 2016
were $3,026,000 or 11 percent higher than the first nine months of 2015. Growth in our existing and newly expanded markets resulted
in higher personnel, occupancy and furniture and equipment, marketing, debit card processing and external data processing costs.
In the prior twelve months, PeoplesBank added a limited services facility, a full service branch and an administrative services
center. 

On September 30, 2016, the Corporation s total assets
were over $1.52 billion, an increase of 5 percent since December 31, 2015. The increase was attributed to loan growth, primarily
in commercial loans. 

The Corporation s capital level remained sound as evidenced
by regulatory capital ratios that exceed current regulatory requirements for well capitalized institutions. As of September 30,
2016, the Corporation s capital calculations and ratios reflect full compliance with the Basel III regulatory capital framework,
which became effective on January 1, 2015. 

The schedule below presents selected performance metrics for
the first nine months of both 2016 and 2015. Per share computations include the effect of stock dividends, including the 5 percent
common stock dividend declared on October 11, 2016. 

A more detailed analysis of the factors and trends affecting
the Corporation s earnings and financial position follows. 

Income Statement Analysis   

Net Interest Income  

Net interest income for the nine months ending September 30,
2016 was $39,579,000, an increase of $4,050,000 or 11 percent compared to net interest income of $35,529,000 for the first nine
months of 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to higher loan interest income. The Corporation s net interest margin,
computed as interest income (tax-equivalent basis) annualized as a percentage of average interest earning assets, was 3.88 percent
for the first nine months of 2016, representing a slight increase compared to the 3.82 percent net interest margin for the first
nine months of 2015. 

Total interest income for the first nine months of 2016 totaled
$45,997,000, an increase of $4,388,000 or 11 percent above the amount of total interest income for the first nine months of 2015.
The change was primarily a result of a significant increase in loan income, partially offset by a decline in investment income. 

Interest income on loans increased $4,837,000 or 13 percent
in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The average balance of outstanding loans increased approximately
$132,929,000 or 13 percent in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, reflecting commercial loan
growth over the past year. 

Investment income for the first nine months of 2016 decreased
$512,000 or 13 percent compared to the first nine months of 2015. The average balance of the investment securities portfolio decreased
7 percent when comparing the first nine months of 2016 to the same period in 2015, which contributed to the decline in investment
income. Some proceeds from investment maturities and sales were not fully reinvested, but were used for other purposes, including
providing funds to support loan growth. Also, the tax-equivalent yield on investments for the first nine months of 2016 was 2.62
percent or 15 basis points lower than the 2.77 percent experienced during the first nine months of 2015, as the yields on maturing
investments (primarily tax-exempt municipal securities) were generally higher than those on investments purchased in the current
lower interest rate environment. 

Total interest expense for the first nine months of 2016 totaled
$6,418,000, an increase of $338,000 or 6 percent as compared to total interest expense of $6,080,000 for the first nine months
of 2015. The change in interest expense was primarily a result of an increase in the average volume and cost of deposits and long-term
borrowings. 

Interest expense on deposits increased by $120,000 or 3 percent
in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to the growth in the volume
of deposits. The average balance of interest-bearing deposits for the first nine months of 2016, primarily in lower cost core deposits,
increased by $44,585,000 or 5 percent compared to the average for the first nine months of 2015. The average rate paid on interest-bearing
deposits in the first nine months of 2016 was 0.66 percent, a decrease from the average rate of 0.68 percent paid on interest-bearing
deposits during the first nine months of 2015. Also, the Corporation experienced favorable growth in noninterest-bearing deposits,
with the average volume for the first nine months of 2016 increasing to $177,805,000, as compared to $138,939,000 for the first
nine months of 2015. 

Interest expense on borrowings for the first nine months of 2016 increased by $218,000 or 16 percent compared
to the first nine months of 2015, due primarily to a higher average balance and cost of long-term debt. Outstanding long-term borrowings,
consisting primarily of Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh (FHLB) advances, averaged $107,226,000 for the first nine months of
2016, compared to an average balance of approximately $94,019,000 for the same period of 2015. The increase in the average balance
related primarily to FHLB advances totaling $35,000,000 obtained in June 2015, offset by the repayment of maturing FHLB advances
totaling $15,000,000 during the third quarter of 2016. The rate on average long-term borrowings for the first half of 2016 was
1.62 percent, a slight increase as compared to the rate of 1.54 percent for the same period of 2015. 

(2)  Average balance includes average bank owned life insurance,
foreclosed real estate and unrealized holding gains (losses) on investment securities. 

(3)  Net interest income (tax equivalent basis) annualized
as a percentage of average interest earning assets. 

*Changes which are due to both volume and rate are
allocated in proportion to their relationship to the amount of change attributed directly to volume or rate. 

Provision for Loan Losses  

For the first nine months of 2016, the provision for loan losses
was $2,400,000, as compared to a provision of $2,300,000 for the first nine months of 2015. The provision for both periods supported
adequate allowance for loan loss coverage, including the Corporation s substantial growth in commercial loans. For the first
nine months of 2016, net charge-offs were $879,000, as compared to $1,082,000 in the first nine months of 2015. The allowance as
a percentage of total loans was 1.18 percent at September 30, 2016, as compared to 1.13 percent at December 31, 2015, and 1.17
percent at September 30, 2015. 

More information about the allowance for loan losses can be
found in this report under the caption Allowance for Loan Losses on page 62. 

Noninterest Income  

The following table presents the components of total noninterest
income for the first nine months of 2016, compared to the first nine months of 2015. 

The discussion that follows addresses changes in selected categories
of noninterest income. 

Income from mutual fund, annuity and insurance sales   The
$155,000 or 27 percent increase in income from the sale of mutual fund, annuity and insurance products by CVFA was due to the higher
volume of assets under management during the first nine months of 2016. 

Service charges on deposit accounts   The
$181,000 or 7 percent increase in service charge income on deposit accounts was due to an increase in the volume of deposit accounts
subject to fees, as well as fee schedule increases implemented during the first quarter of 2015. The increased fees were in effect
during the entire first nine months of 2016. 

Income on bank owned life insurance   The
$108,000 or 21 percent increase in income from bank owned life insurance was due to additional investments totaling $6,987,000
in 2016. 

Other income   The $216,000 or 51 percent
increase in other income was due to higher miscellaneous client based service charges, such as wire transfer, gift card, and credit
card merchant fees and loan related income, such as mortgage loan servicing and FHA loan origination fees. Also contributing to
the increase was higher revenue provided by SYC Settlement Services, Inc., a subsidiary of PeoplesBank, due to an upturn in the
volume of real estate settlement services. 

Net gain on sales of loans held for sale   The
$123,000 or 25 percent increase in net gains from the sale of residential mortgage loans held for sale was due to a higher volume
of mortgage originations and sales during 2016 compared to 2015. 

Gain on sales of securities    The Corporation
realized $194,000 in gains from the sales of four securities. This represents a $298,000 or 61 percent decrease from the $492,000
recognized in 2015. Securities sold included those where market pricing provided a favorable return at the time of sale, versus
holding the respective securities to maturity. In addition, sales in 2016 provided cash to meet short-term liquidity needs. 

Noninterest Expense  

The following table presents the components of total noninterest
expense for the first nine months of 2016, compared to the first nine months of 2015. 

The discussion that follows addresses changes in selected categories
of noninterest expense. 

Personnel   The $2,468,000 or 16 percent increase
in personnel expense was due largely to the addition of new employees to support the Corporation s business growth, which
included our entry into Lancaster County, Pennsylvania and the hiring of employees to support our business and consumer banking
services in our Maryland market. Also contributing to the increase was the timing of expense recognition for the annual employee
performance bonuses, as well as the higher cost of health insurance. Additionally, personnel expense as of September 30, 2016 included
the full nine month impact of the Corporation s January 2015 acquisition of Madison Bancorp, Inc. 

Occupancy   The $106,000 or 4 percent increase
in occupancy expense was due primarily to two new branches opened over the previous twelve months. The two branches included one
limited services facility, which opened in January of 2016, and a full service branch, which opened in our Maryland market in April
of 2016. Additionally, in December of 2015, PeoplesBank relocated the South Hanover Branch into a newly constructed facility and
completed the renovations of, and subsequently opened, the administrative services center. 

Furniture and equipment   The $146,000 or
7 percent increase in furniture and equipment expense was due primarily to the opening of new branches and an administrative services
center noted above, and computer hardware and software costs related to enhanced technology to support business growth. 

Professional and legal   The $103,000 or 17
percent decrease in professional and legal expense is attributed to a reduction in legal and consulting fees related to corporate
strategic initiatives. 

Marketing   The $344,000 or 37 percent increase
in marketing expenses was due to planned initiatives related to the continued expansion of our franchise, along with the initial
expenses associated with the acquisition of the naming rights to PeoplesBank Park, the facility that houses the York, Pennsylvania-based
York Revolution independent league baseball team. 

FDIC Insurance   The $59,000 or 11 percent
decrease in FDIC insurance is due to the change in the assessment methodology effective with the third quarter of 2016. 

Debit card processing   The $196,000 or 30
percent increase in debit card processing reflects higher debit card transaction volumes and the reissuance costs associated with
upgrading PeoplesBank s debit cards to EMV chip card technology. 

Charitable donations   The $121,000 or 16
percent increase in charitable donations was primarily due to timing in payment of donations. Some donations to Pennsylvania nonprofit
organizations qualify for related state tax credits that typically range from 55 to 90 percent of the donated amount, effectively
lowering the cost of the donation. PeoplesBank uses state tax credits from donations to reduce its Pennsylvania shares tax expense,
which is included in other expenses. 

External data processing   The $217,000 or
26 percent increase in external data processing expenses reflects increased reliance on outsourcing transaction processing to specialized
vendors, which is typically performed on such vendors  hosted and secure websites. Transaction volumes have increased year
over year due to business expansion. The Corporation continues to expand and enhance electronic banking services provided to our
clients and has outsourced statement printing and mailing services, resulting in higher external data processing costs. 

Merger related   The Corporation
incurred $474,000 of merger related expenses during the first nine months of 2015 related to the acquisition of Madison
Bancorp, Inc. in January 2015. Merger-related integration activities were completed in the first half of 2015. 

Foreclosed real estate    The $93,000 or 43
percent decrease in foreclosed real estate expenses is primarily attributable to the recovery of real estate taxes, insurance premiums
and the reversal of provision expense on a property that was sold during the third quarter of 2016. 

Other    The $152,000 or 7 percent increase
in other expenses, which is comprised of many underlying expenses, is primarily due to increases in the Pennsylvania Department
of Banking s annual assessment, annual shareholder meeting costs, Pennsylvania bank shares tax, and impaired loan expenses. 

Provision for Income Taxes  

The provision for income taxes for the first nine months of
2016 was $4,227,000, an increase of $597,000 or 16 percent as compared to the first nine months of 2015. The increase is primarily
a result of a higher level of pre-tax income for the first nine months of 2016 versus the same period in 2015. For both the first
nine months of 2016 and 2015, the Corporation s statutory federal income tax rate was 35 percent. However, the effective
income tax rate was 31 percent for the first nine months of 2016, compared to 30 percent for the same period in 2015. The effective
tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate due to the impact of certain elements with specific tax benefits, including tax-exempt
income, such as income from tax-exempt investments, tax-exempt loans, and bank-owned life insurance. 

Preferred Stock Dividends  

Preferred stock dividends for the first nine months of 2016
totaled $16,000 compared to $90,000 for the first nine months of 2015. Though an annualized dividend rate of 1 percent applied
to both periods, the amount of preferred stock dividends for the first nine months of 2016 decreased compared to the same period
in 2015 because, on February 18, 2016, the Corporation completed the redemption of all 12,000 remaining shares of the Corporation s
Series B preferred stock issued in connection with the Small Business Lending Fund Program. This transaction was reported on a
Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2016. The Information about the SBLF Program is provided in this report at Note 10-Shareholders 
Equity. 

Balance Sheet Review   

Interest Bearing Deposits with Banks  

On September 30, 2016, interest bearing deposits with banks
totaled $32,945,000, compared to $44,496,000 at year-end 2015. The reduction was primarily the result of funding of loan growth
and long-term debt principal repayments, offset by an increase in deposits. 

Investment Securities (Available-for-Sale)   

The Corporation s entire investment securities portfolio
is classified available-for-sale, and is comprised primarily of interest-earning debt securities. The overall composition of the
Corporation s investment securities portfolio is provided in Note 3 Securities. On September 30, 2016, the fair value
of investment securities available-for-sale totaled $200,373,000, which represented a decrease of $13,097,000 as compared to the
fair value of investment securities at year-end 2015. Principal reductions from investment sales and maturities and mortgage-backed
security payments exceeded new investments during the first nine months of 2016. 

Loans   

On September 30, 2016, total loans, net of deferred fees, were
$1.21 billion, which was $84,631,000 or 8 percent higher than the level at year-end 2015. This change in volume was due primarily
to an increase in commercial loans, particularly within the commercial real estate investor and residential real estate investor
sectors. Commercial loans within the builder   developer, commercial real estate investor and residential real estate investor
sectors each represented more than 10 percent of the total portfolio. The composition of the Corporation s loan portfolio
is provided in Note 5 Loans. 

Deposits  

Deposits are the Corporation s principal source of funding
for earning assets. On September 30, 2016, deposits totaled $1.22 billion, which reflected a $127,946,000 or 12 percent increase
compared to the level at year-end 2015. Of the increase in total deposits, $24,473,000 was attributable to growth in noninterest
bearing deposits, with an additional $77,906,000 related to growth in both interest bearing demand and savings deposits. Time deposits
increased $25,567,000 compared to the level at year-end 2015. Growth in deposits, particularly money market and time deposits,
reflects several rate promotions during the first nine months of 2016. The composition of the Corporation s total deposit
portfolio is provided in Note 7 Deposits. 

Short-term Borrowings  

Short-term borrowings, which consist of securities sold under
agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), federal funds purchased, and other short-term borrowings, totaled $31,061,000
at September 30, 2016, which reflected a $43,449,000 or 58 percent decrease compared to the level at year-end 2015. The entire
balance of short-term borrowings at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was comprised of repurchase agreements, which decreased
primarily due to the loss of a significant account relationship. 

Long-term Debt   

The Corporation uses long-term borrowings as a secondary funding
source for asset growth. On September 30, 2016 long-term debt totaled $105,310,000 compared to $120,310,000 at year-end 2015. The
decrease reflects the repayment of $15,000,000 of long-term debt obligations which matured during the third quarter of 2016. A
listing of outstanding long-term debt obligations is provided in Note 8 Short-Term Borrowings and Long-Term Debt. 

Shareholders  Equity and Capital Adequacy  

Shareholders  equity, or capital, enables Codorus Valley
to maintain asset growth and absorb losses. Capital adequacy can be affected by a multitude of factors, including profitability,
new stock issuances, corporate expansion and acquisitions, dividend policy and distributions, and regulatory mandates. The Corporation s
total shareholders  equity was approximately $155,317,000 on September 30, 2016, a decrease of approximately $3,824,000 or
2 percent, compared to the level at year-end 2015. The decrease was primarily the result of the redemption of all 12,000 remaining
shares of the Corporation s Series B preferred stock issued in connection with the Small Business Lending Fund Program, as
discussed below. 

Redemption of Preferred Stock and Preferred Stock Dividends  

As previously announced on the Form 8-K filed on February 19,
2016, the Corporation redeemed the remaining $12,000,000 of the Corporation s Preferred Stock, Series B that had been issued
to the United States Treasury under its Small Business Lending Fund Program. The annualized dividend rate on the preferred stock
issued under the SBLF Program was 1 percent for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and through the redemption date of February
18, 2016. 

Cash Dividends on Common Stock   

The Corporation has historically paid cash dividends on its
common stock on a quarterly basis. The Board of Directors determines the dividend rate after considering the Corporation s capital
requirements, current and projected net income, and other relevant factors. As recently announced, the Board of Directors declared
a quarterly cash dividend of $0.13 per common share on October 11, 2016, payable on November 8, 2016, to common shareholders of
record at the close of business on October 25, 2016. This cash dividend follows the $0.13 common stock cash dividend distributed
in August 2016. 

Capital Adequacy   

The Corporation and PeoplesBank are subject to various regulatory
capital requirements administered by banking regulators that involve quantitative guidelines and qualitative judgments. The regulatory
capital measures for the Corporation and PeoplesBank as of September 30, 2016 and the minimum capital ratios established by regulators
are set forth in Note 9 Regulatory Matters to the financial statements. We believe that both Codorus Valley and PeoplesBank
were well capitalized on September 30, 2016. 

Our capital adequacy as of September 30, 2016, reflects updated
regulatory capital guidelines from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System finalized rule which implemented the Basel
III regulatory capital framework, and which became effective for the Corporation and PeoplesBank on January 1, 2015. Under the
revised regulatory capital framework, minimum requirements increased both the quantity and quality of capital held by banking organizations.
Additionally, a new minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5 percent and a common equity Tier
1 conservation buffer of risk-weighted assets applies to all supervised financial institutions. The rule also raised the minimum
ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4 percent to 6 percent and includes a minimum leverage ratio of 4 percent
for all banks. The new rule also increases the risk weights for past-due loans, certain commercial real estate loans and some equity
exposures, and makes selected other changes in risk weights and credit conversion factors. 

The new rule further provides that, in order to avoid restrictions
on capital distributions, including dividend payments and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers, a banking
organization must hold the 2.5 percent capital conservation buffer, which is to be phased in over a four year period beginning
January 1, 2016, with the full 2.5 percent required as of January 1, 2019. 

The transition schedule for new ratios, including the capital
conservation buffer, is as follows: 

As fully phased in, a banking organization with a buffer greater
than 2.5% would not be subject to limits on dividend payments or discretionary bonus payments; however, a banking organization
with a buffer less than 2.5% would be subject to increasingly stringent limitations as the buffer approaches zero. The new rule
also prohibits a banking organization from paying dividends or discretionary bonuses if its eligible net income is negative in
that quarter and its capital conservation buffer ratio was less than 2.5% as of the beginning of that quarter. Eligible net income
is defined as net income for the four calendar quarters preceding the current calendar quarter, net of any distributions and associated
tax effects not already reflected in net income. 

A summary of payout restrictions based on the capital conservation
buffer is as follows: 

Under the new rule as effective through the nine months ending
September 30, 2016, the Corporation and PeoplesBank had no regulatory dividend restrictions and remained well capitalized by all
regulatory capital measures (see Note 9 Regulatory Matters to the financial statements). The Corporation plans to manage
its capital adequacy to ensure continued compliance with the new capital rules. 

Risk Management   

Credit Risk Management   

Credit risk represents the possibility that a loan client, counterparty
or issuer may not perform in accordance with contractual terms, posing one of the most significant risks of loss to the Corporation.
Accordingly, the Corporation emphasizes the management of credit risk, and has established a lending policy which management believes
is sound given the nature and scope of our operations. The Credit Risk Management section included in Item 7 of the Corporation s
previously filed Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, provides a more detailed overview of the Corporation s
credit risk management process. 

Nonperforming Assets  

Nonperforming assets, as shown in the table below, are asset
categories that pose the greatest risk of loss. The level of nonperforming assets as of September 30, 2016, has decreased by approximately
$1,270,000 or 19 percent when compared to year-end 2015. The decrease was primarily the result of a reduction in nonaccrual loans. 

The Corporation regularly monitors large and criticized assets
in its commercial loan portfolio recognizing that prolonged low economic growth, or a weakening economy, could have negative effects
on these commercial borrowers. Nonperforming assets are under the purview of in-house counsel, who continuously monitors and manages
the collection of these accounts. Collection efforts, including modification of contractual terms for individual accounts based
on prevailing market conditions and liquidation of collateral assets, are employed to maximize recovery. A special assets committee
meets monthly to review nonperforming assets. We generally rely on appraisals performed by independent licensed appraisers to determine
the value of real estate collateral for impaired collateral-dependent loans. Generally, an appraisal is performed when: an account
reaches 90 days past due, unless a certified appraisal was completed within the past twelve months; market values have changed
significantly; the condition of the property has changed significantly; or the existing appraisal is outdated based upon regulatory
or policy requirements. In instances where the value of the collateral, net of costs to sell, is less than the net carrying amount
for impaired commercial related loans, a specific loss allowance is established for the difference. Further provisions for loan
losses may be required for nonaccrual loans as additional information becomes available or conditions change. When it is probable
that some portion or an entire loan balance will not be collected, that amount is charged off as loss against the allowance. 

The paragraphs and table below address significant changes in
the nonperforming asset categories as of September 30, 2016, compared to December 31, 2015. 

Table 9 - Nonperforming
Assets    

Nonperforming loans consist of nonaccrual loans and accruing
loans 90 days or more past due. We generally place a loan on nonaccrual status and cease accruing interest income (i.e., recognize
interest income on a cash basis, as long as the loan is sufficiently collateralized) when loan payment performance is unsatisfactory
and the loan is past due 90 days or more. A loan is returned to interest accruing status when we determine that circumstances have
improved to the extent that all of the principal and interest amounts contractually due are current for at least six consecutive
payments and future payments are reasonably assured. Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest represent loans
that are contractually past due, but are well collateralized and in the process of collection. As of September 30, 2016, the nonperforming
loan portfolio balance totaled $2,686,000, compared to $3,717,000 at year-end 2015. The decrease was primarily the result of principal
repayments and charge-offs of nonaccrual commercial loans totaling $1,736,000, which was partially offset by commercial loans placed
on nonaccrual status totaling $1,170,000. For both periods, the nonperforming portfolio balance was comprised primarily of collateralized
commercial loans. 

Foreclosed real estate represents real estate acquired to satisfy
debts owed to PeoplesBank and is included in the Other Assets category on the Corporation s balance sheet. The carrying amount
of foreclosed real estate as of September 30, 2016, net of allowance, totaled $2,674,000 compared to $2,913,000 at year-end 2015.
Total foreclosed real estate decreased by $239,000 or 8 percent from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. The decrease is attributable
to the sales of certain smaller properties and was partially offset by the transfer of two properties to foreclosed real estate
during the first nine months of 2016. 

Troubled debt restructurings pertain to loans whose terms have
been modified to include a concession that we would not ordinarily consider due to the debtor s financial difficulties. Concessions
granted under a troubled debt restructuring typically involve a reduction of interest rate lower than the current market rate for
new debt with similar risk, the deferral of payments or extension of the stated maturity date. Troubled debt restructurings are
evaluated for impairment if they have been restructured during the most recent calendar year, or if they cease to perform in accordance
with the modified terms. As of September 30, 2016, the accruing troubled debt restructuring portfolio balance totaled $3,713,000,
compared to $3,903,000 at year-end 2015. The decrease was the result of principal payments made on loans within the troubled debt
restructuring portfolio. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

Although the Corporation believes that it maintains sound credit
policies, certain loans deteriorate and must be charged off as losses. The allowance for loan losses is maintained to absorb losses
inherent in the portfolio. The allowance is increased by provisions charged to expense and is reduced by loan charge-offs, net
of recoveries. The allowance is based upon management s continuous evaluation of the loan portfolio coupled with a formal
review of adequacy on a quarterly basis, which is subject to review and approval by the Board. 

The allowance for loan losses consists primarily of three components:
specific allowances for individually impaired commercial loans; allowances calculated for pools of loans; and an unallocated component,
which reflects the margin of imprecision inherent in the assumptions that underlie the evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance.
The Corporation uses an internal risk rating system to evaluate individual loans. Loans are segmented into industry groups or pools
with similar characteristics, and an allowance for loan losses is allocated to each segment based on quantitative factors such
as recent loss history (two-year rolling average of net charge-offs) and qualitative factors, such as the results of internal and
external credit reviews, changes in the size and composition of the loan portfolio, adequacy of collateral, and general economic
conditions. Determining the level of the allowance for probable loan losses at any given period is subjective, particularly during
deteriorating or uncertain economic periods, and requires that we make estimates using assumptions. There is also the potential
for adjustment to the allowance as a result of regulatory examinations. 

The following table presents an analysis
of the activity in the allowance for loan losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Table 10 - Analysis of Allowance for Loan Losses   

The allowance for loan losses increased $1,845,000 or 15 percent
from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016. The increase in the allowance was primarily attributable to the $152,193,000 or
14 percent increase in loans, net of deferred fees, over the same 12 month period. 

Net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2016 were $879,000
compared to $1,082,000 of net charge-offs for the same period of 2015. During the first nine months of 2015, charge-offs were higher
in both volume and amount than the same period of 2016. The risks and uncertainties associated with prolonged sluggish growth,
weak economic and business conditions, or the erosion of real estate values can adversely affect our borrowers  ability to
service their loans, causing significant fluctuations in the level of charge-offs and provision expense from one period to another.
The provision for loan losses for the first nine months of 2016 was $2,400,000, compared to $2,300,000 for the same period of 2015.
The allowance as a percentage of total loans at September 30, 2016 was 1.18 percent, compared to 1.13 percent at December 31, 2015
and 1.17 percent as of September 30, 2015. The unallocated portion of the allowance was $1,726,000 or 12 percent of the total allowance
as of September 30, 2016, as compared to $1,480,000 or 12 percent of the total allowance as of December 31, 2015. 

Liquidity Risk Management  

Maintaining adequate liquidity provides the Corporation with
the ability to meet financial obligations to depositors, loan customers, employees, and shareholders on a timely and cost effective
basis in the normal course of business. Additionally, adequate liquidity provides funds for growth and business opportunities as
they arise. Liquidity is generated from transactions relating to both the Corporation s assets and liabilities. The primary sources
of asset liquidity are funds received from customer loan payments, investment maturities and cash inflows from mortgage-backed
securities, and the net proceeds of asset sales. The primary sources of liability liquidity are deposit growth, and funds obtained
from short-term borrowings and long-term debt. The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, included in this report, present the
changes in cash from operating, investing and financing activities. At September 30, 2016, we believe that liquidity was adequate
based upon the potential liquidation of unpledged available-for-sale securities with a fair value totaling approximately $37,511,000
and available credit from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh totaling approximately $326,756,000. The Corporation s
loan-to-deposit ratio was 99 percent as of September 30, 2016, as compared to a 103 percent loan-to-deposit ratio as of December
31, 2015, and a 96 percent loan-to-deposit ratio as of September 30, 2015. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

The Corporation s financial statements do not reflect
various commitments that are made in the normal course of business, which may involve some liquidity risk. These commitments consist
primarily of commitments to grant new loans, unfunded commitments under existing loan facilities, and letters of credit issued
under the same standards as on-balance sheet instruments. Unused commitments on September 30, 2016, totaled $410,082,000 and consisted
of $279,459,000 in unfunded commitments under existing loan facilities, $110,118,000 to grant new loans and $20,505,000 in letters
of credit. Generally these commitments have fixed expiration dates or termination clauses and are for specific purposes. Accordingly,
many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon and, therefore, generally do not present significant liquidity
risk to the Corporation or PeoplesBank. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk   

The most significant market risk to which the Corporation is
exposed is interest rate risk. The primary business of the Corporation and the composition of its balance sheet consist of investments
in interest earning assets (primarily loans and securities), which are funded by interest bearing liabilities (deposits and borrowings),
all of which have varying levels of sensitivity to changes in market interest rates. Changes in rates also have an impact on the
Corporation s liquidity position and could affect its ability to meet obligations and continue to grow. 

The Corporation employs various management techniques to minimize
its exposure to interest rate risk. An Asset Liability Management Committee, consisting of key financial and senior management
personnel, meets on a regular basis. The Committee is responsible for reviewing the interest rate sensitivity and liquidity positions
of the Corporation, reviewing projected sources and uses of funds, approving asset and liability management policies, monitoring
economic conditions, and overseeing the formulation and implementation of strategies regarding balance sheet positions. 

Simulation of net interest income is performed for the next
twelve-month period. A variety of interest rate scenarios are used to measure the effects of sudden and gradual movements upward
and downward in the yield curve. These results are compared to the results obtained in a flat or unchanged interest rate scenario.
Simulation of net interest income is used primarily to measure the Corporation s short-term earnings exposure to rate movements.
A  shock  is an immediate upward or downward movement of interest rates. The shocks do not take into account changes
in customer behavior that could result in changes to mix and/or volumes in the balance sheet, nor do they account for competitive
pricing over the forward 12-month period. The Corporation applies these interest rate  shocks  to its financial instruments
up and down 100, 200, 300, and 400 basis points. A 300 and 400 basis point decrease in interest rates cannot be simulated at this
time due to the historically low interest rate environment. 

The following table summarizes the expected impact of interest
rate shocks on net interest income as well as the Corporation s policy limits at each level. All scenarios were within policy
limits at September 30, 2016. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures      

The Corporation carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of the Corporation s management, including the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and
Interim Treasurer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e). Based upon the evaluation, the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Interim Treasurer concluded that, as
of September 30, 2016, the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. The Corporation s disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that information required to be disclosed in
the Corporation s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. A control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

There has been no change in the Corporation s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. 

Part
II OTHER INFORMATION      

Item
1. Legal Proceedings   

 The Corporation and PeoplesBank are involved in routine litigation
incidental to their business. In the opinion of management, there are no legal proceedings pending against the Corporation or any
of its subsidiaries which are expected to have a material impact upon the consolidated financial position and/or operating results
of the Corporation. Management is not aware of any adverse proceedings known or contemplated by government authorities. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors   

 There have been no material changes to the risk factors as previously
disclosed in Item 1A   Risk Factors   in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

 The Corporation relies on its subsidiary PeoplesBank, A Codorus
Valley Company, for dividend distributions, which are subject to restrictions as reported in Note 9 Regulatory Matters of
the Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The Corporation has a Share Repurchase Program (Program), which
was authorized in 1995, and has been periodically amended, to permit the purchase of up to a maximum of 4.9 percent of the outstanding
shares of the Corporation s common stock at a price per share no greater than 200 percent of the latest quarterly published
book value. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, the Corporation had not acquired
any of its common stock under the Program. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

 None 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

 This Item 4 is not applicable to the Corporation. 

Item
5. Other Information   

 None 

Item
6. Exhibits   

Exhibit  

Number  
      Description of Exhibit   

3.2  Amended By-laws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with
the Commission on January 12, 2016)   

32  Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002   

101  Financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. for the quarter ended September
30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income (iii) the Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in
Shareholder s Equity, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   filed herewith.   

Signatures   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned there unto duly authorized. 

Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc.   

(Registrant)   

November 3, 2016   

/s/ Larry J. Miller  

Date  
       
      Larry J. Miller   

Chairman, President   

and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

November 3, 2016   

/s/ Diane E. Baker  

Date  
       
      Diane E. Baker, CPA   

Interim Treasurer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 codorus163740_ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY

EXHIBIT 31.1  

  Certification of Principal Executive
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Larry J. Miller, certify that: 

1.       I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc.; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions): 

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of the internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:     November 3, 2016 
     /s/ Larry J. Miller 

Larry J. Miller, Chairman, 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

  (Principal
Executive Officer) 

-  69  - 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 codorus163740_ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY

EXHIBIT 31.2  

  Certification of Principal Financial
Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

I, Diane E. Baker, certify that: 

1.       I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc.; 

2.       Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.       Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.       The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have: 

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.       The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of the internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:     November 3, 2016 
     /s/ Diane E. Baker 

Diane E. Baker, CPA 

 Interim Treasurer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

-  70  - 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 codorus163740_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF SARBANES-OXLEY

EXHIBIT 32  

Certification of Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

The certification set forth below is being
submitted in connection with the Quarterly Report of Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the
period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), for the purpose
of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 

Larry J. Miller, the Chief Executive Officer,
and Diane E. Baker, the Principal Financial Officer, of the Company, each certifies that, to the best of his or her knowledge: 

1.  the Report fully complies with the requirements of
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act; and 

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:     November 3, 2016 
     /s/ Larry J. Miller 

Larry J. Miller, Chairman, 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

  (Principal
Executive Officer) 

/s/ Diane E. Baker 

Diane E. Baker, CPA 

 Interim Treasurer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

-  71  - 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cvly-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cvly-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cvly-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cvly-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cvly-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cvly-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

