<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1562463_0001562463-16-000131_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13891681</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114175</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>494434</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5822520</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5735406</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1408033</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001562463-16-000131.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107162343
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562463-16-000131
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Internet Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001562463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				203489991
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35750
		FILM NUMBER:		161978407

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11201 USA PARKWAY
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46037
		BUSINESS PHONE:		317-532-7900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11201 USA PARKWAY
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46037

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001562463-16-000131.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 inbk-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 

For the Quarterly Period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the Transition Period From ________ to ________. 
    
  Commission File Number   001-35750 
    
               First Internet Bancorp 
      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(317) 532-7900 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

(Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, 
  if Changed Since Last Report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes       No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
    
                 Large Accelerated Filer     
    Accelerated Filer     
      Non-accelerated Filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller Reporting Company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes       No     
    
  As of   November 3, 2016  , the registrant had   5,533,050   shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
     
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the federal securities laws.  These statements are not historical facts, but rather statements based on the current expectations of First Internet Bancorp and its consolidated subsidiaries ( we,   our,   us  or the  Company ) regarding its business strategies, intended results and future performance.  Forward-looking statements are generally preceded by terms such as  expects,   believes,   anticipates,   intends,   plan,  and similar expressions.  Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties including: general economic conditions, whether national or regional, and conditions in the lending markets in which we participate that may have an adverse effect on the demand for our loans and other products; our credit quality and related levels of nonperforming assets and loan losses, and the value and salability of the real estate that we own or that is the collateral for our loans; failures of or interruptions in the communication and information systems on which we rely to conduct our business that could reduce our revenues, increase our costs or lead to disruptions in our business; our plans to grow our commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan portfolios which may carry greater risks of non-payment or other unfavorable consequences; our dependence on capital distributions from First Internet Bank of Indiana (the  Bank  results of examinations of us by our regulators, including the possibility that our regulators may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for loan losses or to write-down assets; changing bank regulatory conditions, policies or programs, whether arising as new legislation or regulatory initiatives, that could lead to restrictions on activities of banks generally, or the Bank in particular; more restrictive regulatory capital requirements; increased costs, including deposit insurance premiums; regulation or prohibition of certain income producing activities or changes in the secondary market for loans and other products; changes in market rates and prices that may adversely impact the value of securities, loans, deposits and other financial instruments and the interest rate sensitivity of our balance sheet; our liquidity requirements being adversely affected by changes in our assets and liabilities; the effect of legislative or regulatory developments, including changes in laws concerning taxes, banking, securities, insurance and other aspects of the financial services industry; competitive factors among financial services organizations, including product and pricing pressures and our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified banking professionals; the growth and profitability of noninterest or fee income being less than expected; the loss of any key members of senior management; the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and other regulatory agencies; and the effect of fiscal and governmental policies of the United States federal government.  Additional factors that may affect our results include those discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading  Risk Factors  and in other reports filed with the SEC.  We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made.  The factors listed above could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from any opinions or statements expressed with respect to future periods in any current statements. 
  Except as required by law, we do not undertake, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to publicly release the result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

(  i  ) 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

First Internet Bancorp 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (Amounts in thousands except share data)   

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   1 

First Internet Bancorp 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income   Unaudited 
  (Amounts in thousands except share and per share data)   

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   2 

First Internet Bancorp 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   Unaudited 
  (Amounts in thousands) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   3 

First Internet Bancorp 
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity - Unaudited 
  Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016    
  (Amounts in thousands except per share data) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   4 

First Internet Bancorp 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Unaudited 
  (Amounts in thousands) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   5 

First Internet Bancorp 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Unaudited 
  (Table amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 

Note 1:        Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information or footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in accordance with GAAP.  In our opinion, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  The results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016   or any other period.  The   September 30, 2016   condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in the First Internet Bancorp Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments, or assumptions that could have a material effect on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities.  These estimates, judgments, and assumptions affect the amounts reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements and the disclosures provided.  The determination of the allowance for loan losses, valuations and impairments of investment securities, and the accounting for income tax expense are highly dependent upon management s estimates, judgments, and assumptions where changes in any of these could have a significant impact on the financial statements. 
    
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of First Internet Bancorp (the  Company ), its wholly-owned subsidiary, First Internet Bank of Indiana (the  Bank ), and the Bank s wholly-owned subsidiary, JKH Realty Services, LLC. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
    
  The Company is subject to claims and lawsuits that arise primarily in the ordinary course of business.  It is the opinion of management that the disposition or ultimate resolution of such claims and lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company. 
    
  Certain reclassifications have been made to the   2015   financial statements to conform to the presentation of the   2016   financial statements.  These reclassifications had no effect on net income. 

6 

Note 2:        Earnings Per Share 
    
  Earnings per share of common stock are based on the weighted-average number of basic shares and dilutive shares outstanding during the period. 
    
  The following is a reconciliation of the weighted-average common shares for the basic and diluted earnings per share computations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

Note 3:         Securities 
    
  The following tables summarize securities available-for-sale and securities held-to-maturity as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . There were no securities held-to-maturity as of   December 31, 2015  . 

7 

The carrying value of securities at   September 30, 2016   is shown below by their contractual maturity date.  Actual maturities will differ because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

There were no sales of available-for-sale securities during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Gross gains of   $0.2 million   and gross losses of   $0.0 million   resulted from sales of available-for-sale securities during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  .  There were no sales of available-for-sale securities during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Certain investments in debt securities are reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements at an amount less than their historical cost.  The total fair value of these investments at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $166.9   million and $  166.1   million, which was approximately   35%   and   78%  , respectively, of the Company s available-for-sale securities portfolio.  These declines resulted primarily from fluctuations in market interest rates after purchase. 
    
  U. S. Government-Sponsored Agencies, Municipal Securities and Corporate Securities 
    
  The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in securities issued by U.S. Government-sponsored agencies, municipal organizations and corporate entities were caused by interest rate changes.  The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost bases of the investments.  Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at   September 30, 2016  . 
  
   8 

Mortgage-Backed and Asset-Backed Securities 
    
  The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities were caused by interest rate changes.  The Company expects to recover the amortized cost bases over the term of the securities.  Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Should any future impairment of these securities become other-than-temporary, the cost basis of the security will be reduced, with the resulting loss recognized in net income in the period in which the other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) is identified.   
    
  The following tables show the available-for-sale securities portfolio s gross unrealized losses and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  

There were no held-to-maturity securities in an unrealized loss position at   September 30, 2016  , and there were no held-to-maturity securities at   December 31, 2015  . 

9 

There were no amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and the affected line items in the consolidated statements of income during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were as follows: 
                                   Details About Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Components 
      
    Amounts Reclassified from 
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the  
      
    Affected Line Item in the 
  Statements of Income 
        
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      
    Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
      
      Unrealized gains and losses on securities available-for-sale 

Gain realized in earnings 
      
    $ 

$ 
    177 

Gain on sale of securities 
      Total reclassified amount before tax 

177 

Income Before Income Taxes 
      Tax expense 

60 

Income Tax Provision 
      Total reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
      
    $ 

$ 
    117 

Net Income 

Note 4:        Loans 
    
  Loans that management intends to hold until maturity are reported at their outstanding principal balance adjusted for unearned income, charge-offs, the allowance for loan losses, any unamortized deferred fees or costs on originated loans, and unamortized premiums or discounts on purchased loans. 
    
  For loans recorded at cost, interest income is accrued based on the unpaid principal balance.  Loan origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, as well as premiums and discounts, are deferred and amortized as a level yield adjustment over the respective term of the loan. 
    
  Categories of loans include: 

10 

The risk characteristics of each loan portfolio segment are as follows: 
    
  Commercial and Industrial:   Commercial and industrial loans  sources of repayment are primarily based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower.  The cash flows of borrowers, however, may not be as expected, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value.  Loans are made for working capital, equipment purchases, or other purposes.  Most commercial and industrial loans are secured by the assets being financed and may incorporate a personal guarantee.  
    
  Owner-Occupied Commercial Real Estate:   The primary source of repayment is the cash flow from the ongoing operations and activities conducted by the borrower, or an affiliate of the borrower, who owns the property.  This portfolio segment is generally concentrated in the Central Indiana and greater Phoenix, Arizona markets and its loans often times are secured by manufacturing and service facilities, as well as office buildings. 
    
  Investor Commercial Real Estate:   These loans are underwritten primarily based on the cash flow expected to be generated from the property and are secondarily supported by the value of the real estate.  These loans typically incorporate a personal guarantee.  This portfolio segment typically involves higher loan principal amounts, and the repayment of these loans is generally dependent on the successful operation of the property securing the loan or the business conducted on the property securing the loan.  Investor commercial real estate loans may be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets, changing industry dynamics, or the overall health of the general economy.  The properties securing the Company s investor commercial real estate portfolio tend to be diverse in terms of property type and are typically located in the state of Indiana and markets adjacent to Indiana.  Management monitors and evaluates commercial real estate loans based on property financial performance, collateral value, guarantor strength, and other risk grade criteria.  As a general rule, the Company avoids financing special use projects or properties outside of its designated market areas unless other underwriting factors are present to help mitigate risk. 
    
  Construction:   Construction loans are secured by real estate and improvements and are made to assist in the construction of new structures, which may include commercial (retail, industrial, office, multi-family) properties or single family residential properties offered for sale by the builder.  These loans generally finance a variety of project costs, including land, site preparation, construction, closing and soft costs and interim financing needs.  The cash flows of builders, while initially predictable, may fluctuate with market conditions, and the value of the collateral securing these loans may be subject to fluctuations based on general economic changes.  
  Single Tenant Lease Financing:   These loans are made to property owners of real estate subject to long term lease arrangements with single tenant operators.  The real estate is typically operated by regionally, nationally or globally branded businesses.  The loans are underwritten based on the financial strength of the borrower, characteristics of the real estate, cash flows generated from the lease arrangements and the financial strength of the tenant.  Similar to the other loan portfolio segments, management monitors and evaluates these loans based on borrower and tenant financial performance, collateral value, industry trends and other risk grade criteria. 
    
  Residential Mortgage:   With respect to residential loans that are secured by 1-4 family residences and are generally owner occupied, the Company typically establishes a maximum loan-to-value ratio and requires private mortgage insurance if that ratio is exceeded.  Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the financial circumstances of the borrowers, which can be impacted by economic conditions in their market areas such as unemployment levels.  Repayment can also be impacted by changes in residential property values.  Risk is mitigated by the fact that the loans are of smaller individual amounts and spread over a large number of borrowers in geographically diverse locations throughout the country. 
  Home Equity:   Home equity loans and lines of credit are typically secured by a subordinate interest in 1-4 family residences.  The properties securing the Company's home equity portfolio segment are generally geographically diverse as the Company offers these products on a nationwide basis.  Repayment of home equity loans and lines of credit may be impacted by changes in property values on residential properties and unemployment levels, among other economic conditions and financial circumstances in the market. 
  Other Consumer:   These loans primarily consist of consumer loans and credit cards.  Consumer loans may be secured by consumer assets such as horse trailers or recreational vehicles. Some consumer loans are unsecured, such as small installment loans, home improvement loans and certain lines of credit.  Repayment of consumer loans is primarily dependent upon the personal income of the borrowers, which can be impacted by economic conditions in their market areas such as unemployment levels.  Risk is mitigated by the fact that the loans are of smaller individual amounts and spread over a large number of borrowers in geographically diverse locations throughout the country. 
  
   11 

Allowance for Loan Losses Methodology 
    
  Company policy is designed to maintain an adequate allowance for loan losses ( ALLL ). The portfolio is segmented by loan type, and the required ALLL for types of performing homogeneous loans which do not have a specific reserve is determined by applying a factor based on average historical losses, adjusted for current economic factors and portfolio trends.  Management believes the historical loss experience methodology is appropriate in the current economic environment as it captures loss rates that are comparable to the current period being analyzed.  Management adds qualitative factors for observable trends, changes in internal practices, changes in delinquencies and impairments, and external factors.  Observable factors include changes in the composition and size of portfolios, as well as loan terms or concentration levels.  The Company evaluates the impact of internal changes such as management and staff experience levels or modification to loan underwriting processes.  Delinquency trends are scrutinized for both volume and severity of past due, nonaccrual, or classified loans as well as any changes in the value of underlying collateral.  Finally, the Company considers the effect of other external factors such as national, regional, and local economic and business conditions, as well as competitive, legal, and regulatory requirements.  Loans that are considered to be impaired are evaluated to determine the need for a specific allowance by applying at least one of three methodologies: present value of future cash flows; fair value of collateral less costs to sell; or the loan s observable market price.  All troubled debt restructurings ( TDR ) are considered impaired loans.  Loans evaluated for impairment are removed from other pools to prevent double-counting. Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 310,   Receivables  , requires that impaired loans be measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loans  effective interest rates or the fair value of the underlying collateral less costs to sell and allows existing methods for recognizing interest income. 
    
  Provision for Loan Losses 
    
  A provision for estimated losses on loans is charged to income based upon management s evaluation of the potential losses.  Such an evaluation, which includes a review of all loans for which full repayment may not be reasonably assured, considers, among other matters, the estimated net realizable value of the underlying collateral, as applicable, economic conditions, loan loss experience, and other factors that are particularly susceptible to changes that could result in a material adjustment in the near term.  While management attempts to use the best information available in making its evaluations, future allowance adjustments may be necessary if economic conditions change substantially from the assumptions used in making the evaluations. 
    
  Policy for Charging Off Loans 
    
  The Company s policy is to charge off a loan at any point in time when it no longer can be considered a bankable asset, meaning collectible within the parameters of policy.  A secured loan is generally charged down to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell, no later than when it is   120 days   past due as to principal or interest.  An unsecured loan generally is charged off no later than when it is   180 days   past due as to principal or interest.  A home improvement loan generally is charged off no later than when it is 90 days past due as to principal or interest.  
    
  The following tables present changes in the balance of the ALLL during the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

12 

13 

The following tables present the recorded investment in loans based on portfolio segment and impairment method as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  .  

14 

The Company utilizes a risk grading matrix to assign a risk grade to each of its commercial loans.  In the third quarter 2016, the Company updated its risk grading matrix to improve precision within the  Pass  risk grades.  Commercial loans are now graded on a scale of 1 to 10, whereas commercial loans were previously graded on a scale of 1 to 9.  This update to the risk grading matrix did not have an impact on the ALLL.  The following table illustrates the risk ratings utilized as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

A description of the general characteristics of the ten risk grades is as follows: 

Pass  (Grades 1-6) - Higher quality loans that do not fit any of the other categories described below. 

Special Mention  (Grade 7) - Loans that possess some credit deficiency or potential weakness which deserve close attention. 

Substandard  (Grade 8) - Loans that possess a defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt.  Loans characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  Loans that are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any.   

Doubtful  (Grade 9) - Such loans have been placed on nonaccrual status and may be heavily dependent upon collateral possessing a value that is difficult to determine or based upon some near-term event which lacks clear certainty.  These loans have all of the weaknesses of those classified as Substandard; however, based on existing conditions, these weaknesses make full collection of the principal balance highly improbable. 

Loss  (Grade 10) - Loans that are considered uncollectible and of such little value that continuing to carry them as assets is not warranted. 
       
  Nonaccrual Loans 
    
  Any loan which becomes 90 days delinquent or for which the full collection of principal and interest may be in doubt will be considered for nonaccrual status.  At the time a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all accrued but unpaid interest will be reversed from interest income.  Placing the loan on nonaccrual status does not relieve the borrower of the obligation to repay interest.  A loan placed on nonaccrual status may be restored to accrual status when all delinquent principal and interest has been brought current, and the Company expects full payment of the remaining contractual principal and interest. 
    
  The following tables present the credit risk profile of the Company s commercial and consumer loan portfolios based on rating category and payment activity as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  

15 

The following tables present the Company s loan portfolio delinquency analysis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  

16 

Impaired Loans 
    
  A loan is designated as impaired, in accordance with the impairment accounting guidance, when, based on current information or events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due (principal and interest) according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  Payments with delays generally not exceeding 90 days outstanding are not considered impaired. Certain nonaccrual and substantially all delinquent loans more than 90 days past due may be considered to be impaired.  Generally, loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 90 days past due and accrued interest is reversed against earnings, unless the loan is well-secured and in the process of collection.  The accrual of interest on impaired and nonaccrual loans is discontinued when, in management s opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet payments as they become due. 
    
  Impaired loans include nonperforming loans as well as loans modified in TDRs where concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties.  These concessions could include a reduction in the interest rate on the loan, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance, or other actions intended to maximize collection. 
    
  ASC Topic 310,   Receivables  , requires that impaired loans be measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loans  effective interest rates or the fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, and allows existing methods for recognizing interest income. 
    
  The following table presents the Company s impaired loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  The Company had no impaired loans with a specific valuation allowance as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  .  

17 

The table below presents average balances and interest income recognized for impaired loans during the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 

As of   September 30,     2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had less than   $0.1 million   and   $0.0 million  , respectively, in residential mortgage other real estate owned.  There were   $0.8 million   and less than   $0.1 million   of loans at   September 30,     2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, in the process of foreclosure.  

Note 5:        Premises and Equipment 
    
  The following table summarizes premises and equipment at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

Note 6:        Goodwill           
    
  The following table shows the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  

Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis as of August 31, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value.  No events or changes in circumstances have occurred since the   August 31, 2016   annual impairment test that would suggest it was more likely than not goodwill impairment existed. 

18 

Note 7:        Subordinated Debt 
    
  In   June 2013  , the Company issued a subordinated debenture (the  2021 Debenture ) in the principal amount of $  3.0   million. The 2021 Debenture bears a fixed interest rate of   8.00%   per year, payable quarterly, and is scheduled to mature on   June 28, 2021  . The 2021 Debenture may be repaid, without penalty, at any time after   June 28, 2016  . The 2021 Debenture is intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. 
    
  In connection with the 2021 Debenture, the Company also issued a warrant to purchase up to   48,750   shares of common stock at an initial per share exercise price equal to   $19.33  . The warrant became exercisable on   June 28, 2014   and, unless previously exercised, will expire on   June 28, 2021  . The Company has the right to force an exercise of the warrant after the 2021 Debenture has been repaid in full if the   20  -day volume-weighted average price of a share of its common stock exceeds   $30.00  . 
     
  The Company used the Black-Scholes option pricing model to assign a fair value of   $0.3   million to the warrant as of June 28, 2013. The following assumptions were used to value the warrant: a risk-free interest rate of   0.66%   per the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the date of issuance, an expected dividend yield of   1.19%   calculated using the dividend rate and stock price at the date of the issuance, and an expected volatility of   34%   based on the estimated volatility of the Company s stock over the expected term of the warrant, which is estimated to be   three years  .  
    
  In October 2015, the Company entered into a term loan in the principal amount of   $10.0 million  , evidenced by a term note due 2025 (the  2025 Note ).  The 2025 Note bears a fixed interest rate of   6.4375%   per year, payable quarterly, and is scheduled to mature on October 1, 2025.  The 2025 Note is an unsecured subordinated obligation of the Company and may be repaid, without penalty, on any interest payment date on or after October 15, 2020.  The 2025 Note is intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines.  
    
  In September 2016, the Company issued   $25.0 million   aggregate principal amount of 6.0% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2026 (the  2026 Notes ) in a public offering.  The 2026 Notes initially bear a fixed interest rate of   6.00%   per year to, but excluding September 30, 2021, and thereafter a floating rate equal to the then-current three-month LIBOR rate plus   485   basis points.  All interest on the 2026 Notes is payable quarterly.  The 2026 Notes are scheduled to mature on September 30, 2026.  The 2026 Notes are unsecured subordinated obligations of the Company and may be repaid, without penalty, on any interest payment date on or after September 30, 2021.  The 2026 Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines.  
    
  The following table presents the principal balance and unamortized discount and debt issuance costs for the 2021 Debenture, the 2025 Note and the 2026 Notes as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

19 

Note 8:        Benefit Plans 
    
  Employment Agreement 
    
  The Company has entered into an employment agreement with its Chief Executive Officer that provides for the continuation of salary and certain benefits for a specified period of time under certain conditions.  Under the terms of the agreement, these payments could occur in the event of a change in control of the Company, as defined in the agreement, along with other specific conditions. 
    
  2013 Equity Incentive Plan 
    
  The 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2013 Plan ) authorizes the issuance of   750,000   shares of the Company s common stock in the form of equity-based awards to employees, directors, and other eligible persons.  Under the terms of the 2013 Plan, the pool of shares available for issuance may be used for available types of equity awards under the 2013 Plan, which includes stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, stock unit awards, and other share-based awards.  All employees, consultants, and advisors of the Company or any subsidiary, as well as all non-employee directors of the Company, are eligible to receive awards under the 2013 Plan.   
    
  The Company recorded     $0.2 million     and   $0.5 million   of share-based compensation expense for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, related to awards made under th  e 2013 Plan.  The Company recorded     $0.2 million   and   $0.6 million   of share-based compensation expense for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, related to awards made under th  e 2013 Plan.    
    
  The following table summarizes the status of the 2013 Plan awards as of     September 30, 2016  , and activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

At     September 30, 2016  ,     the total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested awards was $  1.0 million   with a weighted-average expense recognition period of   2.0 years  . 
    
  Directors Deferred Stock Plan 
    
  Until January 1, 2014, the Company had a stock compensation plan for members of the Board of Directors ( Directors Deferred Stock Plan ).  The Company reserved   180,000   shares of common stock that could have been issued pursuant to the Directors Deferred Stock Plan.  The plan provided directors the option to elect to receive up to   100%   of their annual retainer in either common stock or deferred stock rights.  Deferred stock rights were to be settled in common stock following the end of the deferral period payable on the basis of one share of common stock for each deferred stock right.  
    
  The following table summarizes the status of deferred stock rights related to the Directors Deferred Stock Plan for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

All deferred stock rights granted during the   2016   period were additional rights issued in lieu of cash dividends payable on outstanding deferred stock rights.   
  
   20 

Note 9:        Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurement  , defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  ASC Topic 820 also specifies a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value.  The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 
    
           Level 1 
    Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 
       
           Level 2 
    Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities 
       
           Level 3 
    Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities 
       
  Following is a description of the valuation methodologies and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 
    
  Securities 
    
  Where quoted market prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.  Level 1 securities include highly liquid mutual funds.  If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows. 
    
  Level 2 securities include U.S. Government-sponsored agencies, municipal securities, mortgage and asset-backed securities and certain corporate securities.  Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique widely used in the banking industry to value investment securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for specific investment securities but also on the investment securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted investment securities. 
    
  In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy.  Fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows.  Discounted cash flows are calculated based off of the anticipated future cash flows updated to incorporate loss severities.  Rating agency and industry research reports as well as default and deferral activity are reviewed and incorporated into the calculation.  The Company did not own any securities classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Loans Held-for-Sale (mandatory pricing agreements) 
    
  The fair value of loans held-for-sale is determined using quoted prices for similar assets, adjusted for specific attributes of that loan (Level 2). 
    
  Forward Contracts 
    
  The fair values of forward contracts on to-be-announced securities are determined using quoted prices in active markets, or benchmarked thereto (Level 1). 
    
  Interest Rate Lock Commitments 
    
  The fair values of interest rate lock commitments ( IRLCs ) are determined using the projected sale price of individual loans based on changes in market interest rates, projected pull-through rates (the probability that an IRLC will ultimately result in an originated loan), the reduction in the value of the applicant s option due to the passage of time, and the remaining origination costs to be incurred based on management s estimate of market costs (Level 3). 

21 

The following tables present the fair value measurements of assets and liabilities recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

22 

The following tables reconcile the beginning and ending balances of recurring fair value measurements recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets using significant unobservable (Level 3) inputs for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  .  

The following describes valuation methodologies and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 
    
  Impaired Loans 
    
  Loans for which it is probable that the Company will not collect all principal and interest due according to contractual terms are measured for impairment.  The amount of the impairment may be determined based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, the estimated present value of future cash flows or the loan s observable market price. 
    
  If the impaired loan is identified as collateral dependent, the fair value of the underlying collateral, less costs to sell, is used to measure impairment.  This method requires obtaining a current independent appraisal of the collateral and applying a discount factor to the value.  If the impaired loan is not collateral dependent, the Company utilizes a discounted cash flow analysis to measure impairment. 
    
  Impaired loans with a specific valuation allowance based on the value of the underlying collateral or a discounted cash flow analysis are classified as Level 3 assets. 
    
  There were no impaired loans that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 

23 

Significant Unobservable (Level 3) Inputs 
    
  The following tables present quantitative information about significant unobservable inputs used in recurring and nonrecurring Level 3 fair value measurements other than goodwill. 

The following methods were used to estimate the fair value of all other financial instruments recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets at amounts other than fair value. 
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
  For these instruments, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
    
  Interest-Bearing Time Deposits 
    
  The fair value of these financial instruments approximates carrying value. 
     
  Loans Held-for-Sale (best efforts pricing agreements) 
    
  The fair value of these loans approximates carrying value. 
    
  Loans 
    
  The fair value of loans is estimated by discounting future cash flows using current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and remaining maturities. 
    
  Accrued Interest Receivable 
    
  The fair value of these financial instruments approximates carrying value. 
    
  Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis Stock 
    
  The fair value approximates carrying value. 
    
  Deposits  
  The fair value of noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing demand deposits, savings and money market accounts approximates carrying value.  The fair value of fixed maturity certificates of deposit and brokered deposits are estimated using rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 
    
  Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank 
    
  The fair value of fixed rate advances is estimated using rates currently available for advances with similar remaining maturities.  The carrying value of variable rate advances approximates fair value. 
    
  Subordinated Debt 
    
  The fair value of the Company s publicly traded subordinated debt is obtained from quoted market prices.  The fair value of the Company s remaining subordinated debt is estimated using discounted cash flow analysis, based on current borrowing rates for similar types of debt instruments. 

24 

Accrued Interest Payable 
    
  The fair value of these financial instruments approximates carrying value. 
    
  Commitments 
    
  The fair value of commitments to extend credit are based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements with similar maturities and interest rates.  The Company determined that the fair value of commitments was zero based on the contractual value of outstanding commitments at each of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
     
  The following tables summarize the carrying value and estimated fair value of all financial assets and liabilities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

25 

Note 10:        Mortgage Banking Activities 
    
  The Company s residential real estate lending business originates mortgage loans for customers and sells a majority of the originated loans into the secondary market.  The Company hedges its mortgage banking pipeline by entering into forward contracts for the future delivery of mortgage loans to third party investors and entering into interest rate lock commitments with potential borrowers to fund specific mortgage loans that will be sold into the secondary market.  To facilitate the hedging of the loans, the Company has elected the fair value option for loans originated and intended for sale in the secondary market under mandatory pricing agreements.  Changes in the fair value of loans held-for-sale, interest rate lock commitments and forward contracts are recorded in the mortgage banking activities line item within noninterest income.  Refer to Note 11 for further information on derivative financial instruments.   
    
  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company originated mortgage loans held-for-sale of   $180.1 million   and   $108.4 million  , respectively, and sold   $195.7 million   and   $112.9 million   of mortgage loans, respectively, into the secondary market.  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company originated mortgage loans held-for-sale of   $439.2 million   and   $386.4 million  , respectively, and sold   $452.2 million   and   $400.0 million   of mortgage loans, respectively, into the secondary market. 
    
  The following table provides the components of income from mortgage banking activities for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  

Note 11:        Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
  The Company uses derivative financial instruments to help manage exposure to interest rate risk and the effects that changes in interest rates may have on net income and the fair value of assets and liabilities.  The Company enters into forward contracts for the future delivery of mortgage loans to third party investors and enters into IRLCs with potential borrowers to fund specific mortgage loans that will be sold into the secondary market. The forward contracts are entered into in order to economically hedge the effect of changes in interest rates resulting from the Company s commitment to fund the loans. 
    
  Each of these items are considered derivatives, but are not designated as accounting hedges, and are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in noninterest income on the condensed consolidated statements of income.  The fair value of derivative instruments with a positive fair value are reported in accrued income and other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets while derivative instruments with a negative fair value are reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
     
  The following table presents the notional amount and fair value of IRLCs and forward contracts utilized by the Company at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .  

26 

Fair values of derivative financial instruments were estimated using changes in mortgage interest rates from the date the Company entered into the IRLC and the balance sheet date.  The following table summarizes the periodic changes in the fair value of the derivative financial instruments on the condensed consolidated statements of income for the   three and nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Note 12:     Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Accounting Standards Update ( Update ) 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments   (August 2016) 
    
  Stakeholders indicated that there is diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230, Statement of Cash Flows, and other Topics.  This Update addresses specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. 
    
  The amendments in this Update apply to all entities, including both business entities and not-for-profit entities that are required to present a statement of cash flows under Topic 230.  The amendments in this Update provide guidance on the following specific cash flow issues: 
    
     Debt Prepayment or Debt Extinguishment Costs:   Cash payments for debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs should be classified as cash outflows from financing activities. 
    
     Settlement of Zero-Coupon Debt Instruments or Other Debt Instruments with Coupon Interest Rates That Are Insignificant in Relation to the Effective Interest Rate of the Borrowing:   At the settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing, the issuer should classify the portion of the cash payment attributable to the accreted interest related to the debt discount as cash outflows from operating activities, and the portion of the cash payment attributable to the principal as cash outflows for financing activities. 
    
     Proceeds from the Settlement of Insurance Claims:   Cash proceeds received from the settlement of insurance claims should be classified on the basis of the related insurance coverage (that is, the nature of the loss).  For insurance proceeds that are received in a lump sum settlement, an entity should determine the classification on the basis of the nature of each loss included in the settlement. 
    
     Proceeds from the Settlement of Corporate-Owned Life Insurance Policies, including Bank-Owned Life Insurance Policies:   Cash proceeds received from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies should be classified as cash inflows from investing activities.  The cash payments for premiums on corporate-owned policies may be classified as cash outflows from investing activities, operating activities, or a combination of investing and operating activities. 

27 

Separately Identifiable Cash Flows and Application of the Predominance Principle:   The classification of cash receipts and payments that have aspects of more than one class of cash flows should be determined first by applying specific guidance in GAAP.  In the absence of specific guidance, an entity should determine each separately identifiable source or use within the cash receipts and cash payments on the basis of the nature of the underlying cash flows.  An entity should then classify each separately identifiable source or use within the cash receipts and payments on the basis of their nature in financing, investing, or operating activities.  In situations in which cash receipts and payments have aspects of more than one class of cash flows and cannot be separated by source or use, the appropriate classification should depend on the activity that is likely to be the predominant source or use of cash flows for the item. 
    
  For public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.  If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period.  An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period.  The amendments in this Update should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented.  If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable.   The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this Update on the consolidated financial statements, but it is not expected to have a significant effect. 

28 

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
       
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report.  This discussion and analysis includes certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.  You should review the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by such forward-looking statements.  See also  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  at the beginning of this report. 
    
  Overview 
    
  First Internet Bancorp ( we,   our,   us,  or the  Company ) is a bank holding company that conducts its business activities through its wholly-owned subsidiary, First Internet Bank of Indiana, an Indiana chartered bank (the  Bank ).  The Bank was the first state-chartered, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insured Internet bank and commenced banking operations in 1999.  The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Indiana on September 15, 2005. On March 21, 2006, we consummated a plan of exchange by which we acquired all of the outstanding shares of the Bank.  
  We offer a full complement of products and services on a nationwide basis.  We conduct our deposit operations primarily over the Internet and have no traditional branch offices.  We have diversified our operations by adding commercial real estate ( CRE ) lending, including nationwide single tenant lease financing, and commercial and industrial ( C I ) lending, including business banking/treasury management services to meet the needs of high-quality commercial borrowers and depositors.  
  Our business model differs from that of a typical community bank.  We do not have a conventional brick and mortar branch system; but instead operate through our scalable Internet banking platform.  The market area for our residential real estate lending, consumer lending, and deposit gathering activities is the entire United States.  We also offer single tenant lease financing on a nationwide basis.  Our other commercial banking activities, including CRE and C I loans, corporate credit cards, and corporate treasury management services, are offered by our commercial banking team to businesses primarily within Central Indiana, Phoenix, Arizona, and adjacent markets.  We have no significant customer concentrations within our loan portfolio. 
  
   29 

Results of Operations 
    
  The following table provides a summary of the Company s financial performance for the five most recent quarters and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

1    This information represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See the  Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures  for a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
    
  During the   third   quarter   2016  , net income was   $3.1 million  , or   $0.55   per diluted share, compared to   third   quarter   2015   net income of   $2.3 million  , or   $0.51   per diluted share, representing an   increase   in net income of   $0.8 million  , or   33.4%  .  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , net income was   $8.4 million  , or   $1.65   per diluted share, compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   net income of   $6.7 million  , or   $1.46   per diluted share, representing an   increase   in net income of   $1.7 million  , or   25.8%  . 
    
  The   increase   in   net income   in the   third   quarter   2016   compared to the   third   quarter   2015   was primarily due to a   $2.5 million  , or   31.9%  ,   increase   in   net interest income   and a   $2.5 million  , or   106.3%  ,   increase   in   noninterest income  , partially offset by a   $2.2 million  , or   35.5%  ,   increase   in   noninterest expense  , a   $1.8 million  , or   385.5%  ,   increase   in   provision for loan losses   and a   $0.3 million  , or   23.8%  ,   increase   in   income tax expense  .  
  
   30 

The   increase   in   net income   in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was primarily due to a   $6.6 million  , or   29.7%  ,   increase   in   net interest income   and a   $3.2 million  , or   39.9%  ,   increase   in   noninterest income  , partially offset by a   $4.5 million  , or   24.0%  ,   increase   in   noninterest expense  , a   $2.9 million  , or   239.5%  ,   increase   in   provision for loan losses   and a   $0.7 million  , or   19.7%  ,   increase   in   income tax expense  .  
    
  During the   third   quarter   2016  , return on average assets and return on average shareholders  equity were   0.71%   and   9.08%  , respectively, compared to   0.82%   and   9.14%  , respectively, for the   third   quarter   2015  .  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , return on average assets and return on average shareholders  equity were   0.72%   and   9.31%  , respectively, compared to   0.83%   and   8.95%  , respectively, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  
    
  Consolidated Average Balance Sheets and Net Interest Income Analyses 
    
  For the periods presented, the following tables provide the average balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the related yields and cost of funds.  The tables do not reflect any effect of income taxes.  Balances are based on the average of daily balances.  Nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balances. 

1    Yield on total interest-earning assets minus cost of total interest-bearing liabilities 
   2    Net interest income divided by total average interest-earning assets (annualized) 

31 

1    Yield on total interest-earning assets minus cost of total interest-bearing liabilities 
   2    Net interest income divided by total average interest-earning assets (annualized) 

32 

Rate/Volume Analysis  
    
  The following table illustrates the impact of changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and interest rates on net interest income for the periods indicated.  The change in interest not due solely to volume or rate has been allocated in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.  

Net interest income for the   third   quarter   2016   was   $10.3 million  ,   an increase   of   $2.5 million  , or   31.9%  , compared to   $7.8 million   for the   third   quarter   2015  .  The   increase   in net interest income was the result of a   $4.9 million  , or   46.8%  ,   increase   in total interest income to   $15.5 million   for the   third   quarter   2016   from   $10.5 million   for the   third   quarter   2015  .  The   increase   in total interest income was partially offset by a   $2.4 million  , or   90.3%  ,   increase   in total interest expense to   $5.1 million   for the   third   quarter   2016   from   $2.7 million   for the   third   quarter   2015  . 
    
  The   increase   in total interest income was due primarily to   an increase   in interest earned on loans resulting from   an increase   of   $327.5 million  , or   37.8%  , in the average balance of loans, including loans held-for-sale, as well as   an increase   in interest earned on securities resulting from   an increase   of   $265.8 million  , or   138.7%  , in the average balance of securities for the   third   quarter   2016   compared to the   third   quarter   2015  .  The   increase   in total interest income was also due to a   12   basis point ( bp )   increase   in the yield earned on the securities portfolio, partially offset by a   10   bp   decline   in the yield earned on loans, including loans held-for-sale. 
    
  The   increase   in total interest expense was driven primarily by   an increase   in interest expense related to interest-bearing deposits as a result of a   $530.6 million  , or   62.1%  ,   increase   in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits for the   third   quarter   2016   compared to the   third   quarter   2015  , as well as a   20   bp   increase   in the cost of funds related to interest-bearing deposits.  The increase in the cost of interest-bearing deposits was primarily due to an   18   bp   increase   in the cost of certificates and brokered deposits as new certificates of deposits production in   2016   was predominately in longer duration products with higher costs of funds.  Interest expense related to other borrowed funds also contributed to the   increase   in total interest expense due to a   $33.8 million  , or   24.2%  ,   increase   in the average balance of other borrowed funds for the   third   quarter   2016   compared to the   third   quarter   2015   as well as   an increase   of   51   bps in the cost of other borrowed funds.  The increase in the average balance of other borrowed funds was primarily due to the Company s issuance of subordinated debt in the fourth quarter 2015 as well as an increase in the cost and average balance of Federal Home Loan Bank advances compared to the   third   quarter   2015  . 
    
  Net interest margin ( NIM ) was   2.42%   for the   third   quarter   2016   compared to   2.84%   for the   third   quarter   2015  .  The decline in NIM for the   third   quarter   2016   compared to the   third   quarter   2015   was driven primarily by   an increase   of   23   bps in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities as well as the   decline   of   20   bps in the yield earned on interest-earning assets. 

33 

Net interest income for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $28.8 million  ,   increasing     $6.6 million  , or   29.7%  , compared to   $22.2 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  The   increase   in net interest income was the result of a   $12.3 million  , or   41.1%  ,   increase   in total interest income to   $42.1 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $29.9 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  The   increase   in total interest income was partially offset by a   $5.7 million  , or   74.1%  ,   increase   in total interest expense to   $13.4 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   from   $7.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
    
  The   increase   in total interest income was due primarily to   an increase   in interest earned on loans resulting from   an increase   of   $284.0 million  , or   34.5%  , in the average balance of loans, including loans held-for-sale, as well as   an increase   in interest earned on securities resulting from   an increase   of   $174.3 million  , or   100.7%  , in the average balance of securities for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  The   increase   in total interest income was also due to a   21   bps   increase   in the yield earned on the securities portfolio, partially offset by a   7   bps   decline   in the yield earned on loans, including loans held-for-sale. 
    
  The   increase   in total interest expense was driven primarily by   an increase   in interest expense related to interest-bearing deposits as a result of a   $421.6 million  , or   51.8%  ,   increase   in the average balance of interest-bearing deposits for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , as well as   an increase   in the cost of funds relating to interest-bearing deposits of   17   bps.  The increase in the cost of interest-bearing deposits was primarily due to a   17   bps   increase   in the cost of certificates and brokered deposits as new certificates of deposits production in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was predominately in longer duration products with higher costs of funds.  Interest expense related to other borrowed funds also contributed to the   increase   in total interest expense due to a   $44.3 million  , or   34.4%  ,   increase   in the average balance of other borrowed funds for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , as well as   an increase   of   30   bps in the cost of other borrowed funds.  The increase in the average balance of other borrowed funds was primarily due to the Company s issuance of subordinated debt in the fourth quarter 2015 as well as the increase in the average balance of Federal Home Loan Bank advances compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
    
  NIM was   2.51%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   2.85%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  The decline in NIM for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was driven primarily by   an increase   of   18   bps in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities as well as a   decline   of   7   bps in the yield earned on loans, including loans held-for-sale, partially offset by an   increase   of   21   bps in the yield earned on the securities portfolio. 

Noninterest Income 
    
  The following table presents noninterest income for the five most recent quarters and the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

During the   third   quarter   2016  , noninterest income was   $4.9 million  , representing   an increase   of   $2.5 million  , or   106.3%  , compared to   $2.4 million   for the   third   quarter   2015  .  The   increase   in noninterest income was primarily driven by   an increase   of   $2.3 million  , or   112.0%  , in mortgage banking activities resulting primarily from increases in mortgage originations and sales as well as higher gain on sale margins. 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , noninterest income was   $11.2 million  , representing   an increase   of   $3.2 million  , or   39.9%  , compared to   $8.0 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . The   increase   in noninterest income was primarily driven by   an increase   of   $2.8 million  , or   38.9%  , in mortgage banking activities resulting primarily from higher origination volumes and an improvement in gain on sale margin, as well as a   $0.2 million   increase from the gain on sale of securities. 
  
   34 

Noninterest Expense 
    
  The following table presents noninterest expense for the five most recent quarters and the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Noninterest expense for the   third   quarter   2016   was   $8.4 million  , compared to   $6.2 million   for the   third   quarter   2015  .  The   increase   of   $2.2 million  , or   35.5%  , compared to the   third   quarter   2015   was primarily due to   an increase   of   $1.1 million   in   salaries and employee benefits  ,   an increase   of   $0.4 million   in   consulting and professional services  ,   an increase   of   $0.3 million   in   premises and equipment   and   an increase   of   $0.3 million   in   deposit insurance premium  .  The increase in salaries and employee benefits resulted from personnel growth and higher incentive compensation related to increased mortgage production.  The increase in consulting and professional fees was due to higher legal fees incurred in the normal course of business commensurate with the Company s growth and certain consulting projects that occurred during the third quarter 2016.  The increase in premises and equipment was due to expenses associated with the Company s new headquarters location.  The increase in deposit insurance premium was due to the new methodology implemented by the FDIC as of July 1, 2016, which places a heavier weighting on year-over-year asset growth used to determine the cost of FDIC deposit insurance. 
    
  Noninterest expense for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $23.3 million  , compared to   $18.8 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  The   increase   of   $4.5 million  , or   24.0%  , compared to the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was primarily due to   an increase   of   $2.0 million   in   salaries and employee benefits  ,   an increase   of   $0.7 million   in   premises and equipment  ,   an increase   of   $0.7 million   in   consulting and professional services  ,   an increase   of   $0.4 million   in   other   expenses and   an increase   of   $0.3 million   in   deposit insurance premium  .  The increase in salaries and employee benefits resulted primarily from personnel growth and higher incentive compensation related to increased mortgage production.  The increase in premises and equipment was partially due to certain expenses associated with the Company exiting its former headquarters location, as well as the Company s build out of its corporate headquarters facility and further investments in technology.  The increase in consulting and professional fees was due to higher legal fees incurred in the normal course of business commensurate with the Company s growth and certain consulting projects that occurred during the 2016 period.  The increase in other expenses were comprised of varying expenses, none of which were individually significant. The increase in deposit insurance premium was due to the new methodology implemented by the FDIC as of July 1, 2016, which places a heavier weighting on year-over-year asset growth used to determine the cost of FDIC deposit insurance. 

35 

Financial Condition 
    
  The following table presents summary balance sheet data for the last five quarters. 

Total assets were   $1.8 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.3 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , representing   an increase   of   $554.3 million  , or   43.7%  .  The   increase   in total assets was due primarily to increases of   $257.3 million  , or   120.4%  , in securities available-for-sale,   $245.1 million  , or   25.7%  , in loans and   $42.7 million  , or   169.7%  , in cash and cash equivalents. 

Loan Portfolio Analysis 
    
  The following table provides a detailed listing of the Company s loan portfolio for the last five quarters. 

Total loans as of   September 30, 2016   were   $1.2 billion  ,   increasing     $245.1 million  , or   25.7%  , compared to   $953.9 million   as of   December 31, 2015  .  
    
  Total commercial loans   increased     $211.0 million  , or   36.2%  , as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   December 31, 2015  , due to   increases   of   $197.6 million  , or   52.8%  , in single tenant lease financing,   $10.5 million  , or   22.9%  , in construction,   $5.3 million  , or   5.1%  , in commercial and industrial and   $1.1 million  , or   2.4%  , in owner-occupied commercial real estate.  These   increases   were partially offset by a decline of   $3.4 million  , or   21.2%  , in investor commercial real estate.  

36 

Total consumer loans   increased     $35.7 million  , or   9.8%  , as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   December 31, 2015  , due primarily to an   increase   of   $54.8 million  , or   50.6%  , in other consumer loans.  This   increase   was partially offset by   decreases   of   $13.7 million  , or   6.4%  , in residential mortgages and   $5.4 million  , or   12.5%  , in home equity loans. 
    
  Asset Quality 
    
  Nonperforming loans are comprised of nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days past due and accruing.  Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans, other real estate owned and other nonperforming assets, which consist of repossessed assets. The following table provides a detailed listing of the Company s nonperforming assets for the last five quarters.  

Troubled Debt Restructurings 
    
  The following table provides a summary of troubled debt restructurings for the last five quarters. 

37 

The   increase   of   $1.0 million  , or   21.0%  , in total nonperforming assets as of   September 30, 2016   compared to   December 31, 2015   was due primarily to an increase in nonaccrual loans.  Total nonperforming loans   increased     $1.0 million  , or   578.4%  , to   $1.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to   $0.2 million   as of   December 31, 2015  .  This increase was primarily driven by two residential mortgage loans totaling $1.0 million that were placed on nonaccrual status during 2016.  As a result, the ratio of nonperforming loans to total loans increased to   0.09%   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to   0.02%   as of   December 31, 2015  .   The ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets decreased to   0.31%   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to   0.37%   as of   December 31, 2015   due to the increase in total assets outpacing the increase in total nonperforming assets. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had one commercial property in other real estate owned with a carrying value of $4.5 million.  This property consists of two buildings which are residential units adjacent to a university campus.  Improvements to the property have been made in collaboration with the university and the property continues to be occupied. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company also had residential mortgage other real estate owned of less than $0.1 million and $0, respectively. 
    
   Allowance for Loan Losses    
    
  The following table provides a rollforward of the allowance for loan losses for the last five quarters and the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

The allowance for loan losses was   $10.6 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $8.4 million   as of   December 31, 2015  .  The   increase   of   $2.2 million  , or   26.5%  , was due primarily to the growth in commercial and other consumer loan balances. During the   third   quarter   2016  , the Company recorded net   charge-offs   of   $1.7 million  , compared to net   recoveries   of   $0.1 million   during the   third   quarter   2015  . During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded net   charge-offs   of   $1.9 million  , compared to net   recoveries   of   $0.7 million   during   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in net charge-offs for both the third quarter 2016 and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due to the Company charging off the full balance of a commercial and industrial loan it placed on nonaccrual status during the second quarter 2016. 
    
   The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans remained stable at   0.88%   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to 0.88% as of   December 31, 2015  .  Due primarily to the increase in nonaccrual loans, the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of nonperforming loans   decreased   to   932.1%   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to 5,000.6% as of   December 31, 2015  . 

38 

Investment Securities 
    
  The following tables present the amortized cost and approximate fair value of our investment portfolio by security type for the last five quarters.    

The approximate fair value of investment securities available-for-sale   increased     $257.3 million  , or   120.4%  , to   $471.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   compared to   $213.7 million   as of   December 31, 2015  . During the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company deployed funds generated through deposit growth to purchase additional securities to further diversify the securities portfolio and enhance net interest income while supporting liquidity and interest rate risk management.  The   increase   was due primarily to increases of   $133.0 million   in mortgage-backed securities,   $76.0 million   in municipal securities and   $48.2 million   in U.S. Government-sponsored agencies.  During the third quarter 2016, the Company purchased $5.5 million in corporate securities with the intention to hold these securities to maturity.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had purchased   $2.2 million   of securities available-for-sale that had not settled. This obligation is recorded within accrued expenses and other liabilities on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

39 

Deposits     
    
  The following table presents the composition of the Company s deposit base for the last five quarters. 

Total deposits   increased     $537.5 million  , or   56.2%  , to   $1.5 billion   as of   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $956.1 million   as of   December 31, 2015  .  This increase was due primarily to increases of   $499.9 million  , or   106.2%  , in certificates of deposits,   $22.8 million  , or   6.7%  , in money market accounts,   $9.2 million  , or   39.0%  , in noninterest-bearing deposits,   $4.9 million  , or   21.3%  , in regular savings accounts and   $0.7 million  , or   0.8%  , in interest-bearing demand deposits.  The increase in the balance of certificates of deposits during the first nine months of 2016 was primarily due to the Company s concentrated efforts to capitalize on customer demand for longer duration deposit products and to enhance liquidity and asset/liability management. 

Recent Common Stock Offerings 
    
  In May 2016, the Company and the Bank entered into a Sales Agency Agreement with Sandler O Neill   Partners, L.P. (the  Agent ) to sell shares (the  ATM Shares ) of the Company s common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $25.0 million, from time to time, through an  at-the-market  equity offering program (the  ATM Program ).  The sales, if any, of the ATM Shares, may be made in sales deemed to be  at-the-market offerings  as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including sales made directly on or through The NASDAQ Stock Market, or another market for the Company s common stock, sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange or otherwise, in negotiated transactions at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at negotiated prices, or as otherwise agreed with the Agent.  Subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agency Agreement, upon its acceptance of written instructions from the Company, the Agent will use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell on the Company s behalf all of the designated ATM Shares.  The Sales Agency Agreement provides for the Company to pay the Agent a commission of up to 3.0% of the gross sales price per share sold through it as sales agent under the Sales Agency Agreement.  The Company may also sell ATM Shares under the Sales Agency Agreement to the Agent, as principal for its own account, at a price per share agreed upon at the time of sale. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by the Company from time to time.  The Company has no obligation to sell any of the ATM Shares under the Sales Agency Agreement, and may at any time suspend solicitation and offers under the Sales Agency Agreement. In addition, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Agent against certain liabilities on customary terms.  The Company did not sell any shares through the ATM Program during the three months ended September 30, 2016. The Company has sold a total of 139,811 ATM Shares through the ATM Program for gross proceeds of approximately $3.4 million. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   $21.6 million   remained available for sale under the ATM Program. 
    
  In May 2016, the Company separately entered into an Underwriting Agreement with the Agent, pursuant to which the Company sold an additional 895,955 shares of common stock at $24.00 per share, resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $21.5 million. 
    
  The net proceeds to the Company from the above offerings after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses was $22.8 million. 
    
  Debt Offerings 
    
  In October 2015, the Company entered into a term loan in the principal amount of $10.0 million, evidenced by a term note due 2025 (the  2025 Note ).  The 2025 Note bears a fixed interest rate of 6.4375% per year, payable quarterly, and is scheduled to mature on October 1, 2025.  The 2025 Note represents an unsecured subordinated obligation of the Company and may be repaid, without penalty, on any interest payment date on or after October 15, 2020.  The 2025 Note is intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines.  

40 

In September 2016, the Company issued $25.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.0% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2026 (the  2026 Notes ) in a public offering.  The 2026 Notes initially bear a fixed interest rate of 6.00% per year to, but excluding September 30, 2021, and thereafter at a floating rate equal to the then-current three-month LIBOR rate plus 485 basis points.  All interest on the 2026 Notes is payable quarterly. The 2026 Notes are scheduled to mature on September 30, 2026.  The 2026 Notes are unsecured subordinated obligations of the Company and may be repaid, without penalty, on any interest payment date on or after September 30, 2021.  The 2026 Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. Subsequent to the end of the quarter, the 2026 Notes commenced trading on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol  INBKL.  
    
  Capital 
    
  The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by state and federal banking agencies.  Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations, involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices.   Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about components, risk weighting and other factors. 
    
  The Basel III Capital Rules became effective for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015, subject to a phase-in period for certain provisions.  Quantitative measures established by the Basel III Capital Rules to ensure capital adequacy require the maintenance of minimum amounts and ratios of Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital, as defined in the regulations, to risk-weighted assets, and of Tier 1 capital to adjusted quarterly average assets ( Leverage Ratio ). 
    
  When fully phased in on January 1, 2019, the Basel III Capital Rules will require the Company and the Bank to maintain: 1) a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5%, plus a 2.5%  capital conservation buffer  (resulting in a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 7.0% upon full implementation); 2) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6.0%, plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5% upon full implementation); 3) a minimum ratio of Total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0%, plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Total capital ratio of 10.5% upon full implementation); and 4) a minimum Leverage Ratio of 4.0%. 
    
  The implementation of the capital conservation buffer began on January 1, 2016 at the 0.625% level and will be phased in over a four-year period increasing by increments of that amount on each subsequent January 1 until it reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019.  The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress.  Failure to maintain the minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio plus the capital conservation buffer will result in potential restrictions on a banking institution s ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock and/or pay discretionary compensation to its employees. 
    
  The following tables present actual and required capital ratios as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   for the Company and the Bank under the Basel III Capital Rules.  The minimum required capital amounts presented include the minimum required capital levels as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   based on the phase-in provisions of the Basel III Capital Rules and the minimum required capital levels as of January 1, 2019 when the Basel III Capital Rules have been fully phased-in. Capital levels required to be considered well capitalized are based upon prompt corrective action regulations, as amended to reflect the changes under the Basel III Capital Rules. 
  
   41 

42 

Shareholders  Dividends 
    
  The Company s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend for the   third   quarter   2016   of $0.06 per share of common stock payable   October 17, 2016   to shareholders of record as of   September 30, 2016  .  The Company expects to continue to pay cash dividends on a quarterly basis; however, the declaration and amount of any future cash dividends will be subject to the sole discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including its results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, regulatory and contractual restrictions (including with respect to the Company s outstanding subordinated debt), business strategy and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors.  
    
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $38.0 million principal amount of subordinated debt outstanding pursuant to the 2021 Debenture, the 2025 Note, and the 2026 Notes.  The agreements under which subordinated debt was issued prohibit the Company from paying any dividends on its common stock or making any other distributions to shareholders at any time when there shall have occurred and be continuing an event of default under the applicable agreement.  If an event of default were to occur and the Company did not cure it, the Company would be prohibited from paying any dividends or making any other distributions to shareholders or from redeeming or repurchasing any common stock. 
    
  Capital Resources 
    
  While the Company believes it has sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet its cash and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months, including any cash dividends it may pay, the Company intends to continue pursuing its growth strategy, which may require additional capital.  If the Company is unable to secure such capital at favorable terms, its ability to execute its growth strategy could be adversely affected. 
    
  Liquidity 
    
  Liquidity management is the process used by the Company to manage the continuing flow of funds necessary to meet its financial commitments on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost while also maintaining safe and sound operations.  Liquidity, represented by cash and investment securities, is a product of the Company s operating, investing and financing activities.  The primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and investment securities, maturing loans and investment securities, access to wholesale funding sources and collateralized borrowings.  While scheduled payments and maturities of loans and investment securities are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows are greatly influenced by interest rates, general economic conditions and competition.  Therefore, the Company supplements deposit growth and enhances interest rate risk management through borrowings, which are generally advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank. 
    
  The Company maintains cash and investment securities that qualify as liquid assets to maintain adequate liquidity to ensure safe and sound operations and meet its financial commitments.  At   September 30, 2016  , on a consolidated basis, the Company had   $539.1 million   in cash and cash equivalents, interest-bearing time deposits and investment securities available-for-sale and   $32.5 million   in loans held-for-sale that were generally available for its cash needs.  The Company can also generate funds from wholesale funding sources and collateralized borrowings.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Bank had the ability to borrow an additional   $324.5 million   in advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank, the Federal Reserve and correspondent bank Fed Funds lines of credit. 
    
  The Company is a separate legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity.  In addition to its operating expenses, the Company is responsible for paying any dividends declared to its common stockholders and interest and principal on outstanding debt.  The Company s primary sources of funds are cash maintained at the holding company level and dividends from the Bank, the payment of which is subject to regulatory limits.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company, on an unconsolidated basis, had   $17.3 million   in cash generally available for its cash needs, which is in excess of its current annual regular shareholder dividend and operating expenses. 
    
  The Company uses its sources of funds primarily to meet ongoing financial commitments, including withdrawals by depositors, credit commitments to borrowers, operating expenses and capital expenditures. At   September 30, 2016  , approved outstanding loan commitments, including unused lines of credit and standby letters of credit, amounted to   $129.6 million  . Certificates of deposits scheduled to mature in one year or less at   September 30, 2016   totaled   $401.3 million  . Generally, the Company believes that a majority of maturing deposits will remain with the Bank. 
    
  Management is not aware of any other events or regulatory requirements that, if implemented, are likely to have a material effect on either the Company s or the Bank s liquidity. 

43 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  This Management s Discussion and Analysis contains financial information determined by methods other than in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ).  Non-GAAP financial measures, specifically tangible common equity, tangible assets, average tangible common equity, tangible book value per common share, return on average tangible common equity and tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio are used by the Company s management to measure the strength of its capital and its ability to generate earnings on tangible capital invested by its shareholders.  Although the Company believes these non-GAAP measures provide a greater understanding of its business, they should not be considered a substitute for financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP performance measures that may be presented by other companies.  Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the following table for the past five quarters and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  There have been no material changes in the Company s critical accounting policies or estimates from those disclosed in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

44 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Refer to Note 12 of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into financial transactions to extend credit and forms of commitments that may be considered off-balance sheet arrangements.  The Company enters into forward contracts related to its mortgage banking business to hedge the exposures from commitments to extend new residential mortgage loans to customers and from its mortgage loans held-for-sale.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had commitments to sell residential real estate loans of   $115.7 million   and   $42.7 million  , respectively.  These contracts mature in less than one year.  The Company does not believe that off-balance sheet arrangements have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
       
  Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments due to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices.  The primary source of market risk for the Company is interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is the risk to earnings and the value of the Company s equity resulting from changes in market interest rates and arises in the normal course of business to the extent that there are timing and volume differences between the amount of interest-earning assets and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities that are prepaid, withdrawn, re-priced or mature in specified periods.  The Company seeks to achieve consistent growth in net interest income and equity while managing volatility arising from shifts in market interest rates.  
  The Company monitors its interest rate risk position using income simulation models and economic value of equity ( EVE ) sensitivity analysis that capture both short-term and long-term interest rate risk exposure.  Income simulation involves forecasting net interest income ( NII ) under a variety of interest rate scenarios.  The Company uses EVE sensitivity analysis to understand the impact of changes in interest rates on long-term cash flows, income and capital.  EVE is calculated by discounting the cash flows for all balance sheet instruments under different interest-rate scenarios.  Modeling the sensitivity of NII and EVE to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on the assumptions incorporated into the modeling process.  The Company continually reviews and refines the assumptions used in its interest rate risk modeling.  
  Presented below is the estimated impact on the Company s NII and EVE position as of   September 30, 2016  , assuming parallel shifts in interest rates: 

1    Because certain current interest rates are at or below 1.00%, the 100 basis point downward shock assumes that certain corresponding interest rates approach an implied floor that, in effect, reflects a decrease of less than the full 100 basis point downward shock.  
  The Company s objective is to manage the balance sheet with a bias toward asset sensitivity while simultaneously balancing the potential earnings impact of this strategy.  A  risk-neutral  position refers to the absence of a strong bias toward either asset or liability sensitivity.  An  asset sensitive  position refers to when the characteristics of the balance sheet are expected to generate higher net interest income when interest rates, primarily short-term rates, increase as rates earned on interest-earning assets would reprice upward more quickly or in greater quantities than rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities would reprice.  A  liability sensitive  position refers to when the characteristics of the balance sheet are expected to generate lower net interest income when short-term interest rates increase as rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities would reprice upward more quickly or in greater quantities than rates earned on interest-earning assets. 
  
   45 

ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
       
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information it is required to disclose in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in SEC rules and forms.  These controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, the Company has recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.  Management is required to apply judgment in evaluating its controls and procedures. 
    
  The Company performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, to assess the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures under the Exchange Act.  Based on that evaluation, the principal executive and principal financial officers concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 

46 

PART II 

ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
       
  The Company is not party to any material legal proceedings.  From time to time, the Bank is a party to legal actions arising from its normal business activities. 

ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS 
       
  Other than set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, of the Company s  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
   We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our debt. 
          Our ability to make scheduled payments of principal and interest, or to satisfy our obligations in respect of our debt or to refinance our debt, will depend on our future performance of our operating subsidiaries.  Prevailing economic conditions (including interest rates), regulatory constraints, including, among other things, limiting distributions to us from the Bank and required capital levels with respect to the Bank and certain of our nonbank subsidiaries, and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, will also affect our ability to meet these needs.  Our subsidiaries may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or we may be unable to obtain future borrowings in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt, or to fund our other liquidity needs.  We may need to refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before maturity.  We may not be able to refinance any of our debt when needed on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

ITEM 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
       
  None.                  

ITEM 3. 
    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
       
  None. 

ITEM 4. 
    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
       
  Not Applicable. 

ITEM 5. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 
       
  None. 

47 

ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS 
       
  Unless otherwise indicated, all documents incorporated into this quarterly report on Form 10-Q by reference to a document filed with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act are located under SEC file number 1-35750. 

48 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FIRST INTERNET BANCORP 

Date: November 7, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ David B. Becker 

David B. Becker, 
  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (on behalf of Registrant) 

Date: November 7, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Kenneth J. Lovik 

Kenneth J. Lovik, 
  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

49 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
    
                       Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      
    Method of Filing 
      3.1 
      
    Articles of Incorporation of First Internet Bancorp 
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      3.2 
      
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of First Internet Bancorp, as amended March 18, 2013 
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      4.1 
      
    Subordinated Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2016, between First Internet Bancorp and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      4.2 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2016, between First Internet Bancorp and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      4.3 
      
    Form of Global Note representing 6.0% Subordinated Notes due 2026 
      
    Incorporated by Reference 
      31.1 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      31.2 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      32.1 
      
    Section 1350 Certifications 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
      
    Filed Electronically 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
      
    Filed Electronically 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 inbk-20160930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, David B. Becker, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Internet Bancorp; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 7, 2016 

/s/ David B. Becker 

David B. Becker, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 inbk-20160930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  I, Kenneth J. Lovik, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Internet Bancorp; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
       
           a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 7, 2016 

/s/ Kenneth J. Lovik 

Kenneth J. Lovik, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 inbk-20160930xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of First Internet Bancorp (the  Company") on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                 /s/  David B. Becker 
      
      David B. Becker 
      
      Chief Executive Officer 
      
      November 7, 2016 

/s/  Kenneth J. Lovik 
      
      Kenneth J. Lovik 
      
      Chief Financial Officer 
      
      November 7, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 inbk-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 inbk-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 inbk-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 inbk-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 inbk-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 inbk-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

