<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1429386_0001144204-16-131838_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3572919</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>115047</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>193126</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1038413</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1523461</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>622825</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>27</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131838.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107060303
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131838
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PHASERX, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001429386
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				204690620
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37772
		FILM NUMBER:		161976442

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 WEST HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-805-6300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		410 WEST HARRISON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHASERX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080311

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131838.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v451594_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended  September
30, 2016  

For the transition period from _______ to
_______ 

Commission file number:  001-37772  

PhaseRx, Inc.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (206) 805-6300  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x 
 No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x 
 No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company   x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     
 No   x  

As of November 4, 2016, the registrant had 11,690,329 shares
of common stock outstanding. 

PHASERX, INC.  

FORM 10-Q  

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

2   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

PhaseRx, Inc.  

    Balance Sheets  

  (in thousands, except share and per share
amounts)  

See Notes to Financial Statements 

3   

PhaseRx, Inc.  

    Statements of Operations  

  (in thousands, except per share amounts)  

  (unaudited)  

See Notes to Financial Statements 

4   

PhaseRx, Inc.  

    Statements of Comprehensive Loss  

  (In thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

See Notes to Financial Statements 

5   

PhaseRx, Inc.  

    Statements of Cash Flows  

  (in thousands)  

  (unaudited)  

See Notes to Financial
Statements 

6   

Notes to Unaudited Financial Statements  

1. Business and Basis of Presentation  

PhaseRx, Inc. (referred to as the  Company, 
 we,   us,  or  our ) was incorporated in the State of Delaware on March 9, 2006 and is located
in Seattle, Washington. We are a biopharmaceutical company developing a portfolio of products for the treatment of inherited enzyme
deficiencies in the liver using intracellular enzyme replacement therapy, or i-ERT. Our i-ERT approach is enabled by our proprietary
Hybrid messenger RNA, or mRNA, Technology platform, which allows synthesis of the missing enzyme inside the cell. Our initial product
portfolio targets the three urea cycle disorders ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency, or OTCD, argininosuccinate lyase deficiency,
or ASL deficiency, and argininosuccinate synthetase deficiency, or ASS1 deficiency. In June 2016, we selected PRX-OTC as our lead
product candidate for treatment of OTCD and demonstrated preclinical proof of concept for a second product candidate PRX-ASL, for
the treatment of ASL deficiency. We expect to obtain human clinical safety and efficacy data in OTCD patients for our first program
in 2018. 

Our activities since inception have consisted
principally of performing research and development activities and raising capital. Our activities are subject to significant risks
and uncertainties, including possible failure of preclinical testing and failing to secure additional funding before we achieve
sustainable revenue and profit from operations. As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $66.0 million. 

Initial Public Offering   

In May 2016, we completed our initial public
offering ( IPO ) and sold 3,700,000 shares of common stock at a price of $5.00 per share to the public. The shares
began trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market on May 18, 2016. The aggregate net proceeds received by us from the IPO, net of underwriting
discounts and commissions and offering expenses, was $16.5 million. Immediately prior to the pricing of the IPO, all then outstanding
shares of our convertible preferred stock, convertible notes and loans were converted into 7,040,380 shares of common stock and
warrants were exercised by cashless exercise to purchase 303,096 shares of common stock. The related carrying value of shares of
preferred stock, notes and warrants in the aggregate amount of $51.6 million was reclassified as common stock and additional paid-in
capital. Additionally, we amended and restated our certificate of incorporation, effective May 17, 2016 to, among other things,
change the authorized number of shares of common stock to 50,000,000 and the authorized number of shares of preferred stock to
5,000,000. 

Prior to the IPO, our recurring operating
losses raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. After we successfully completed the IPO and secured
a term loan with Hercules Capital, Inc. (see detailed disclosure in note 4) we believe we have sufficient cash to fund our operations
for at least the next 12 months. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying interim balance sheet as
of September 30, 2016, the statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
the statements of comprehensive loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the statements of cash
flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the related footnote disclosures are unaudited. The accompanying
unaudited financial statements reflect, in the opinion of our management, all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring
adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of financial position, results of operations, comprehensive loss and cash flows
for each period presented in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim
financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain information
and disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted from
the accompanying statements. These interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements
and related notes thereto included in our final prospectus dated May 17, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act )
on May 18, 2016. The accompanying financial information as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited 2015 financial
statements included in the final prospectus. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016, or any other future period. 

7   

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities,
revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

In preparing these financial statements,
management has made its best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements, giving due consideration
to materiality. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, fair value measurements,
financing activities, accruals and other contingencies. 

Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities   

We invest our excess cash in investment
grade short- to intermediate-term fixed income securities. Such investments are included in cash and cash equivalents or marketable
securities, on the balance sheets, classified as available-for-sale and reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses
included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Realized gains and losses on the sale of these securities are recognized
in net income or loss. We consider all highly liquid investments with original maturities at purchase of 90 days or less to be
cash equivalents, an investment with a maturity greater than twelve months from the balance sheet date as long-term marketable
securities and a maturity less than twelve months as short-term at the balance sheet date. Our cash equivalents and marketable
securities consist principally of commercial paper and money market securities. 

Interest earned on securities is included
in interest income. Gains are recognized when realized in our statements of operations. Losses are recognized when realized or
when we have determined that an other-than-temporary decline in fair value has occurred. The cost of securities sold is based on
the specific identification method. 

We periodically evaluate whether declines
in fair values of our investments below their cost are other-than-temporary. This evaluation consists of several qualitative and
quantitative factors regarding the severity and duration of the unrealized loss as well as our ability and intent to hold the investment
until a forecasted recovery occurs. Factors considered include quoted market prices, recent financial results and operating trends,
credit quality of debt instrument issuers, other publicly available information that may affect the value of our investments, duration
and severity of the decline in value, and our strategy and intentions for holding the investment. Additionally, we assess whether
it is more likely than not we will be required to sell any investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis. 

8   

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

We establish the fair value of our assets
and liabilities using the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. We established a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to measure
fair value. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1:  Quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities. 

Level 2:  Inputs, other than the quoted prices in
active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3:  Unobservable inputs in which little or no
market data exists, therefore determined using estimates and assumptions developed by us, which reflect those that a market participant
would use. 

We measure and report at fair value our
cash equivalents and marketable securities. The carrying value of accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their respective
fair values due to their relative short maturities. The carrying value of our Hercules term loan approximates fair value because
the interest rate is reflective of the rate we could obtain on debt with similar terms and conditions. We estimated the fair value
of the preferred stock warrant liability using Level 3 inputs. 

We may apply the fair value option to any
eligible financial assets or liabilities, which permits an instrument by instrument irrevocable election to account for selected
financial assets and liabilities at fair value. To date, we have not applied this election. 

Deferred Financing Costs   

We defer costs related to the issuance of
debt and include them on the accompanying balance sheets as a deduction from the debt liability. Deferred financing costs are amortized
over the term of the related loan using the effective interest method and are included as a component of interest expense on the
accompanying statements of operations. 

9   

Research and Development Costs   

Research and development costs are expensed
as incurred. Research and development costs include salaries and personnel-related costs, consulting fees, fees paid for contract
research services, the costs of laboratory supplies, equipment and facilities, license fees and other external costs. Non-refundable
advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are deferred
and capitalized. The capitalized amounts are expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

We expense the cost of employee services
received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant date fair value of such instruments. We use the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to calculate the fair value of any equity instruments on the grant date. We recognize stock-based compensation,
net of estimated forfeitures, on the graded-vesting method as expense over the requisite service period. The use of the Black-Scholes
option pricing model requires management to make assumptions with respect to volatility, expected option term and fair value of
our common stock. Measurement of stock-based compensation for options granted to nonemployees is subject to periodic adjustment
as the underlying equity instruments vest. 

We have granted stock options with performance
conditions to certain executive officers and directors. At each reporting date, we evaluate whether the achievement of the performance
conditions is probable. Compensation expense is recorded over the appropriate service period based upon our assessment of achievement
of each performance condition or the occurrence of the event which will trigger the options to vest. 

Comprehensive Loss   

Comprehensive loss is comprised of net loss
and other comprehensive income or loss. Other comprehensive income or loss consists of unrealized gains and losses on marketable
securities. 

Net Loss Per Share   

The computation of basic and diluted net
loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted average shares outstanding during the period and excludes all
outstanding stock options, warrants, preferred stock, as well as shares issuable upon conversion of all outstanding convertible
notes and term loans from the calculation of diluted net loss per common share, as all such securities are anti-dilutive to the
computation for all the periods presented. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the computation of diluted
net loss per share excluded 1,446,658 shares. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the computation of
diluted net loss per share excluded 6,321,842 shares. 

10   

The following table presents the calculation
of basic and diluted net loss per share: 

Concentration of Risk   

We maintain our cash, cash equivalents and
investments with high quality, accredited financial institutions. These amounts at times may exceed federally insured limits. We
have not experienced any credit losses in such accounts and do not believe we are exposed to significant risk on these funds. Our
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances of $18.5 million and $3.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 were uninsured. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standard Update, or ASU, No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ,
which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition  . This ASU is based on the principle
that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure
about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The ASU is effective
for public entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. In June 2015, the FASB deferred for one year the effective
date of the new revenue guidance, with an option that would permit companies to adopt the guidance as early as the original effective
date. Early adoption prior to the original effective date is not permitted. We are evaluating the impact this guidance may have
on our revenue recognition, but do not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

11   

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The ASU is intended to provide more transparent and economically neutral information about the assets
and liabilities that arise from leases than previous guidance. The ASU is effective for public entities for annual periods beginning
on or after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, and adoption must be applied on a modified retrospective basis. We
are evaluating the impact of this guidance but do not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  which amends ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation .
The ASU includes provisions intended to simplify various provisions related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented
in the financial statements. The ASU is effective for public entities for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016
and interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. We are evaluating
the impact of this guidance but do not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments: Credit Losses  that changes the impairment model for most financial instruments, including trade receivables
from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach, based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses
will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information, current information and reasonable and supportable
forecasts. This ASU is effective for us in the first quarter of 2020 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition
approach. We are evaluating the impact of this guidance but do not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on our
financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  that clarifies how certain cash receipts
and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for us in the first quarter
of 2018 with early adoption permitted and must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. We are evaluating the impact
of this guidance but do not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

3. Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities  

We did not have any available-for-sale security
holdings in 2015. Securities available-for-sale at cost and fair market value by contractual maturity as of September 30, 2016
were as follows: 

12   

We did not incur any realized gains and
losses on sales of available-for-sale securities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. None of the securities
have been in a continuous unrealized loss position for more than 12 months as of September 30, 2016. 

Marketable securities available-for-sale
consisted of the following as of September 30, 2016: 

Fair values were determined for each individual
security in the investment portfolio. We utilize third-party pricing services for all security valuations. We review the pricing
methodology, including the collection of market information, used by the third-party pricing services. On a periodic basis, we
also review and validate the pricing information received from the third-party providers. 

13   

4. Term Loan, Convertible Notes Payable and Other Debt  

Hercules Term Loan and Warrants   

On June 7, 2016, we
entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) by and among us, the several banks and other financial
institutions or entities from time to time parties to the Loan Agreement (the  Lenders ) and Hercules Capital, Inc.
( Hercules ), in its capacity as administrative agent for itself and the Lenders, pursuant to which the Lenders agreed
to make a term loan available to us for working capital and general business purposes, in a principal amount of up to $8 million
(the  Term Loan ). On June 7, 2016, the Lenders funded $6 million of the Term Loan. An additional $2 million of the
Term Loan may be requested by us during the period commencing upon us entering into an arms-length strategic corporate development
transaction that is validating in the agent s and Lenders  sole discretion (the  Milestone Event ) and
ending upon the earlier to occur of (a) December 15, 2016, (b) the date which is 45 days after the consummation of the Milestone
Event and (c) the occurrence of an event of default under the Loan Agreement. The Term Loan is secured by substantially all of
our assets other than our intellectual property. 

The Term Loan bears
interest at a floating annual rate equal to the greater of (i) 9.25% and (ii) the sum of (a) 9.25%, plus (b) the prime rate as
reported by The Wall Street Journal minus 3.50%, resulting in a rate of 9.25% as of September 30, 2016. We are required to make
interest payments in cash on the first business day of each month, beginning on July 1, 2016. The Term Loan will begin amortizing
on July 3, 2017, in equal monthly installments of principal and interest, with such payments beginning on July 3, 2017, and continuing
on the first business day of each month thereafter until the Term Loan is repaid. The final maturity date of the Term Loan is December
2, 2019. Upon repayment of the term loan, we are required to pay an end of term charge to the Lenders equal to 5.85% of the aggregate
original principal amount of all Term Loan advances extended by the Lenders to us. 

At our option, we may
prepay all or any portion of the outstanding principal balance and all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the principal
balance being prepaid of the Term Loan, subject to a prepayment fee of 3% of the amount prepaid if the prepayment occurs on or
prior to June 7, 2017, 2% of the amount prepaid if the prepayment occurs after June 7, 2017 but on or prior to June 7, 2018, or
1% of the amount prepaid if the prepayment occurs after June 7, 2018. 

In connection with
the Loan Agreement, we also issued to Hercules Technology III, L.P., as the sole Lender on June 7, 2016, a warrant to purchase
up to 63,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.00 per share. In the event that any additional Term Loans are made
to us, the warrant will be exercisable for up to an additional number of shares of common stock equal to (i) $105,000 divided by
(ii) the volume-weighted average daily price for a share of common stock for the 30 consecutive trading days ending on the trading
day immediately preceding the date on which the warrant becomes exercisable for such additional shares (the  Additional Shares
Exercise Price ), at the Additional Shares Exercise Price. The warrant may be exercised either for cash or on a cashless
 net exercise  basis. The warrant is immediately exercisable and expires on June 7, 2021. 

The warrant issued
met the requirements to be accounted for as equity. The $212,000 fair value of the warrant was determined using the Black-Scholes
option model with the following assumptions: no dividend yield; expected life of 5 years; risk-free interest rate of 1.23%; and
volatility rate of 81.6%. The proceeds from the Term Loan were allocated between the debt and warrant based on their relative fair
values. The relative fair value of the warrant amounted to $205,000 and was recorded as an increase in the additional paid-in capital
and debt discount. 

14   

The total debt discount,
inclusive of the end of term charge and other fees, amounted to $659,000 related to this Term Loan is being amortized to interest
expense over the term of the Term Loan. 

15   

Interest expense   

We recognized total interest expense of
$233,000 and $480,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We recognized total interest expense
of $1.8 million and $1.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

5. Fair Value Measurements  

The following table sets forth the fair
value of our assets and liabilities measured at fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

16   

December 31, 2015     
 
     Description    
     Balance       
     Quoted Prices in  Active Markets for  Identical Assets  (Level 1)       
     Significant  Other  Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)       
     Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  (Level 3)     

(In thousands)     
 
     Financial Assets:    

Money market    
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Commercial paper    

Total financial assets    
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     

Add Cash:    
     $  3,290       

Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities    
     $  3,290       

Financial Liabilities:    

Preferred stock warrant liability    
     $  3,163       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  3,163     

Total financial liabilities    
     $  3,163       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  3,163     

The warrants exercisable into Series A preferred
stock were issued in connection with the issuance of convertible notes. We determined the fair value of warrants using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following assumptions (level 3 inputs): no dividend yield; expected life ranging from 3.1 to 7.0
years; risk-free interest rates ranging from 1.3% to 2.1%; and volatility rates ranging from 84.0% to 97.7%. The value of our underlying
preferred stock was assumed to be equal to Series A preferred stock liquidation preference value of $1.00 per share. 

17   

The changes in the balances of the Level
3 preferred stock warrant liability measured at fair value for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were
as follows (in thousands): 

18   

6. Stock-Based Compensation    

We granted incentive stock options to employees
and members of the board of directors for their services on the board of directors and nonqualified stock options to nonemployee
consultants for their consulting services. Options, in general, either vest in 48 equal monthly installments or 25% on the first
year anniversary and 1/48  th  of the granted options monthly thereafter, such that options are fully vested on the four-year
anniversary of the date of grant. 

At September 30, 2016 we had unrecognized
compensation cost of $1.7 million and will be recognized over the weighted-average remaining service period of approximately 1.7
years. 

Stock-based compensation expense has been included in the Statement
of Operations as follows (in thousands): 

19   

The fair value of the stock options was
estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The risk-free interest rates used in
the Black-Scholes option pricing model are based on the implied yield currently available in United States Treasury
securities at maturity with an equivalent term. We have limited stock option exercise information. Accordingly, the expected
term of stock options granted was calculated using the simplified method, which represents the average of the contractual
term of the stock option and the weighted-average vesting period of the stock option. We have not declared or paid any
dividends and do not currently expect to do so in the foreseeable future. The value of our underlying common stock was
determined by the board of directors, which relied in part upon the report of third party valuation specialists and input
from our management prior to the IPO. Expected volatility is based on an average volatility of stock prices for a group of
similar publicly traded companies. The fair value of each stock option award is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

20   

7. Commitments and Contingencies  

In February 2010, we entered into two lease
agreements for approximately 14,200 square feet of office, research and development facilities, which became effective in May 2010.
The landlord of the facilities is one of our investors. Each lease was for a 65 month term, with a five-year renewal option. Both
of the lease agreements included reduced rental payments in the initial years of the 65 month term. In September 2015, we entered
agreements to extend the leases to August 2016. We calculated the total rent due over the lease term and are recording equal monthly
rent expense over the term. Differences between the recorded rent expense and actual rent paid each month result in an increase
or decrease to deferred rent. We also received incentives from the landlord totaling $605,000 to fund certain tenant improvements.
These improvements were capitalized as leasehold improvements, with a corresponding credit recorded to deferred rent. The deferred
rent balance is being reduced in equal monthly installments over the lease term as a reduction to rent expense. On February 23,
2016, we entered into agreements to extend the terms of the leases to November 30, 2016. 

In September 2016, we extended the term
of the lease agreements through November 30, 2021. In addition to minimum rent, the leases also require payment of real estate
taxes, insurance, common area maintenance charge and other costs. These costs are not included in the table below. We recognize
rent expense under such arrangements on a straight-line basis over the effective term of the leases. The following table summarizes
our future minimum lease commitments as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

Rent expense for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $206,000 and $174,000, respectively. Rent expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 was $618,000 and $494,000, respectively. 

21   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following discussion and analysis
summarizes the significant factors affecting our operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows as of and for
the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim financial
statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Unless the context provides otherwise, all
references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  PhaseRx,   we,   us,   our, 
the  Company,  or similar terms, refer to PhaseRx, Inc. and its directly and indirectly owned subsidiaries on a consolidated
basis.  

Forward-Looking Statements  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains
forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, prospective products,
product approvals, timing and likelihood of success, plans and objectives of management for future operations, and future results
of current and anticipated products are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as  may,   will,   should,   expect,   plan, 
 anticipate,   could,   intend,   target,   project,   contemplates, 
 believes,   estimates,   predicts,   potential  or  continue  or the
negative of these terms or other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are
only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future
events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties
and assumptions described under the sections in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q entitled  Risk Factors  and  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and in the sections entitled  Risk Factors 
and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our final prospectus
dated May 17, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, on May 18, 2016. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks
and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified and some of which are beyond our control, you should not rely
on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking
statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking
statements. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties may emerge from time to time, and
it is not possible for us to predict all risk factors and uncertainties. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, whether as a result of any new information, future events,
changed circumstances or otherwise. 

22   

Overview  

We are a biopharmaceutical company developing
a portfolio of products for the treatment of inherited enzyme deficiencies in the liver using intracellular enzyme replacement
therapy, or i-ERT, and expect to generate clinical safety and efficacy data in 2018. We are not aware of any other enzyme replacement
therapies for intracellular enzyme deficiencies currently being marketed for inherited enzyme deficiencies in the liver, and believe
that the commercial potential for i-ERT is completely untapped and similar to the large and growing $4 billion worldwide market
for conventional enzyme replacement therapy, or ERT, which includes drugs such as Cerezyme   . Our i-ERT approach is enabled
by our proprietary Hybrid messenger RNA, or Hybrid mRNA Technology  platform, which allows synthesis of the missing enzyme
inside the cell. Our initial product portfolio targets the three urea cycle disorders ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency, or
OTCD, argininosuccinate lyase deficiency, or ASL deficiency, and argininosuccinate synthetase deficiency, or ASS1 deficiency. We
have preclinical proofs of concept in two mouse models of the urea cycle disorders showing significant reductions in the level
of blood ammonia, which we believe is an approvable endpoint by the Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, for the demonstration
of efficacy in human clinical trials of the urea cycle disorders. To our knowledge, there are no ERT products on the market to
treat these diseases, because the urea cycle reaction occurs inside the cell and is inaccessible to the administered enzyme. In
contrast, we expect delivery of the missing enzyme using i-ERT with our Hybrid mRNA Technology to be a promising approach to treat
these patients. Beyond the urea cycle disorders, we believe there are a significant number of inherited disorders of metabolism
in the liver that are candidates for our therapeutic approach and that our Hybrid mRNA Technology can be adapted to develop mRNA
therapeutics for the treatment of other inherited liver disorders using our platform. 

Our i-ERT approach is accomplished by delivering
normal copies of the mRNA that make the missing enzyme inside the liver cell, thereby enabling proper physiological function and
correcting the disease. A key challenge with mRNA therapeutics historically has been their satisfactory delivery into the patients 
cells. We believe that our Hybrid mRNA Technology addresses these difficulties and enables synthesis of the desired protein in
the hepatocyte, which is the chief functional cell type in the liver harboring the metabolic cycles that need to be corrected in
metabolic liver diseases. We believe our technology is superior to alternative technologies because, based upon peer-reviewed journal
articles and presentations of our competitors and our internal preclinical studies, it results in high-level synthesis of the desired
protein in the hepatocyte, has better tolerability and can be repeat-dosed without loss of effectiveness, thus enabling treatment
of chronic conditions. 

We are focused on inherited, single-gene
disorders of metabolism in the liver that result in deficiency of an intracellular enzyme and thus have been unable to be treated
with conventional ERT. Some inherited orphan liver diseases, such as the lysosomal storage disorders, can be successfully treated
with conventional ERT. However, this approach does not work for many of the inherited orphan liver diseases, including the urea
cycle disorders, because the missing enzyme is inside the cell, and the administered enzyme is unable to get inside the target
cell where it is needed to be therapeutically active. Our approach is to deliver mRNA encoding the missing enzyme into the cell
using our Hybrid mRNA Technology, such that the mRNA makes the missing enzyme inside the cell, restores the intracellular enzyme
function and corrects the disease. 

23   

As noted above, our initial focus is on
urea cycle disorders, which are a group of rare genetic diseases generally characterized by the body s inability to remove
ammonia from the blood. The urea cycle consists of several enzymes, including OTC, ASL and ASS1. Since the urea cycle reactions
occur inside the cell, conventional ERT does not work as a treatment for these disorders. Urea cycle disorders are caused by a
genetic mutation that results in a deficiency of one of the enzymes of the urea cycle that is responsible for removing ammonia
from the bloodstream, causing elevated levels of ammonia in the blood. The elevated ammonia then reaches the brain through the
circulation, where it causes cumulative and irreversible neurological damage, and can result in coma and death. While currently
marketed ammonia scavengers such as Ravicti     (glycerol phenylbutyrate) and Buphenyl     (sodium phenylbutyrate)
provide palliative care of the symptoms, liver transplant is the only currently available cure for urea cycle disorders. Our goal
is to treat the urea cycle disorders by intravenous delivery of mRNA that makes the relevant missing urea cycle enzyme inside the
cell, thus reinstating control of blood ammonia. We believe that anticipated improvements in newborn screening and the availability
of corrective therapy will lead to improved diagnosis and survival rates among patients with urea cycle disorders. 

We have three therapeutic urea cycle disorder
programs under development: PRX-OTC to treat OTCD, PRX-ASL to treat ASL deficiency and PRX-ASS1 to treat ASS1 deficiency. Preclinical
efficacy has been established for PRX-OTC with two biological measures, including normalization of the level of ammonia in the
blood. In June 2016, we selected PRX-OTC as our lead product candidate and demonstrated preclinical proof of concept for the treatment
of a second product candidate, PRX-ASL. We plan to scale up the manufacturing of PRX-OTC and to test the safety and efficacy of
the Hybrid mRNA Technology in large animals by the end of 2016. We intend to initiate Investigational New Drug-enabling, or IND-enabling,
studies in the first half of 2017 and plan to start manufacturing clinical supplies of the lead urea cycle disorder product candidate
consistent with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, in the third quarter of 2017. We expect to file an IND application
with the FDA in the fourth quarter of 2017 for this candidate and to conduct Phase 2a/2b single- and repeat-dose clinical proof
of concept studies in OTCD patients that are expected to generate Phase 2a safety and efficacy data in the first half of 2018 and
Phase 2b safety and efficacy data in the second half of 2018, including measurement of reduction in blood ammonia. 

Financial Overview   

Our operations have been funded, to date,
primarily through the sale of our common stock in the initial public offering, or the IPO, debt financing, a series of private
placements of convertible preferred stock and issuance of convertible notes and warrants. From our inception through September
30, 2016, we have raised an aggregate of approximately $69.6 million to fund our operations, of which approximately $16.5 million,
net of $2.0 million in costs, was from our IPO in May 2016, $25.7 million was from the issuance of preferred stock and approximately
$20.2 million was from the issuance of convertible notes and warrants and $5.7 million, net of $307,000 in costs, from a secured
term loan from Hercules Capital, Inc., or Hercules. In addition, we received a $1.5 million upfront fee from Synageva BioPharma
Corp., or Synageva, in 2014 pursuant to a collaboration and development agreement with Synageva. 

24   

Operating Losses   

Since our inception, we have incurred significant
operating losses. Our net losses were $3.3 million and $1.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Our net losses were $16.7 million and $5.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of September
30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $66.0 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses
over the next several years. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year. We anticipate
that our expenses will increase significantly as we plan to conduct our preclinical studies, scale up the manufacturing process,
advance our research programs into clinical trials, continue to discover, validate and develop additional product candidates, expand
and protect our intellectual property portfolio, and hire additional development and scientific personnel. In addition, we expect
to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. 

Revenue   

We currently do not have any products approved
for sale in any jurisdiction and have not generated any revenue from product sales. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Our research and development expenses consist
primarily of costs incurred for our research activities, including our drug discovery efforts, and the development of our product
candidates, which include the following: 

25   

employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation;   

external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as consulting fees, research testing and preclinical studies of our product candidates;   

laboratory supplies, and acquiring, developing and manufacturing preclinical study materials;   

license fees; and   

costs of facilities, depreciation and other expenses.   

Research and development costs are expensed
as incurred. In certain circumstances, we will make non-refundable advance payments to purchase goods and services for future use
pursuant to contractual arrangements. In those instances, we defer and recognize an expense in the period that we receive or consume
the goods or services. 

At any point in time, we typically have
various early stage research and drug discovery projects ongoing. Our internal resources, employees and infrastructure are not
directly tied to any one research or drug discovery project and are typically deployed across multiple projects. As such, we do
not maintain information regarding the costs incurred for these early stage research and drug discovery programs on a project-specific
basis. 

The nature and efforts required to complete
a prospective research and development project are typically indeterminable at very early stages when research is primarily conceptual
and may have multiple applications. Once a focus towards developing a specific product candidate has been developed, we obtain
more visibility into the efforts that may be required to reach conclusion of the development phase. However, there are inherent
risks and uncertainties in developing novel biologics in a rapidly-changing industry environment. To obtain approval of a product
candidate from the FDA, we must, among other requirements, submit data supporting safety and efficacy as well as detailed information
on the manufacture and composition of the product candidate. In most cases, this entails extensive laboratory tests and preclinical
and clinical trials. The collection of this data, as well as the preparation of applications for review by the FDA, is costly in
time and effort, and may require significant capital investment. 

26   

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative expenses consist
primarily of salaries and related benefits, including stock-based compensation, related to our executive, finance and support functions
and not otherwise included in research and development expenses. Other general and administrative expenses include allocated facility
related costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, professional fees for auditing, tax, investor relations,
legal services and travel expenses. We expect that general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as we expand
our operating activities and incur additional costs associated with being a publicly-traded company. These increases will include
legal fees, accounting fees, directors  and officers  liability insurance premiums and fees associated with investor
relations. 

Interest Expense   

Interest expense consists primarily of cash
and non-cash interest expense related to our convertible notes and term loans. 

On June 7, 2016, we entered into a loan
and security agreement by and among us, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties
to the loan and security agreement and Hercules, in its capacity as administrative agent for itself and the lenders, pursuant to
which the lenders agreed to make a term loan available to us for working capital and general business purposes, in a principal
amount of up to $8 million, or the Hercules Loan. On June 7, 2016, the lenders funded $6 million of the term loan, and we received
$5.7 million, net of issuance costs. An additional $2 million may be requested by us during the draw period as set forth in the
loan and security agreement commencing upon us entering into an arms-length strategic corporate development transaction. 

The Hercules Loan bears interest at a floating
annual rate equal to the greater of (i) 9.25% and (ii) the sum of (a) 9.25%, plus (b) the prime rate as reported by The Wall Street
Journal minus 3.50%, resulting in a rate of 9.25% as of September 30, 2016. We are required to make interest payments in cash on
the first business day of each month, beginning on July 1, 2016. The Term Loan will begin amortizing on July 3, 2017, in equal
monthly installments of principal and interest, with such payments beginning on July 3, 2017, and continuing on the first business
day of each month thereafter until the Term Loan is repaid. The final maturity date of the Term Loan is December 2, 2019. Upon
repayment of the term loan, we also require to pay an end of term charge to the Lenders equal to 5.85% of the aggregate original
principal amount of all Term Loan advances extended by the Lenders to us. 

On December 21, 2015, we entered into a
loan and security agreement with 17 investors, pursuant to which these investors made term loans to us in the aggregate principal
amount of $4.0 million. Interest accrued on the term loans at the rate of 5% per annum. The entire outstanding principal balance
of $4.0 million of the term loans together with all accrued and unpaid interest of $86,000 were converted into 1,021,525 shares
of our common stock upon the closing of our IPO, at a conversion price equal to 80% of the IPO offering price. The value of the
beneficial conversion feature of $1.0 million was recorded as a discount with an offsetting credit to additional paid-in capital.
The discount was fully amortized to interest expense on the conversion date. 

27   

On May 2, 2016, we issued an original issue
discount promissory note in the aggregate amount of $440,000 payable to a lender in exchange for a $400,000 loan. The note was
repaid after the closing of the IPO. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our audited and unaudited financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments,
including those related to accrued expenses and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience, known
trends and events, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While our significant accounting policies
are described in more detail in the notes to our audited financial statements included in our final prospectus dated May 17, 2016,
filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act on May 18, 2016, we believe the following accounting policies
to be most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Research and Development Costs   

Research and development costs are expensed
as incurred. Research and development costs include salaries and personnel related costs, consulting fees, fees paid for contract
research services, the costs of laboratory supplies, equipment and facilities, license fees and other external costs. Non-refundable
advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are deferred
and capitalized. The capitalized amounts are expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

We establish the fair value of our assets
and liabilities using the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. We established a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used to measure
fair value. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1:  Quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities. 

28   

Level 2:  Inputs, other than the quoted prices in
active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3:  Unobservable inputs in which little or no
market data exists, therefore determined using estimates and assumptions developed by us, which reflect those that a market participant
would use. 

We may apply the fair value option to any
eligible financial assets or liabilities, which permits an instrument by instrument irrevocable election to account for selected
financial assets and liabilities at fair value. To date, we have not applied this election. 

Deferred Financing Costs   

We defer costs related to the issuance of
debt which are included on the accompanying balance sheets as a deduction from the debt liability. Deferred financing costs are
amortized over the term of the related loan and are included as a component of interest expense on the accompanying statements
of operations. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

We expense the cost of employee services
received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant date fair value of such instruments. We use the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to calculate the fair value of any equity instruments on the grant date. We recognize stock-based compensation,
net of estimated forfeitures, on the graded-vesting method as expense over the requisite service period. The use of the Black-Scholes
option pricing model requires management to make assumptions with respect to volatility, expected option term and fair value of
our common stock. Measurement of stock-based compensation for options granted to non-employees is subject to periodic adjustment
as the underlying equity instruments vest. We have granted options with performance conditions to certain executive officers and
directors. At each reporting date, we evaluate whether the achievement of the performance conditions is probable. Compensation
expense is recorded over the appropriate service period based upon our assessment of the achievement of each performance condition
or the occurrence of the event which will trigger the options to vest.  

29   

We recorded stock-based compensation expense
in the Statements of Operations as follows (in thousands): 

All stock options are granted at a price
no less than the fair value per share of our common stock. Prior to the IPO, the fair value of our common stock underlying options
granted was determined by the board of directors who relied, in part, upon independent third party valuation analyses and input
from our management on each grant date. We used valuation techniques and methods that rely on recommendations by the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants, or AICPA, in its Accounting and Valuation Guide,  Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity
Securities Issued as Compensation , 2013, and conformed to generally accepted valuation practices. 

30   

JOBS Act   

Section 107 of the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act, or JOBS Act, provides that an  emerging growth company  can take advantage of the extended transition
period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus, an  emerging
growth company  can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt
new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for other companies. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standard Update, or ASU, No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ,
which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition . This ASU is based on the principle
that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure
about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The ASU is effective
for public entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. In June 2015, the FASB deferred for one year the effective
date of the new revenue guidance, with an option that would permit companies to adopt the standard as early as the original effective
date. Early adoption prior to the original effective date is not permitted. We are evaluating the impact this guidance may have
on our revenue recognition, but do not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842).  The ASU is intended to provide more transparent and economically neutral information about the assets
and liabilities that arise from leases than previous guidance. The ASU is effective for public entities for annual periods beginning
on or after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, and adoption must be applied on a modified retrospective basis. We
are evaluating the impact of this guidance but do not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

31   

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,
 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  which amends ASC 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation .
The ASU includes provisions intended to simplify various provisions related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented
in the financial statements. The ASU is effective for public entities for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016
and interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. We are evaluating
the impact of this guidance but do not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments: Credit Losses  that changes the impairment model for most financial instruments, including trade receivables
from an incurred loss method to a new forward-looking approach, based on expected losses. The estimate of expected credit losses
will require entities to incorporate considerations of historical information, current information and reasonable and supportable
forecasts. This ASU is effective for us in the first quarter of 2020 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition
approach. We are evaluating the impact of this guidance but do not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on our
financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,
 Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  that clarifies how certain cash receipts
and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The ASU is effective for us in the first quarter
of 2018 with early adoption permitted and must be applied retrospectively to all periods presented. We are evaluating the impact
of this guidance but do not expect that the adoption will have a material impact on our financial statements. 

Results of Operations  

Comparison of Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015   

The following table sets forth information
concerning our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Research and Development Expenses   

Research and development expenses were $1.8
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015,
and $4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3.6 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

The increase of $614,000 in the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and the increase of $1.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due
to an increase in research activities to execute the development plan of our lead drug candidate, PRX-OTC. In the three months
ended September 30, 2016, payroll and consultant costs increased by $308,000, contract research, supplies and facility costs increased
by $156,000, and noncash stock-based compensation increased by $148,000. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, payroll
and consultant costs increased by $569,000, contract research, supplies and facility costs increased by $333,000, and noncash
stock-based compensation increased by $169,000. 

In June 2016, we announced product pipeline
advancements including the selection of our lead product candidate, PRX-OTC, for treatment of OTCD and positive proof-of-concept
data for a second product candidate, PRX-ASL, for treatment of ASL deficiency. 

32   

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative expenses were
$1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $320,000 for the three months ended September 30,
2015, and $2.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $887,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

The increase of $1.0 million in the
three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to an increase in compensation costs of $537,000 due to $242,000
from increased headcount and $295,000 from increased noncash stock-based compensation expense. Additionally, the costs
associated with being a publicly-traded company including legal, consulting, travel expenses, insurance and fees, increased
by $504,000. 

The increase of $2.0 million in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to additional costs of $1.0 million associated with our IPO and being a
publicly-traded company including legal, consulting, travel expenses, insurance and fees. Additionally, compensation costs increased
by $1.0 million due to $592,000 from increased headcount and $417,000 from increased noncash stock-based compensation expense. 

Noncash Financial Advising Fees   

In the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
we recorded $7.5 million of noncash financial advising fees. 

In December 2015, we engaged Palladium Capital
Advisors, LLC, or Palladium, to serve as a non-exclusive agent in connection with a bridge loan financing and as a non-exclusive
advisor in connection with our IPO and for the provision of general capital markets advice. Prior to the consummation of the bridge
loan financing, we determined, following discussions with Palladium, to request certain of our stockholders to transfer an aggregate
of 1,393,880 shares of our common stock to Titan Multi-Strategy Fund I, LTD, or Titan, and certain of its third-party designees
at a nominal purchase price in order to induce Titan to serve as the initial committed investor in the bridge financing and also
in expectation of receiving other support from Titan, Palladium and their respective contacts in connection with our proposed initial
public offering, including introductions to certain prospective underwriters. The sales of shares were completed immediately prior
to the IPO. We recorded the fair value of this stock amounting to $7.0 million, based on the IPO price of $5.00 per share, as a
non-cash financial advising fee to reflect the economic benefits that we received from the contributions by our principal stockholders. 

We also issued Palladium, as consideration
for serving as a non-exclusive advisor, 112,000 shares of our common stock in June 2016. We valued the stock based on the IPO price
of $5.00 per share as we determined that the fair market value of the stock was more readily determinable than the fair value of
the services received. The $560,000 fair value of the stock was recorded as a non-cash financial advising fee in June 2016. 

33   

Interest Expense   

Interest expense was $233,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $480,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease of
$247,000 was due to a decrease in outstanding debt and its related amortization of debt discount. 

Interest expense was $1.8 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase of $772,000
was primarily due to the amortization of the value of the beneficial conversion feature of the December 2015 convertible loan upon
the closing of our IPO in May 2016, partially offset by the decrease in interest expense due to lower outstanding debt balance
and its related amortization of debt discount after the IPO. 

Other Income   

We did not have any other income
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $24,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
Other income was $190,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $61,000 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. Other income was recorded when the fair value of the warrants exercisable into Series A preferred stock
decreased. All warrants  exercisable into preferred stock were either exercised or canceled upon the closing of the
IPO in May 2016, and therefore, no other income was recorded after the IPO. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

From inception to September 30, 2016, we
have incurred an accumulated deficit of $66.0 million. We have financed our operations since inception primarily with the net proceeds
of approximately $16.5 million from the sale of our common stock in our IPO in May 2016, the net proceeds of $5.7 million from
Hercules, $25.7 million from the sales of shares of our convertible preferred stock and $20.2 million from the issuance of convertible
notes and warrants. We also received a $1.5 million upfront fee pursuant to a development agreement in 2014. At September 30, 2016,
we had $18.6 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses,
and that such losses will increase over the next several years due to development costs associated with our urea cycle disorder
programs. We expect that our research and development and general and administrative expenses will continue to increase and, as
a result, we will need additional capital to fund our operations, which we may raise through a combination of equity offerings,
debt financings, other third-party funding and other collaborations and strategic alliances. 

Initial Public Offering   

On May 23, 2016, we closed our IPO and sold
3,700,000 shares of common stock at a price of $5.00 per share to the public. The aggregate net proceeds received by us from the
offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, were $16.5 million. 

Hercules Loan   June 2016 Loan and Security Agreement   

On June 7, 2016, we entered into a loan
and security agreement by and among us, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties
to the loan and security agreement and Hercules, in its capacity as administrative agent for itself and the lenders, pursuant to
which the lenders agreed to make a term loan available to us for working capital and general business purposes, in a principal
amount of up to $8 million. On June 7, 2016, the lenders funded $6 million of the term loan, and we received $5.7 million, net
of related expenses. An additional $2 million may be requested by us during the period commencing upon us entering into an arms-length
strategic corporate development transaction that is validating in the agent s and lenders  sole discretion, or the
Milestone Event, and ending upon the earlier to occur of (a) December 15, 2016, (b) the date which is 45 days after the consummation
of the Milestone Event and (c) the occurrence of an event of default under the loan and security agreement. The Hercules Loan is
secured by substantially all of our assets other than our intellectual property. 

The Hercules Loan bears interest at a floating
annual rate equal to the greater of (i) 9.25% and (ii) the sum of (a) 9.25%, plus (b) the prime rate as reported by The Wall Street
Journal minus 3.50%, resulting in a rate of 9.25% as of September 30, 2016. Beginning on July 1, 2016, we are required to make
interest payments in cash on the first business day of each month. The Hercules Loan will begin amortizing on July 3, 2017, in
equal monthly installments of principal and interest, with such payments beginning on July 3, 2017, and continuing on the first
business day of each month thereafter until the Hercules Loan is repaid. The final maturity date of the Hercules Loan is December
2, 2019. Upon repayment of the Hercules Loan, we are required to pay an end of term charge to the lenders equal to 5.85% of the
aggregate original principal amount of all Hercules Loan advances extended by the lenders to us. 

At our option, we may prepay all or any
portion of the outstanding principal balance and all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the principal balance being prepaid
of the Hercules Loan, subject to a prepayment fee of 3.00% of the amount prepaid if the prepayment occurs on or prior to June 7,
2017, 2.00% of the amount prepaid if the prepayment occurs after June 7, 2017 but on or prior to June 7, 2018, or 1.00% of the
amount prepaid if the prepayment occurs after June 7, 2018. 

34   

Convertible Loan- Bridge Loan Financing - December 2015
Loan and Security Agreement   

On December 11, 2015, we issued a promissory
note to Titan in exchange for $500,000. On December 21, 2015, we entered into a loan and security agreement with 17 investors,
which was subsequently amended on April 6, 2016, pursuant to which Titan converted its note and certain investors made new term
loans to us in the aggregate principal amount of $4.0 million. The term loans closed on December 21, 2015, and we received from
the escrow agent net proceeds of approximately $3.2 million, after deducting certain fees and expenses. Interest accrues on the
term loans at the rate of 5% per annum. The entire outstanding principal amount of the term loans together with all accrued and
unpaid interest thereon converted into shares of our common stock upon the closing of our IPO. 

Convertible Notes   

Prior to 2016 we issued to investors, including
beneficial owners of more than 5% of our capital stock, convertible promissory notes, in the aggregate principal amount of $16.2
million and seven-year warrants to purchase shares of the same class and series of capital stock into which the notes convert.
The notes carried interest at a rate of 8% per annum. On December 11, 2015, the noteholders agreed that for purposes of calculating
the number of conversion shares, the notes ceased accruing interest as of December 31, 2015. The accrued interest payable on convertible
notes payable totaled $3.2 million as of December 31, 2015. Immediately prior to the consummation of the IPO, the convertible notes
and unpaid accrued interest thereon were converted into 2,788,880 shares of our common stock, and the seven-year warrants to purchase
2,452,242 shares of preferred stock with an exercise price of $0.01 were exercised on a cashless basis to purchase 303,096 shares
of our common stock. Warrants to purchase 1,049,999 shares of preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.00 expired upon the
IPO. 

Promissory Note   

On May 2, 2016, we issued an original issue
discount promissory note in the aggregate amount of $440,000 payable to a lender in exchange for a $400,000 loan. The note was
repaid after the closing of the IPO. 

We believe that our existing cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities as of September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for
at least the next 12 months. In addition, we intend to pursue a combination of sales of additional equity securities and strategic
partnerships to further finance our operations. However, our forecast of the period of time through which our financial resources
will be adequate to support our operations is a forward-looking statement that involves risks and uncertainties, and actual results
could vary materially. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available capital
resources sooner than we currently expect. 

Our primary uses of cash are to fund operating
expenses, research and development expenditures and to pay interest and principle payments of our loan. Cash used to fund operating
expenses is impacted by the timing of when we pay these expenses, as reflected in the change in our outstanding accounts payable
and accrued expenses. 

Our future capital requirements are difficult
to forecast and will depend on many factors, including: 

the initiation, progress, timing, costs and completion of preclinical studies of our lead product and potential product candidates;   

35   

the number and characteristics of product candidates that we pursue;   

the progress, costs and results of our clinical trials;   

the terms and timing of any other strategic alliance, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish;   

the outcome, timing and cost of regulatory approvals;   

delays that may be caused by changing regulatory requirements;   

the costs and timing of hiring new employees to support our continued growth;   

the costs required for operating a public company; and   

the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies.   

The following table shows a summary of our
cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

36   

Operating Activities   

Net cash used in operating activities
increased from $4.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $6.7 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. The increase in net cash used in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to approximately $1.0 million in costs associated with our IPO and
costs of being a publicly-traded company including legal, consulting, travel expenses and insurance, and  increased payroll
costs of $474,000 from increased headcount and salaries. Research and
development costs also increased due to an increase in research activities as we continued to develop our portfolio of
products for the treatment of inherited enzyme deficiencies in the liver and to execute the development plan of our lead drug
candidate PRX-OTC.       

Investing Activities   

Net cash used in investing activities increased
from $10,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $10.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The increase
in net cash used in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to investing $10.0 million of our excess cash in
investment grade marketable securities. 

Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by financing activities
increased from $2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $22.2 million for the nine months ended September 30,
2016. The increase in net cash provided by financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to
the net proceeds of $16.5 million from our IPO and the net proceeds of $5.7 million from the Hercules Loan received in June 2016.
Net cash provided by financing activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $2.5 million, which was the net proceeds
from the issuance of convertible notes and warrants. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have not engaged in any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements through special purpose entities. 

Emerging Growth Company Status  

Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that
an  emerging growth company  can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of
the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an  emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have
elected to  opt out  of such extended transition period, and as a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting
standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107
of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting
standards is irrevocable. 

37   

We have elected to avail ourselves of the
following provisions of the JOBS Act: 

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;   

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and   

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

As a smaller reporting company, we have elected scaled disclosure
obligations and therefore are not required to provide this information. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

(a)           Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, after evaluating the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ) Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-Q, have concluded that, based on
such evaluation, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive
and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

In designing and evaluating our disclosure
controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and our management necessarily is required to
apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

(b)           Changes
in Internal Controls.  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, identified in connection with
the evaluation of such internal control that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

38   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating
to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings,
the adverse outcome of which, in our management s opinion, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse
effect on the results of our operations or financial position. There are no material proceedings in which any of our directors,
officers or affiliates or any registered or beneficial stockholder of more than 5% of our common stock is an adverse party or has
a material interest adverse to our interest. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

The Risk Factors included in our final prospectus dated May
17, 2016, filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act on May 18, 2016, have not materially changed. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds.  

(a) Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities  

None. 

(b) Use of Proceeds  

On May 17, 2016, the Registration Statement
on Form S-1 (File No. 333-210811) for our IPO of common stock was declared effective by the SEC, pursuant to which we sold an aggregate
3,700,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $5.00 per share for an aggregate offering price of $18.5 million.
Laidlaw   Company (UK) Ltd. and Roth Capital Partners, LLC acted as joint book-running managers, and Laidlaw   Company
(UK) Ltd. acted as the representative of the underwriters. We received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately $16.5 million,
after deducting approximately $2.0 million of underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. None of these expenses
consisted of payments made by us to directors, officers or persons owning 10% or more of our common stock or to their associates,
or to our affiliates. 

As of September 30, 2016, approximately
$3.9 million of the $16.5 million of net proceeds from our IPO had been used, of which approximately $440,000 was used to pay off
the original issue discount promissory note, $184,000 was used to achieve preclinical proof of concept for the treatment of a second
urea cycle disorder and approximately $426,000 was used to select a urea cycle disorder product candidate for further development,
$688,000 was used in preclinical activities, $909,000 was used to scale up the manufacturing of PRX-OTC and $1.2 million was used
in general and administrative expenses.   None of these payments consisted of payments made by us to directors, officers or
persons owning 10% or more of our common stock or to their associates, or to our affiliates, other than payments made in the ordinary
course of business to officers for salaries and to non-employee directors as compensation for board or board committee services
and as fees for consulting services. 

We expect to use the proceeds from our IPO
in connection with our ongoing activities as described in our final prospectus dated May 17, 2016, filed with the SEC pursuant
to Rule 424(b)(4) under the Securities Act on May 18, 2016, as we: 

scale up the manufacturing of the lead urea cycle disorder product candidate;   

complete GMP-manufacturing and GLP-compliant toxicology studies; and   

file an IND application with the FDA for this product candidate.   

We have broad discretion in the use of the
net proceeds from our IPO. We may find it necessary or advisable to use the net proceeds from this offering for other purposes
than those described in our final prospectus. 

The Registration Statement on Form S-1 included
a prospectus to be used in connection with the potential resale by certain selling stockholders of up to an aggregate of 1,021,525
shares of our common stock issuable upon mandatory conversion of certain of our outstanding loans upon completion of the IPO. We
did not receive any proceeds from the sale by selling stockholders of shares of common stock registered on the Registration Statement
on Form S-1. 

39   

(c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

We did not repurchase any of our equity
securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

See Index to Exhibits. 

40   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PHASERX, INC.   

Date: November 7, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Robert Overell   

Robert W. Overell   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

Date: November 7, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Shing-Yin Tsui    

Shing-Yin (Helen) Tsui   

Senior Vice President, Finance and Secretary   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

41   

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit   
  No.   
       
       Description    
 
      3.1  
       
      Fourth amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, as presently in effect (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 2016)   

3.2  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws, as presently in effect (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 23, 2016)   

10.1* 
       
     Seventh amendment to Lease, dated September 27, 2016, by and between ARE-SEATTLE No. 10, LLC and PhaseRx, Inc., for 410
    W. Harrison, Seattle, Washington  

10.2* 
       
     Fifth amendment to Lease, dated September 27, 2016, by and between ARE-SEATTLE No. 10 LLC and PhaseRx, Inc., for 410
    Elliott, Seattle, Washington  

31.1*  
       
      Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2*  
       
      Certification of the Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32*  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101*  
       
      The following materials from the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015, (ii) Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, (iii) Unaudited Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Deficit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, (iv) Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and (v) Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements   

* Filed herewith. 

42   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v451594_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 10.1 

SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE 

THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT
TO LEASE (this   Seventh Amendment  ) is made as of September 27, 2016, by and between  ARE-SEATTLE NO.
10, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (  Landlord  ), and  PHASERX INC. , a Delaware corporation
(  Tenant  ). 

RECITALS 

A.        Landlord
and Tenant entered into that certain Lease Agreement dated as of February 9, 2010, as amended by that certain First Amendment to
Lease dated as of July 1, 2010, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Lease dated as of April 4, 2011, as further
amended by that certain Third Amendment to Lease dated as of October 1, 2014, as further amended by that certain Fourth Amendment
to Lease dated as of May 21, 2015, as further amended by that certain Fifth Amendment to Lease dated as of September 8, 2015, and
as further amended by that certain Sixth Amendment to Lease dated as of February 23, 2016 (as amended, the   Lease  ).
Pursuant to the Lease, Tenant leases certain premises consisting of approximately 11,291 rentable square feet (  Premises  )
in a building located at 410 W. Harrison, Seattle, Washington and are part of the Project legally described on the attached  Exhibit
A . The Premises are more particularly described in the Lease. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the
meanings defined for such terms in the Lease. 

B.         The
Base Term of the Lease is scheduled to expire on November 30, 2016. 

C.        Landlord
has re-measured the Premises and the Building, which re-measurement has resulted in revised square footages for the Premises and
the Building. 

D.         Landlord
and Tenant desire, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to amend the Lease to, among other things, (i) amend the
defined terms for Premises, Rentable Area of Premises, Rentable Area of Project and Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses,
and (ii) extend the Term of the Lease through November 30, 2021 (the   Extended Expiration Date  ). 

NOW, THEREFORE, 
in consideration of the foregoing Recitals, which are incorporated herein by this reference, the mutual promises and conditions
contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 

1.     Term  . The Term of the Lease is hereby extended through the Extended Expiration Date.
Tenant s occupancy of the Premises through the Extended Expiration Date shall be on an  as-is  basis and Landlord
shall have no obligation to provide any tenant improvement allowance or to make any alterations to the Premises.   

2.     Premises, Rentable Area of Premises and Rentable Area of Project  . As of December
1, 2016, prospectively only, the definitions of   Premises ,    Rentable Area of Premises   and
  Rentable Area of Project   on Page 1 of the Lease are hereby deleted and replaced with the following:   

Premises: 
That entire third floor of the Project, containing approximately 11,676 rentable square feet, as shown on  Exhibit A .  

Rentable
Area of Premises:  11,676 sq. ft.  

Rentable
Area of Project:  33,828 sq. ft.  

3.     Base Rent  . Tenant shall continue to pay Base Rent as provided in the Lease through
November 30, 2016. Commencing on December 1, 2016, Tenant shall pay Base Rent in the amount of $48.71 per rentable square
foot of the Premises per year. Base Rent shall be increased on each December 1 st  thereafter through the Extended Expiration
Date (each, a   Seventh Amendment Adjustment Date  ), by multiplying the Base Rent payable immediately before
such Seventh Amendment Adjustment Date by the Rent Adjustment Percentage and adding the resulting amount to the Base Rent payable
immediately before such Seventh Amendment Adjustment Date.   

4.     Right to Extend  .  Section 40  of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety
and is null and void and of no further force or effect and Tenant shall have no right to extend the Term of the Lease beyond the
Extended Expiration Date.   

5.     Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses  . As of December 1, 2016, prospectively
only, the definition of   Tenant s Share of Operating Expenses   on Page 1 of the Lease is hereby deleted
in its entirety and replaced with the following:   

Tenant s
Share of Operating Expenses:  34.52%  

6.     OFAC  . Tenant is currently (a) in compliance with and shall at all times during the
Term of the Lease remain in compliance with the regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (  OFAC  )
of the U.S. Department of Treasury and any statute, executive order, or regulation relating thereto (collectively, the   OFAC
Rules  ), (b) not listed on, and shall not during the term of the Lease be listed on, the Specially Designated Nationals
and Blocked Persons List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or the Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List, which are all maintained
by OFAC and/or on any other similar list maintained by OFAC or other governmental authority pursuant to any authorizing statute,
executive order, or regulation, and (c) not a person or entity with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from conducting business under
the OFAC Rules.   

7.     Brokers  . Landlord and Tenant each represents and warrants that it has not dealt with
any broker, agent or other person (collectively,   Broker  ) in connection with the transaction reflected in this
Seventh Amendment and that no Broker brought about this transaction. Landlord and Tenant each hereby agree to indemnify and hold
the other harmless from and against any claims by any broker claiming a commission or other form of compensation by virtue of having
dealt with Tenant or Landlord, as applicable, with regard to this Seventh Amendment.   

8.     Miscellaneous  .   

a.        This
Seventh Amendment is the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
and contemporaneous oral and written agreements and discussions. This Seventh Amendment may be amended only by an agreement in
writing, signed by the parties hereto. 

b.        This
Seventh Amendment is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

c.        This
Seventh Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which when
taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The signature page of any counterpart may be detached therefrom without
impairing the legal effect of the signature(s) thereon provided such signature page is attached to any other counterpart identical
thereto except having additional signature pages executed by other parties to this Seventh Amendment attached thereto. 

d.        Except
as amended and/or modified by this Seventh Amendment, the Lease is hereby ratified and confirmed and all other terms of the Lease
shall remain in full force and effect, unaltered and unchanged by this Seventh Amendment. In the event of any conflict between
the provisions of this Seventh Amendment and the provisions of the Lease, the provisions of this Seventh Amendment shall prevail.
Whether or not specifically amended by this Seventh Amendment, all of the terms and provisions of the Lease are hereby amended
to the extent necessary to give effect to the purpose and intent of this Seventh Amendment. 

e.        Neither
this Seventh Amendment nor a memorandum of this Seventh Amendment shall be filed by or on behalf of Tenant in any public record. 

[Signatures are on the next page.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have executed this Seventh Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 

TENANT:  

PHASERX INC. , 

a Delaware corporation 

By:  /s/ Robert
    Overell                                                   

Name:   Robert Overell                                                  

Its:  President   CEO                                                    

LANDLORD:  

ARE-SEATTLE NO. 10, LLC , 

a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 
     ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P., 
 a Delaware limited partnership,  
managing member 

By: 
     ARE-QRS CORP., 
 a Maryland corporation, 
 general partner 

By:  /s/ Eric S/ Johnson                                  

Its: Senior Vice President RE  Legal Affairs 

LANDLORD S ACKNOWLEDGMENT   

A notary public or other officer completing this certificate verifies only the identity of the individual who signed the document to which this certificate is attached, and not the truthfulness, accuracy, or validity of that document.  

STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
     )  

)    
 
     County of                        Los Angeles 
     )  

On September 28, 2016, before me, Shelly
Kroll-Hancock, a Notary Public, personally appeared Eric S. Johnson who proved to me on the basis of satisfactory
evidence to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed
the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s), or
the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the instrument. 

I certify under PENALTY OF PERJURY under the laws of the State
of California that the foregoing paragraph is true and correct 

WITNESS my hand and official seal. 

/s/ Shelly
Kroll-Hancock                                                              

 Signature of Notary                                                                             (Affix seal here) 

TENANT S ACKNOWLEDGMENT   

STATE OF      Washington      
           
         COUNTY OF        King              

ss. 

On this 24th day of September 2016,
before me personally appeared Robert Overell, to me known to be the President   CEO of
PhaseRx, a Delaware Corp., that executed the within and foregoing
instrument, and acknowledged the said instrument to be the free and voluntary act and deed of said corporation for the uses
and purposes therein mentioned, and on oath stated that they were authorized to execute said instrument. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set
my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year first above written. 

/s/ Eric Luna 

(Signature of Notary)  

Eric Luna 

(Legibly Print or Stamp Name of Notary)  

Notary public in and for the State of     Washington                    , 

residing at  24 Roy Street, Seattle, WA 98109                

My appointment expires  4/5/2017                     

Exhibit A 

Description of Project  

LOTS 3 THROUGH 6 INCLUSIVE, BLOCK 5, D.T.
DENNY S WATERFRONT ADDITION TO THE CITY OF SEATTLE, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT RECORDED IN VOLUME 2 OF PLATS, PAGE 61, RECORDS
OF KING COUNTY, WASHINGTON. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 v451594_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

FIFTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE 

THIS FIFTH AMENDMENT
TO LEASE (this   Fifth Amendment  ) is made as of September 27, 2016, by and between  ARE-SEATTLE NO.
10, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company (  Landlord  ), and  PHASERX INC. , a Delaware corporation
(  Tenant  ). 

RECITALS 

A.        Landlord
and Tenant entered into that certain Lease Agreement dated as of February 9, 2010, as amended by that certain First Amendment to
Lease dated as of October 1, 2014, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Lease dated as of May 21, 2015, as further
amended by that certain Third Amendment to Lease dated as of September 8, 2015, and as further amended by that certain Fourth Amendment
to Lease dated as of February 23, 2016 (as amended, the   Lease  ). Pursuant to the Lease, Tenant leases certain
premises consisting of approximately 2,896 rentable square feet (  Premises  ) in a building located at 410 Elliott,
Seattle, Washington. The Premises are more particularly described in the Lease and are part of the Project legally described on
the attached  Exhibit A . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings defined for such terms
in the Lease. 

B.         The
Base Term of the Lease is scheduled to expire on November 30, 2016. 

C.        Landlord
and Tenant desire, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to amend the Lease to, among other things, extend the
Term of the Lease through November 30, 2021 (the   Extended Expiration Date  ). 

NOW, THEREFORE, 
in consideration of the foregoing Recitals, which are incorporated herein by this reference, the mutual promises and conditions
contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged,
Landlord and Tenant hereby agree as follows: 

1.     Term  . The Term of the Lease is hereby extended through the Extended Expiration Date.
Tenant s occupancy of the Premises through the Extended Expiration Date shall be on an  as-is  basis and Landlord
shall have no obligation to provide any tenant improvement allowance or to make any alterations to the Premises.   

2.     Base Rent  . Tenant shall continue to pay Base Rent as provided in the Lease through
November 30, 2016. Commencing on December 1, 2016, Tenant shall pay Base Rent in the amount of $15.33 per rentable square
foot of the Premises per year. Base Rent shall be increased on each December 1 st  thereafter through the Extended Expiration
Date (each, a   Fifth Amendment Adjustment Date  ), by multiplying the Base Rent payable immediately before such
Fifth Amendment Adjustment Date by the Rent Adjustment Percentage and adding the resulting amount to the Base Rent payable immediately
before such Fifth Amendment Adjustment Date.   

3.     Right to Extend  .  Section 39  of the Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety
and is null and void and of no further force or effect and Tenant shall have no right to extend the Term of the Lease beyond the
Extended Expiration Date.   

4.     OFAC  . Tenant is currently (a) in compliance with and shall at all times during the
Term of the Lease remain in compliance with the regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets Control (  OFAC  )
of the U.S. Department of Treasury and any statute, executive order, or regulation relating thereto (collectively, the   OFAC
Rules  ), (b) not listed on, and shall not during the term of the Lease be listed on, the Specially Designated Nationals
and Blocked Persons List, Foreign Sanctions Evaders List or the Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List, which are all maintained
by OFAC and/or on any other similar list maintained by OFAC or other governmental authority pursuant to any authorizing statute,
executive order, or regulation, and (c) not a person or entity with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from conducting business under
the OFAC Rules.   

5.     Brokers  . Landlord and Tenant each represents and warrants that it has not dealt with
any broker, agent or other person (collectively,   Broker  ) in connection with the transaction reflected in this
Fifth Amendment and that no Broker brought about this transaction. Landlord and Tenant each hereby agree to indemnify and hold
the other harmless from and against any claims by any broker claiming a commission or other form of compensation by virtue of having
dealt with Tenant or Landlord, as applicable, with regard to this Fifth Amendment.   

6.     Miscellaneous  .   

a.        This
Fifth Amendment is the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
and contemporaneous oral and written agreements and discussions. This Fifth Amendment may be amended only by an agreement in writing,
signed by the parties hereto. 

b.        This
Fifth Amendment is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 

c.        This
Fifth Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which when
taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The signature page of any counterpart may be detached therefrom without
impairing the legal effect of the signature(s) thereon provided such signature page is attached to any other counterpart identical
thereto except having additional signature pages executed by other parties to this Fifth Amendment attached thereto. 

d.        Except
as amended and/or modified by this Fifth Amendment, the Lease is hereby ratified and confirmed and all other terms of the Lease
shall remain in full force and effect, unaltered and unchanged by this Fifth Amendment. In the event of any conflict between the
provisions of this Fifth Amendment and the provisions of the Lease, the provisions of this Fifth Amendment shall prevail. Whether
or not specifically amended by this Fifth Amendment, all of the terms and provisions of the Lease are hereby amended to the extent
necessary to give effect to the purpose and intent of this Fifth Amendment. 

e.        Neither
this Fifth Amendment nor a memorandum of this Fifth Amendment shall be filed by or on behalf of Tenant in any public record. 

[Signatures are on the next page.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have executed this Fifth Amendment as of the day and year first above written. 

TENANT:  

PHASERX INC. , 
a Delaware corporation 

By:   /s/ Robert Overell                                           

Name:    Robert Overell                                          

Its:   President   CEO                                            

LANDLORD:  

ARE-SEATTLE NO. 10, LLC , 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: 
     ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P., 
 a Delaware limited partnership, 
 managing member 

By: 
     ARE-QRS CORP., 
 a Maryland corporation, 
 general partner  

By:  /s/ Eric S. Johnson                                           

Its: Senior Vice President RE Legal Affairs 

LANDLORD S ACKNOWLEDGMENT   

A notary public or other officer completing this certificate verifies only the identity of the individual who signed the document to which this certificate is attached, and not the truthfulness, accuracy, or validity of that document.  

STATE OF CALIFORNIA 
     )  

)    
 
     County of Los Angeles 
     )  

On September 28, 2016, before me, Shelly
Kroll-Hancock, a Notary Public, personally appeared Eric S. Johnson who proved to me
on the basis of satisfactory evidence to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed to the within instrument and
acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their authorized capacity(ies), and that by his/her/their
signature(s) on the instrument the person(s), or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the
instrument. 

I certify under PENALTY OF PERJURY under the laws of the State
of California that the foregoing paragraph is true and correct 

WITNESS my hand and official seal. 

/s/ Shelly Kroll-Hancock 

 ________________________________ 

 Signature of Notary                                                                                           (Affix seal here) 

TENANT S ACKNOWLEDGMENT   

STATE OF      Washington             
           
         COUNTY OF      King                       

ss. 

On this 24th day of September 2016,
before me personally appeared Robert Overell, to me known to be the President and CEO of PhaseRx, a Delaware Corp., that executed the within and foregoing instrument, and acknowledged the said instrument to be the free and
voluntary act and deed of said corporation for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, and on oath stated that they were
authorized to execute said instrument. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set
my hand and affixed my official seal the day and year first above written. 

/s/ Eric Luna 

(Signature of Notary)  

Eric Luna 

(Legibly Print or Stamp Name of Notary)  

Notary public in and for the State of      Washington                 , 

residing at  24 Roy Street, Seattle, WA 98109         

My appointment expires  4/5/2017             

Exhibit A 

Description of Project  

LOTS 7 THROUGH 11 INCLUSIVE, BLOCK 5, D.T.
DENNY S WATERFRONT ADDITION TO THE CITY OF SEATTLE, ACCORDING TO THE PLAT RECORDED IN VOLUME 2 OF PLATS, PAGE 61, RECORDS
OF KING COUNTY, WASHINGTON. 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v451594_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302  

I, Robert W. Overell, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PhaseRx, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

c)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Robert Overell  

Robert W. Overell  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v451594_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302  

I, Shing-Yin (Helen) Tsui, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PhaseRx, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

c)  
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 7, 2016 

/s/ Shing-Yin Tsui  

Shing-Yin (Helen) Tsui  

Senior Vice President, Finance and Secretary  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 v451594_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32   

CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 906  

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections
(a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of PhaseRx, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the  Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

The Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2016
(the  Form 10-Q ) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 7, 2016  
       
      /s/ Robert Overell   

Robert W. Overell   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

Dated: November 7, 2016  
       
      /s/ Shing-Yin Tsui   

Shing-Yin (Helen) Tsui   

Senior Vice President, Finance and Secretary   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 pzrx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 pzrx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 pzrx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 pzrx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 pzrx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 pzrx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

