<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1404079_0001144204-16-134295_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3561059</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72707</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>149533</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1011414</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1478473</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>790308</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134295.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114165119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134295
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Samson Oil & Gas LTD
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001404079
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				205250290
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33578
		FILM NUMBER:		161995673

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 16, AMP BUILDING
		STREET 2:		140 ST GEORGES TERRACE
		CITY:			PERTH, WA
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			6000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		618 9220 9830

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 7654
		STREET 2:		CLOISTERS SQUARE
		CITY:			PERTH, WESTERN AUSTRALIA
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			6085

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134295.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452969_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

  OR  

Commission File Number: 001-33578  

Samson Oil   Gas Limited  

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter) 

Australia   
       N/A    
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

Level 16, AMP Building,  
          140 St Georges Terrace  
          Perth, Western Australia 6000   

(Address Of Principal Executive Offices)  
      (Zip Code)   

+61 8 9220 9830  

 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     x    Yes    
        No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x  
       No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer           

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company       x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes      
No   x  

There were 3,215,854,701 ordinary shares
outstanding as of November 11, 2016. 

SAMSON OIL   GAS LIMITED  

  FORM 10-Q  

  QUARTER ENDED September 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    

Part I   Financial Information    
       3    

Item
    1.  
       Financial Statements (unaudited)   
     3  

Consolidated Balance Sheets, September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016   
     3  

Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    
     4  

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity/(Deficit) for the three months ended September 30, 2016    
     5  

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
     6  

Notes to  Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
     7  

Item
    2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation   
      14   

Item
    3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      21   

Item
    4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      21   

Part II     Other Information    
       21    

Item
    1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      21   

Item
    1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      21   

Item
    2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      21   

Item
    3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      21   

Item
    4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      21   

Item
    5.  
       Other Information   
      22   

Item
    6.  
       Exhibits   
      22   

Signatures   
      23   

i   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Written forward looking statements
may appear in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including this quarterly report,
documents incorporated by reference, reports to shareholders and other communications. 

The U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 provides a  safe harbor  for forward looking information to encourage companies to provide
prospective information about themselves without fear of litigation so long as the information is identified as forward looking
and is accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those projected in the information. Samson relies on this safe harbor in making forward looking statements. 

Forward looking statements appear
in a number of places in this quarterly report and include but are not limited to management s comments regarding business
strategy, exploration and development drilling prospects and activities at our oil and gas properties, oil and gas pipeline availability
and capacity, natural gas and oil reserves and production, meeting our capital raising targets and following any use of proceeds
plans, our ability to and methods by which we may raise additional capital, production and future operating results. 

In this quarterly report, the use of words
such as  anticipate,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   likely, 
 may,   will,   project,   should,   believe  and similar expressions
are intended to identify uncertainties. While we believe that the expectations reflected in those forward looking statements
are reasonable, we cannot assure you that these expectations will prove to be correct. Our actual results could differ materially
from those anticipated in these forward looking statements. The differences between actual results and those predicted by
the forward looking statements could be material. Forward-looking statements are based upon our expectations relating to,
among other things: 

our future financial position, including cash flow, debt levels and anticipated liquidity;   

the timing, effects and success of our exploration and development activities;   

uncertainties in the estimation of proved reserves and in the projection of future rates of production;   

timing, amount, and marketability of production;   

third party operational curtailment, processing plant or pipeline capacity constraints beyond our control;   

our ability to acquire and dispose of oil and gas properties at favorable prices;   

our ability to market, develop and produce new properties;   

declines in the values of our properties that may result in write-downs;   

effectiveness of management strategies and decisions;   

oil and natural gas prices and demand;   

unanticipated recovery or production problems, including cratering, explosions, fires;   

the strength and financial resources of our competitors;   

our entrance into transactions in commodity derivative instruments;   

climatic conditions; and   

Many of these factors are beyond our
ability to control or predict. Neither these factors nor those included in the  Risk Factors  section of this quarterly
report represent a complete list of the factors that may affect us.  We do not undertake to update the forward looking
statements made in this report. 

Part I   Financial Information  

    Item 1.   Financial Statements.  

    SAMSON OIL   GAS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

SAMSON OIL   GAS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

SAMSON OIL   GAS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS  (DEFICIT)/EQUITY  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

SAMSON OIL   GAS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

SAMSON OIL   GAS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

1. Basis of Presentation  

These Consolidated Financial Statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) for interim
financial reporting. All adjustments which are normal and recurring by nature, in the opinion of management, necessary for fair
statement of Samson Oil   Gas Limited s (the Company) Consolidated Financial Statements have been included herein. Interim
results are not necessarily indicative of expected annual results because of the impact of fluctuations in prices received for
oil and natural gas, as well as other factors. In the course of preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, management makes
various assumptions, judgments and estimates to determine the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
in the disclosures of commitments and contingencies. Changes in these assumptions, judgments and estimates will occur as a result
of the passage of time and the occurrence of future events, and, accordingly, actual results could differ from amounts previously
established. 

The Company s Consolidated Financial
Statements have been prepared on a basis consistent with the accounting principles and policies reflected in the Company s
audited financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2016. The year-end Consolidated Balance Sheet presented herein
was derived from audited Consolidated Financial Statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. 

It is suggested that these financial statements
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s latest annual report
( Form 10-K ). 

Accruals.    Accrued liabilities
at June 30, 2016 consist primarily of estimates for goods and services received but not yet invoiced. Accrued liabilities at September
30, 2016 primarily consisted of the deposit received from Angelus Energy with respect to the pending acquisition of our North Stockyard
properties. This transaction closed on October 28, 2016. The effective date of the transaction was October 29, 2016. The accounting
for this divestment will be recognized during the quarter ended December 31, 2016. 

Prepayments.  Prepayments at September
30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 include insurance premiums and other subscription costs paid in advance for the year. 

Comparatives.  Changes have been
made to the classification of certain prior period comparatives in order to remain consistent with the current period presentation.
These changes have had no material impact on the financial statements. 

Recent Accounting Standards   

In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements  Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ). The objective of ASU
2014-15 is to provide guidance on management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about a company s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years ending
after December 15, 2016 and annual and interim periods thereafter. This standard is not expected to have an impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements and we are currently assessing the expected impact on footnote disclosures. 

2. Income Taxes   

The Company has cumulative net operating losses ( NOLs )
that may be carried forward to reduce taxable income in future years. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 contains provisions that limit
the utilization of NOLs if there has been a change in ownership as described in Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The Company s
prior year NOLs are limited by IRC Section 382. 

ASC Topic 740 requires that a valuation allowance be provided
if it is more likely than not that some portion or all deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company s ability to
realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets will depend on the generation of future taxable income through profitable operations.
Due to the Company s history of losses and the uncertainty of future profitable operations, the Company has recorded a full
valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets. 

3. Earnings Per Share  

Basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated
by dividing net earnings (loss) attributable to ordinary shares by the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the period.
Under the treasury stock method, diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing net earnings (loss) by the weighted average
number of shares outstanding including all potentially dilutive ordinary shares (which in Samson s case consists of unexercised
stock options). In the event of a net loss, however no potential ordinary shares are included in the calculation of shares outstanding
since the impact would be anti-dilutive.   

The following table details the weighted
average dilutive and anti-dilutive securities outstanding, which consist of transferable options to purchase ordinary shares which
are tradeable on the ASX ( options ), for the periods presented: 

The following tables set forth the calculation
of basic and diluted loss per share: 

4. Asset Retirement Obligations   

The Company s asset retirement obligations
primarily represent the estimated present value of the amounts expected to be incurred to plug, abandon and remediate producing
and shut in properties at the end of their productive lives in accordance with applicable state and federal laws. The Company
determines the estimated fair value of its asset retirement obligations by calculating the present value of estimated cash flows
related to those obligations. The significant inputs used to calculate such liabilities include estimates of costs to be incurred,
the Company s credit adjusted discount rates, inflation rates and estimated dates of abandonment. The asset retirement liability
is accreted to its present value each period and the capitalized asset retirement cost is depleted using the units of production
method. 

The amount recorded as a current liability
in the current period, relates to work expected to be performed in our Hawk Springs project in Wyoming prior to December 31, 2016. 

The following table summarizes the activities
for the Company s asset retirement obligations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

5. Fair Value Measurements  

Fair value is defined as the price that
would be received in the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date (exit price). The Company utilizes market data or assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. These
inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated, or generally unobservable. The Company classifies fair value balances based
on the observability of those inputs. The FASB has established a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure
fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3 measurement). 

The three levels of the fair value hierarchy
are as follows: 

Level 1 Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.   

Level 2 Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets included in level 1, but are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reported date and for substantially the full term of the instrument. Inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities. Level 2 includes those financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies.   

Level 3 Pricing inputs include significant inputs that are generally unobservable from objective sources. These inputs may be used with internally developed methodologies that result in management s best estimate of fair value.   

Financial assets and liabilities are classified
in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment
of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of fair
value assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. The following table sets forth by level
within the fair value hierarchy the Company s financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value as of
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016. 

(1)    Netting  In accordance with the Company s standard practice, its commodity derivatives
are subject to counterparty netting under agreements governing such derivatives and therefore the risk of loss is somewhat mitigated.   

The following methods and assumptions were
used to estimate the fair value of the assets and liabilities in the table above: 

Level 1 Fair value Measurements  

  Fair Value of Financial Instruments.
   The Company s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts
receivable and payable and derivatives (discussed below). The carrying values of cash equivalents and accounts receivable and payable
are representative of their fair values due to their short term maturities. 

Level 2 Fair Measurements  

  Derivative Contracts.  The Company s
derivative contracts consist of oil collars and oil call options. The fair value of these contracts are based on inputs that are
either readily available in the public market, such as oil future prices or inputs that can be corroborated from active markets.
Fair value is determined through the use of a discounted cash model using applicable inputs discussed above. 

Other fair value measurements  

  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair
Value on a Nonrecurring Basis.  

 The Company also applies fair value accounting
guidance to measure non financial assets and liabilities such as business acquisitions, proved oil and gas properties, and
asset retirement obligations. These assets and liabilities are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances
and are not subject to recurring revaluations. These items are primarily valued using the present value of estimated future cash
inflows and/or outflows. Given the unobservable nature of these inputs, they are deemed to be Level 3. 

Some oil and gas properties are stated
at fair value as at June 30, 2016. As a result of the significant decline in oil prices experienced in recent months, the carrying
value of oil and gas properties was reviewed and subject to impairment costs of $11 million for the twelve months ended June 30,
2016, the majority of which related to our North Stockyard field due to the sustained decrease in the oil price. 

Following the sale of our North Stockyard
property in October 2016, we closed out 42,300 barrels of oil hedges and 220,750 mcf of natural gas hedges at a cost of $169,182
to us, including $165,003 in deferred premiums. 

6. Commitments and Contingencies  

The Company has no accrued environmental
liabilities for its sites, including sites in which governmental agencies have designated the Company as a potentially responsible
party, because it is not probable that a loss will be incurred and the minimum cost and/or amount of loss cannot be reasonably
estimated. However, due to uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and remediation activities, future expense to
remediate the currently identified sites, and sites identified in the future, if any, could be incurred. Management believes, based
upon current site assessments, that the ultimate resolution of any such matters will not materially affect our results of operations
or cash flows. 

From time to time, we are involved in various
legal proceedings through the ordinary course of business. While the ultimate outcome is not known, management believes that any
resolution will not materially impact the financial statements. 

7. Capitalized Exploration Expense  

We use the successful efforts method of
accounting for exploration and evaluation expenditure in respect of each area of interest. The application of this policy requires
management to make certain estimates and assumptions as to future events and circumstances, in particular the assessment of whether
economic quantities of reserves have been found.  Any such estimates and assumptions may change as new information becomes
available. 

Exploration and evaluation assets are assessed
for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an exploration and evaluation asset may exceed
its recoverable amount.  When assessing for impairment consideration is given to but not limited to the following: 

the period for which Samson has the right
to explore;    

planned and budgeted future exploration
expenditure;    

activities incurred during the year; and    

activities planned for future periods.    

If, after having capitalized expenditures
under our policy, we conclude that we are unlikely to recover the expenditures through future exploitation, then the relevant capitalized
amount will be written off to expense. 

As of September 30, 2016 we had capitalized
exploration expenditures of $220,703. This amount primarily relates to costs incurred in connection with our Cane Creek project
in Utah. 

Exploration or divestment activities are
continuing in all exploration areas. The outcome of these activities remains uncertain and may result in write offs in future periods
if the related efforts prove unsuccessful. 

8.  Share Capital  

Issue of Share Capital    

 The company has not issued any share capital
during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2015, 52,279 options with an exercise price of 3.8 cents (Australian) per ordinary share were exercised for net proceeds of
$1,475. 

All options exercised were issued in a
public rights offering conducted in June 2013. 

9. Cash Flow Statement  

Reconciliation of loss after tax to the
net cash flows from operations: 

10. Credit Facility  

(1)  $11.5 million of the facility has been presented as a current liability as it represents the portion of the facility that was
required to be paid down upon the closing of the sale of the North Stockyard field. This sale closed on October 28, 2016 and the
pay down of the facility occurred October 31, 2016.   

In January 2014, we entered into a $25.0
million credit facility with our primary lender, Mutual of Omaha Bank, with an initial borrowing base of $8.0 million, which was
increased to $15.5 million in June 2014. In March 2016, the facility was extended to $30.5 million to partly fund the Foreman Butte
acquisition. As a result of this amendment to the facility agreement, the following changes were made to the original facility
agreement: 

The addition of more restrictive financial
covenants (including the debt to EBITDA ratio and the minimum liquidity requirement);    

Increases in the interest rate and unused
facility fee;    

The addition of a minimum hedging requirement
of 75% of forecasted production;    

A requirement to reduce our general and
administrative costs from $6 million per year to $3 million per year;    

A requirement to raise $5 million in equity
on or before September 30, 2016 (this was extended to November 15, 2016 and then effective November 10, 2016 Mutual of Omaha agreed
that this requirement had been met following the $1.4 million capital raise completed in April 2016 and by the application of retained
funds from the North Stockyard sale);    

The addition of a monthly cash flow sweep
whereby 50% of cash operating income will be used to repay outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement. No repayments have
been made under this covenant.    

Effective November 10, 2016 Mutual of Omaha
increased our borrowing base to $20 million, of which $19 million is drawn. We have entered into further negotiations with Mutual
of Omaha and expect a new borrowing base will be determined in early 2017 based on a November 30, 2016 reserve report. While we
can make no assurances we believe it is likely that this facility will be syndicated with another bank. 

The borrowing base under our credit facility
may be increased, (up to the credit facility maximum of $50.0 million) or decreased depending on the value of our reserves. Borrowing
base redeterminations are performed by the lender every six months based on our June and December reserve reports. While we can
make no assurances, we expect the November 2016 redetermination mentioned above will be a wildcard determination, which the facility
agreement allows once a year. We also have the ability to request a borrowing base redetermination at another period, once a year.
The facility matures October 31, 2017. The interest rate is LIBOR plus 6.00% or approximately 6.30% for the quarter ended September
30, 2016. This decreased to 3.5% plus LIBOR following the pay down of the facility in October 2016. 

The credit facility includes the following
covenants, tested on a quarterly basis: 

Current ratio greater than 1    

Interest coverage ratio minimum of between
2.5 and 1.0    

We were in compliance with all of our covenants
as at June 30, 2016. 

As at September 30, 2016 we were in breach
of our spending cap with respect to the general and administrative expenses. We have received a waiver with respect to this covenant. 

We were in compliance with all other covenants
as at September 30, 2016. 

If the current pricing environment does
not improve it will difficult to maintain compliance with covenants based our current debt levels. If we are not in compliance
with the financial covenants in the credit facility, or if we do not receive a waiver from the lender, and if we fail to cure any
such noncompliance during the applicable cure period, the due date of our debt could be accelerated by the lender. In addition,
failure to comply with any of the covenants under our credit facility could adversely affect our ability to fund ongoing operations. 

We incurred $0.6 million in borrowing costs
(including legal fees and bank fees) in connection with the establishment of this facility which have been deferred and are being
amortized over the life of the facility. 

11. Derivatives  

The Company has not designated any of its derivative contracts
as hedges for accounting purposes. The Company records all derivative contracts at fair value. Changes in derivative contracts
are recognized in earnings. Changes in settlements and valuation gains and losses are included in loss/(gain) on derivative instruments
in the Statement of Operations. These contracts are settled on a monthly basis. Derivative assets and liabilities arising from
the Company s derivative contracts with the same counterparty that provide for net settlement are reported on a net basis
in the Balance Sheet. 

The Company is exposed to commodity price risk, which impacts
the predictability of its cash flows from the sale of oil. The Company seeks to manage this risk through the use of commodity derivative
contracts These derivative contracts allow the Company to limit its exposure to commodity price volatility on a portion of its
forecasted oil sales. At September 30, 2016, the Company s commodity derivative contracts consisted of collars and fixed
price swaps, which are described below: 

Collar   
      Collars contain a fixed floor price (put) and fixed ceiling price (call).  If the market price exceeds the call strike price or falls below the put strike price, the Company receives the fixed price and pays the market price.  If the market price is between the call and the put strike price, no payments are due from the either party.   

Fixed price swap   
      The Company receives a fixed price for the contract and pays a floating market price to the counterparty over a specified period for a contracted volume.   

All of the Company s derivative contracts are with the
same counterparty (a large multinational oil company) and are shown on a net basis on the Balance Sheet. The Company s counterparty
has entered into an inter-creditor agreement with the Company s primary lender, and as such, no additional collateral is
required by the counterparty. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2016 we recognized $443,356
in gain on derivative instruments in the Statement of Operations. 

Following the closing of the North Stockyard project, we closed
out we closed out a portion of our previous hedge positions in line with the reduced production forecast. 

Following the sale of our North Stockyard property in October
2016, we closed out 42,300 barrels of oil hedges and 220,750 mcf of natural gas hedges at a cost of $169,182 to us, including $165,003
in deferred premiums. 

At September 30, 2016 the Company s open derivative contracts
consisted of the following: 

12. Subsequent Events  

On October 28, 2016 we closed on the sale
of the North Stockyard properties. The effective date of the transaction was October 29, 2016. The sales price was $15.05 million
of which $1.0 million was received as a deposit on June 30, 2016 and is recorded as a payable on September 30, 2016. The assets
sold are categorized as held for sale in the Balance Sheet as at September 30, 2016 for the amount of $13.7 million. Upon completion
of the sale we will also release $0.4 million in long term liability currently held in our Asset Retirement Obligation as we are
no longer responsible for the retirement obligation for the wells sold. On October 31, 2016 we paid down our credit facility with
Mutual of Omaha by $11.5 million. 

Item 2.   Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

The following is management s discussion
and analysis of certain significant factors that have affected aspects of our financial position and the results of operations
during the periods included in the accompanying Condensed Financial Statements. You should read this in conjunction with the discussion
under  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and the audited Financial
Statements for the year ended June 30, 2016, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Consolidated Financial
Statements included elsewhere herein. 

Throughout this report, a barrel of oil
or Bbl means a stock tank barrel ( STB ) and a thousand cubic feet of gas or Mcf means a thousand standard cubic feet
of gas ( Mscf ). 

Overview   

We are an independent energy company primarily
engaged in the acquisition, exploration, exploitation and development of oil and natural gas properties.  Our strategy
is to focus on the exploration, exploitation and development of our major oil plays   the Madison Group reservoirs in the
Williston Basin in Williams and McKenzie Counties, North Dakota, and Roosevelt County in Montana.   Our principal exploratory
play is located in the Paradox Basin in Utah. 

In March 2016 we closed on an acquisition
(the  Foreman Butte Acquisition ) of certain assets located in North Dakota and Montana, which we refer to as the  Foreman
Butte Project,  for a purchase price of $16 million. The acquired assets consist of producing oil and gas wells, shut in
wells and associated facilities. The wells are located in the Madison and Ratcliffe formations. The majority of these wells will
be operated by us, however there are a number of non-operated wells also included in this package. 

Our net oil production was 90,957 barrels
of oil for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to 60,723 barrels of oil for the quarter ended September 30, 2015.  The
decrease in oil production expected from the natural decline in production witnessed in Bakken wells in our North Stockyard project
was offset by the increase in production as a result of the Foreman Butte Acquisition. 

Our net gas production was 68,580 Mcf for
the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to 95,559 Mcf for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Coupled with the expected
decrease in production witnessed in the Bakken, during the quarter seven significant gas or associated gas wells were down (and
not producing) for a total of 300 days in aggregate. Associated gas produced in the Foreman Butte is not as significant as the
oil production, therefore the acquisition has not offset the normal production declines. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, we reported a net loss of $0.5 million and a net loss of $2.1 million, respectively. The loss in the
current period reflects $0.5 million in depletion and amortization while the loss in the prior period reflects a $1.5 million depletion,
amortization and impairment expenditure. See  Results of Operations  below. 

In the execution of our strategy,
our management is principally focused on economically developing additional reserves of oil and on maximizing production levels
through exploration, exploitation and development activities on a cost-effective basis. 

Notable Activities and Status of Material
Properties during the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 and Current Activities   

Acquisition: Producing Properties    

Foreman Butte Project, McKenzie County,
North Dakota   

  Mississippian Madison Formation, Williston
Basin  

   Samson 87% Operated Average Working
Interest    

 We continued our extensive workover program
of returning previously shut-in wells to production. This program has resulted in more than a three-times increase in production
since we took over operatorship in June. The initial workovers involved five workover rigs completing operations on 32 wells. New
workover operations are commencing on additional shut-in wells in an effort to continue to increase oil production. 

Lease operating expenses have been reduced
from those incurred by the previous operator making previously un-economical wells economical in the current pricing environment.
We have achieved this by negotiating below-market rig rates and by specifically addressing our chemical and well treatment programs
including fresh water and hot oiling. Produced water transportation and disposal has been significantly decreased by optimizing
truck routes, disposal destinations, and negotiating reduced rates across the board. Transport and general trucking costs have
been nearly eliminated by employing full time employees and owning equipment. Additionally, these crews have allowed us to handle
all weed control issues without having to employ contractors to perform this function. We intend to continue to focus on cost control
as a key initiative moving forward. 

While the initial results of the multi-stage
acid stimulation on the Maris 1-16H well are inconclusive, due to an emulsion now being produced with the oil, the fresh water
cleanout of the Evans 1-10H well was a success in that it created a two times uplift in production. These two wells are horizontal
open hole completions in the Ratcliffe Member of the Mississippian Madison Formation, which is predominantly a limestone reservoir. 

The multi-stage acid stimulation job on
the Maris 1-16H well placed 4,600 bbls of HCl acid and included in addition to other water based fluids, the injection of 4,200
barrels of diversion agent, spacers and pads necessary to complete the placement of acid in 19 stages across 5 zones. The Maris
well is currently producing around 20 BOPD and 200 barrels of water per day. 

The Evans 1-10H fresh water cleanout operation
involved pumping 4,000 barrels of water into the wellbore to remove any blockages and salt deposits potentially blocking the well
bore or reducing production. The Evans well is currently producing around 60 BOPD and 400 BWPD. 

We plan to continue to assess the results
of both the acid stimulation and the fresh water clean out, however it currently appears as if the remaining 18 wells to be worked
over in Foreman Butte Field would be better suited for fresh water cleanouts rather than multi-stage acid stimulations. Importantly
a fresh water clean out is substantially less expensive ($100,000) than an acid stimulation ($500,000). 

We are currently preparing to re-enter
the Mission Canyon lateral of the Banks 1-18H well. This well was originally drilled as a dual lateral in the Mission Canyon and
Ratcliffe zones, but was never produced from the Mission Canyon lateral due to a stuck whipstock and cast iron bridge plug that
was set above the Mission Canyon interval in order to drill the lateral in the shallower Ratcliffe zone. Since the Ratcliffe zone
is now depleted for the most part, we are planning to attempt to unseat the stuck whipstock and cast iron bridge plug to access
the Mission Canyon lateral. Mudlog and drilling reports show that hundreds of barrels of oil were produced while drilling the Mission
Canyon lateral in 2005. While we can make no assurances, if sustained production can be achieved from accessing and producing the
Mission Canyon zone, many additional new wells could soon be drilled to delineate a new field discovery. 

A production efficiency and enhancement
study has been initiated that will help identify sub-performing wells, relative to historical and forecasted production. Examples
of sub-performance include high fluid levels, inefficient stroke lengths and/or speeds, worn pumps, poor rod designs, and improperly-sized
pumping units. Additionally, the study will help quantify important reservoir characteristics, such as connectivity and reservoir
pressure, which will be used to model the field and provide direction for appropriate economic development. 

Undeveloped Properties: Exploration
Activities    

Hawk Springs Project, Goshen County,
Wyoming   

  Permo-Penn Project, Northern D-J Basin

Samson 37.5% working interest    

A recompletion in the Bluff #1-11 well
will be attempted in November 2016. The Jurassic Canyon Springs Formation will be perforated and flow tested first. If this is
unsuccessful, the Cretaceous Dakota Formation will subsequently be perforated and flow tested. 

Spirit of America US34 #2-29 well   

   Samson 100% Working Interest   

 This well will be plugged and abandoned
during the second quarter of fiscal 2017. 

Cane Creek Project, Grand   San
Juan Counties, Utah  

  Pennsylvanian Paradox Formation, Paradox
Basin   

   Samson 100% Working Interest   

 On November 5, 2014, we entered into an
Other Business Arrangement ( OBA ) with the Utah School and Institutional Trust Lands Administration ( SITLA )
covering approximately 8,080 gross/net acres located in Grand and San Juan Counties, Utah, all of which are administered by SITLA.
We were granted an option period for two years in order to enter into a Multiple Mineral Development Agreement ( MMDA )
with another company who hold leases to extract potash in an acreage position situated within our project area. In November 2015,
we paid an extension fee of $40,000 in order to extend the option period to December 2016. Subsequently, the MMDA has been finalized
and is awaiting signature by both parties. Upon entering into the MMDA, SITLA is obligated to deliver oil and gas leases covering
our project area at cost of $75 per acre to us. 

This acreage is located in the heart of
the Cane Creek Clastic Play of the Paradox Formation along the Cane Creek anticline. The primary drilling objective is the overpressured
and oil saturated Cane Creek Clastic interval. Keys to the play to date include positioning along the axis of the Cane Creek anticline
and exposure to open natural fractures. The 3-D seismic is currently being designed to image these natural fractures. The seismic
shoot was surveyed and permitted this past summer. While we can make no assurances, we believe this project has the potential to
provide very robust economics in a low priced oil environment using the evidence obtained from a nearby  competitor
well that has produced 802,967 BO in just over two years.  

Developed Properties: Drilling
Activities    

North Stockyard Oilfield, Williams County,
North Dakota  

  Mississippian Bakken Formation, Williston
Basin  

  Bakken   Three Forks infill wells  

   Samson ~25-30% working interest   

The sale of this project area was completed
on October 28, 2016. The impact of this sale has not been included in the accounts as September 30, 2016 as the effective date
of the transaction was not until October 29, 2016. The project was sold for $15.05 million and its carrying value was $13.7 million
as of September 30, 2016. 

Rainbow Project, Williams County, North
Dakota   

  Mississippian Bakken Formation, Williston Basin  

   Samson 23% and 52% working interest    

In 2013, we acquired 656 acres in a 1,255
acre drilling unit and 294 acres in a 1,280 acre drilling unit. Both drilling units are located in the Rainbow Project, Williams
County, North Dakota. The Rainbow Project is located in Sections 17, 18, 19 and 20 in T158N R99W. 

Samson acquired the net acres in the Rainbow
Project from the vendor as part of an acreage trade and is obligated provide a $1 million carry (10% of expected costs to drill
and complete the first well) to the vendor, for the first development well to be drilled in the Rainbow Project. 

Samson has assessed the project based on
offset well data and believes that the project will support 16 wells, 8 in the middle Bakken and 8 in the first bench of the Three
Forks. These wells would be expected to be configured as north-south orientated 10,000 foot horizontals. 

In the western drilling unit of the acquired
acreage, we hold a 52% working interest. In the eastern drilling unit, our interest is 23%. Continental Resources has been designated
as Operator, due to their larger working interest. 

The first well in this project area, the
Gladys 1-20H well (23% working interest), was drilled and completed in January 2014. During the quarter the Gladys 1-20H well produced
6,448 barrels of oil (gross). We have no further drilling planned in this project area until there is a sustained recovery in the
oil prices, however six additional wells could be drilled in the 1280 acre unit. 

Results of Operations  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, we reported a net loss of $0.5 million compared to a net loss of $2.1 million for the same period in 2015. 

The following tables sets forth selected
operating data for the three months ended: 

The following table sets forth results
of operations for the following periods: 

Comparison of Quarter Ended September
30, 2016 to Quarter Ended September 30, 2015   

Oil and gas revenues  

Oil revenues increased from $2.4 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $3.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as a result of the
decrease in the oil price despite an increase in oil production. Oil production increased from 60,723 barrels for the three months
ended September 30, 2015 to 90,957 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. This increase was due to our Foreman Butte acquisition
which was completed in April 2016. This project added 60,347 barrels of oil to our production total for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to nil for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in production was offset in part
by a decrease in the realized oil price which decreased from $39.90 per Bbl for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $39.43
per Bbl (excluding the impact of derivatives) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 following a decrease in global oil
prices. 

Gas revenues decreased from $0.2 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. This decrease is due
to a decrease in gas production which has offset an increase in the realized gas price. Production decreased from 95,559 Mcf for
the quarter ended September 30, 2015 to 68,580 Mcf for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in production was due
to a number of our wells being down during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. The Foreman Butte acquisition has not added significantly
to the gas production as the wells in the acquisition area do not have a high gas content. The decrease in production was compounded
by a decrease in the realized gas price which decreased slightly from $2.27 per Mcf for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 to
$2.08 per Mcf for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Impact of North Stockyard sale  

 During the quarter ended September 30,
2016 the North Stockyard field, which was sold effective October 29, 2016 produced 27,266 barrels of oil or approximately 30% of
our total production for the quarter. During the quarter, the North Stockyard field produced 54,669 mcf of gas or approximately
80% of our gas production. 

Commencing October 29, 2016 we will no
longer receive the benefit of production from this field. 

Exploration expense   

Exploration expenditures decreased from
$0.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, to $6,055 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Exploration costs in
both periods relate to general exploration work and delay rentals payable to keep exploration leases alive. With the continued
weak oil price, exploration expenditure has been significantly reduced. Leases have been let go as they expire or delay rentals
not made causing the leases to expire. 

Impairment expense  

During the three months ended September
30, 2015 we recognized $0.1 million in impairment expense compared to $0.2 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.
The impairment recognized in the current quarter relates to a write down in the value of oil inventory held on the balance sheet
related to our accounting policy of the holding inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The impairment recognized
in the prior quarter primarily relates to our Gladys well in the Rainbow field and is driven by the sustained decrease in the oil
price seen in the past year. 

Lease operating expense  

Lease operating expenses (LOE) increased
from $1.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015, to $2.2 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Costs per
BOE have remained consistent at around $19.00 per BOE for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Impact of North Stockyard sale  

 During the quarter ended September 30,
2016 the North Stockyard field contributed $0.5 million to the lease operating expense. This equates to approximately $13 per barrel,
including production taxes. 

Commencing October 29, 2016 we will no
longer be responsible for the lease operating costs or production taxes associated with this field. 

Depletion, depreciation and amortization
expense   

Depletion, depreciation and amortization
expense decreased from $1.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 to $0.5 million for the quarter ended September 30,
2016. The decrease in depletion is a result of the increase in the reserve base over which depletion is following the Foreman Butte
project acquisition. Depletion has not been charged on the North Stockyard assets, as is customary when assets are held for sale.
The per BOE cost decreased from $19.36 for the three months ended September 31, 2015 to $5.08 for the three months ended September
30, 2016. 

General and administrative expense  

General and administrative expense increased
slightly from $1.1 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 to $1.2 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. We
have been actively trying to reduce our general and administrative costs in recent periods. The slight increase in general and
administrative costs has been offset at on a per BOE basis by increased production. The BOE costs decreased from $13.84 for the
quarter ended September 30, 2015 to $11.28 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Cash Flows  

The table below shows cash flows for the
following periods:  

Cash provided by operations decreased from
a net inflow of $1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, to a net inflow of $0.07 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2016. Cash receipts from customers decreased from $4.2 million for three months ended September 30, 2015 to
$3.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, due to a decrease in the realized oil price despite an increase in
production. Payments to suppliers and employees also increased slightly from $2.6 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015 to $2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 following increased workover activity in our Foreman Butte
project area. 

Cash used in investing activities decreased
from $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016.
The cash outflow for the prior period related to ongoing activities in our North Stockyard project in North Dakota. The cash outflow
in the current period relates to continued work in Foreman Butte field. 

Cash provided by financing activities decreased
from a cash inflow of $1,475 for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $nil for the three months ended September 30, 2016.
Cash inflow for the prior period related to in proceeds from the exercise of options. 

All options outstanding as at September
30, 2016 are currently out of the money. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Capital
Expenditures  

Our primary use of capital has been acquiring,
developing and exploring oil and natural gas properties and we anticipate this will be our primary use of capital during fiscal
2017.   

Following the closing of our Foreman Butte
Acquisition, our current budget for exploration, exploitation and development capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 is $3.0 million,
of which we incurred approximately $1.5 million during the first three months of the fiscal year. These expenditures were
funded through our current cash on hand and cash generated from oil sales. We have additional workovers planned in our Foreman
Butte Project during the course of the year. 

In January 2014, we entered into a $25.0
million credit facility with our primary lender, Mutual of Omaha Bank, with an initial borrowing base of $8.0 million, which was
increased to $15.5 million in June 2014. In November 2014, the borrowing base was increased to $19.0 million, which was fully drawn
prior to the closing of the Foreman Butte Acquisition. In March 2016, our credit facility was amended to increase the borrowing
base to $30.5 million to partially fund the Foreman Butte Acquisition. An additional $4 million in financing was also provided
by the seller. This promissory note is due April 1, 2017 and has a 10% interest rate. We were required under the amended credit
agreement to repay Mutual of Omaha $10 million by June 30, 2016. This was ultimately increased to $11.5 million and extended to
October 31, 2016. The pay down was achieved through the sale of our North Stockyard property for $15.05 million on October 28,
2016 and was made on October 31, 2016. 

As a result of the amendment of the credit
facility, the interest rate has been increased to 6% plus the 90 day LIBOR or approximately 6.5% from April 1, 2016 onwards. This
will be reduced following the pay down of the facility as detailed above. The amendment to our credit facility also requires us
to comply with additional restrictions, which are described below. Following the repayment of the facility on October 31, 2016
the interest rate has been reduced to LIBOR plus 3.5%. 

As of November 10, 2016 our borrowing base
was increased to $20 million by Mutual of Omaha Bank, of which $19 million has been drawn down. The additional borrowing base capacity
has no additional restrictions on it. 

The borrowing base under our credit facility
may be increased (up to the credit facility maximum of $50.0 million, which would require syndication of the loan) or decreased
in the future depending on the value of our reserves. Borrowing base redeterminations are performed by the lender every six months
based on our June and December reserve reports. We also have the ability to request a borrowing base redetermination at another
period, once a year. The facility matures January 28, 2017. Mutual of Omaha Bank have indicated that they will perform a borrowing
base determination based on our November 30, 2016 reserves. We can make no assurances, but we expect this borrowing base review
to result in a significant increase to our current borrowing base and have commenced discussions with other banks with a view to
syndicating the loan, at the suggestion of Mutual of Omaha Bank. 

In March 2016, the facility was extended
to $30.5 million to partly fund the Foreman Butte acquisition. As a result of this amendment to the facility agreement, the following
changes were made to the original facility agreement: 

The addition of more restrictive financial
covenants (including the debt to EBITDA ratio and the minimum liquidity requirement);    

Increases in the interest rate and unused
facility fee;    

The addition of a minimum hedging requirement
of 75% of forecasted production;    

A requirement to reduce our general and
administrative costs from $6 million per year to $3 million per year;    

A requirement to raise $5 million in equity
on or before September 30, 2016 (this was extended to November 15, 2016 and then effective November 10, 2016. Mutual of Omaha agreed
that this requirement had been met following the $1.4 million capital raise completed in April 2016 and by the application of retained
funds from the North Stockyard sale);    

The addition of a monthly cash flow sweep
whereby 50% of cash operating income will be used to repay outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement. No repayments have
been made under this covenant.    

The credit facility includes the following
covenants, tested on a quarterly basis: 

Current ratio greater than 1    

Interest coverage ratio minimum of between
2.5 and 1.0    

We were in compliance with all of our covenants
as at June 30, 2016. 

As at September 30, 2016 we were in breach
of our spending cap with respect to the general and administrative expenses. We have received a waiver with respect to this covenant. 

We were in compliance with all other covenants
as at September 30, 2016. 

$11.5 million of the credit facility in the current period has
been presented as a current liability; the remaining $19 million has been recorded as a non-current liability and is due for repayment
October 2017. We are working with the bank to renegotiate our facility and extend its term. We believe we will meet the covenants
in the future, however if we do not we will continue to ask for waivers on a quarterly basis as necessary; however there can be
no guarantee they will be granted. If we do not receive a waiver from the lender, and if we fail to cure any such noncompliance
during the applicable cure period, the due date of our debt could be accelerated by the lender. In addition, failure to comply
with any of the covenants under our credit facility could adversely affect our ability to fund ongoing operations. 

The funds drawn from our credit facility
were used to fund drilling in our North Stockyard project in North Dakota and more recently, to partially fund the Foreman Butte
acquisition. 

Uncertainties relating to our capital resources
and requirements include the effects of results from our exploration and drilling program and changes in oil and natural gas prices,
either of which could lead us to accelerate or decelerate exploration and drilling activities. The aggregate levels of capital
expenditures for our fiscal year ending June 30, 2017, and the allocation of those expenditures, are dependent on a variety of
factors, including the availability of capital resources to fund the expenditures and changes in our business assessments as to
where our capital can be most profitably employed. Accordingly, the actual levels of capital resources and expenditures and the
allocation of those expenditures may vary materially from our estimates. 

We are continually monitoring the capital
resources available to us to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities and liquidity.  Our
future success in growing our proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on capital resources available to us and
our success in finding or acquiring such additional productive reserves. 

Our main sources of liquidity during the
three months ended September 30, 2016 were cash on hand and cash flow from operations. 

During the prior four fiscal years, our
three main sources of liquidity were (i) borrowings under our credit facility, (ii) equity issued to raise $21.4 million and (iii)
our tax refund of $5.6 million from the Internal Revenue Service, received in February 2013. During the years prior to the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2012, our primary sources of liquidity were the sale of acreage and other oil and gas assets. 

Our cash position as of September 30, 2016
decreased from June 30, 2016 largely due to payments for recompletion and workover activities in our Foreman Butte project in North
Dakota and Montana. 

In October 2016, we closed on the sale
of our North Stockyard project for $15.05 million. $11.5 million of this has been used to pay down our credit facility with Mutual
of Omaha Bank. $0.2 million was used to close out a portion of our hedge positions to balance our hedge book following the sale
of production. The remaining $3.35 million, including the $1.0 million deposit paid in June 2016, will be used for future working
capital. 

In April 2016, we issued 378,020,400 ordinary
shares at $0.0037 per ordinary share to raise gross proceeds of $1,398,675. 

In April 2016, we also received cash of
$725,000 from Halliburton following the settlement of our legal dispute with them. 

If future production rates are less than
anticipated, and/or the oil price continues to deteriorate for an extended period, the value of our position in affected areas
will decline, our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity will be adversely impacted and we could incur material
write-downs of oil and gas properties. See the risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2016. See also Part II, Item 1A of this report below. 

Looking Ahead  

We plan to focus on the following objectives
in the coming 12 months: 

Continued focus on cost savings and efficiency
across all aspects of the Company including lease operating costs and general and administrative costs;    

Continued focus on strengthening the balance
sheet through strong capital management;    

The successful integration of the properties
and assets acquired in the Foreman Butte Acquisition, and the review and workover of such assets;    

The continued appraisal of our Cane Creek
project in the Paradox basin in Utah;     

The continued search and appraisal of
new development and exploration projects that add value to our current portfolio at lower oil prices;    

Repayment of the $4 million promissory
note issued to the seller in the Foreman Butte Acquisition; and    

Regaining and maintaining compliance with
NYSE MKT listing standards.    

Our ability to meet these objectives will
depend on our ability to raise additional capital to fund the planned development programs. 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures.  

As of September 30, 2016, we have carried
out an evaluation under the supervision of, and with the participation of, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant
to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed
by us in such reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.   

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We may make changes in our internal control
procedures from time to time in the future. 

Part II   Other Information  

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings.  

In the ordinary course of our business
we are named from time to time as a defendant in various legal proceedings.  We maintain liability insurance and believe
that our coverage is reasonable in view of the legal risks to which our business ordinarily is subject. 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors.  

In addition to the risks described above
and other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part
I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.  The
risks disclosed herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K could materially affect our business, financial condition or future
results.  The risks described herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing us.  Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition or operating results in the future. 

Item 2.   
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

Not applicable. 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures.  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.    Other Information.  

Not applicable. 

Item 6.    Exhibits.  

Exhibit No.   
       
       Title of Exhibit    

31.1  
       
      Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31.2  
       
      Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.1  
       
      Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

*Furnished herewith   

Signatures  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SAMSON OIL   GAS LIMITED    

Date:  November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Terry Barr   

Terence M. Barr   

Managing Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Robyn Lamont   

Robyn Lamont   

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452969_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

   PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Terence M. Barr, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Samson Oil   Gas Limited;  

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have:   

(a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company s auditors and the audit committee of the company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company s internal control over financial reporting.   

/s/ Terry Barr  

Terence M. Barr  

Managing Director, President and Chief Executive Officer   

November 14, 2016  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452969_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

   PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Robyn Lamont, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Samson Oil   Gas Limited;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the company s auditors and the audit committee of the company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the company s internal control over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452969_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States
Code), the undersigned officers of Samson Oil   Gas Limited (the  Company ), do hereby certify, to such officer s
knowledge, that: 

(1)   The
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)   The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ Terry Barr  

Terence M. Barr  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director  

November 14, 2016  

/s/ Robyn Lamont  

Robyn Lamont  

Chief Financial Officer  

November 14, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 ssn-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ssn-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ssn-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ssn-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ssn-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ssn-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

