<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-K_edgar_data_1622676_0001549727-16-000157_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>294710</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>74187</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>151337</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>18</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001549727-16-000157.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161014120341
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001549727-16-000157
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001622676
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-DRUG STORES AND PROPRIETARY STORES [5912]
		IRS NUMBER:				030380057
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-200602
		FILM NUMBER:		161936441

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245-16 HORACE HARDING EXPRESSWAY,
		CITY:			LITTLE NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11362
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7186311522

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245-16 HORACE HARDING EXPRESSWAY,
		CITY:			LITTLE NECK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11362

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001549727-16-000157.txt : 20161014

10-K
 1
 txspform10kjune302016.htm
 FORM 10-K

Converted by EDGARwiz 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, DC 20549 
   
  FORM 10-K  
   
 [ X ] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
   
 For the fiscal year ended  June 30, 2016  
   
 [  ] TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934: 
   
 For the transition period from______ to ______ 
   
 Commission File Number   333-200602   
   
   Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc.   
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
   
 ( Formerly known as  Little Neck Health Connection, Inc  ) 

245-16 Horace Harding Expressway,   
  Little Neck, NY 11362  
  Phone:  (718) 631-1522 
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including 
 area code, of registrant's principal executive offices) 
   
  Jiayue Zhang  
  245-16 Horace Harding Expressway,   
  Little Neck, NY 11362  
  Phone:  (718) 631-1522   
 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) 
   
 Copy of Communications To :  
   
  Bernard   Yam, LLP   
  Attn: Man Yam, Esq.  
  140-75 Ash Avenue, Suite 2D  
  Flushing, NY 11355  
Tel: 212-219-7783  
Fax: 212-219-3604  
 (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person  
Authorized to Receive Notice and Communications on Behalf of Registrant)  

1 

Check whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes [X]   No [  ] 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes [X]    No[  ] 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large Accelerated Filer [  ] 
   Accelerated Filer [  ] 
   Non-accelerated Filer [  ] 
   Smaller Reporting Company [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes o    No [X] 
   
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: as of October 13, 2016, there are 81,500,200 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Item 1.   Business 
       
   Item 1A.   Risk Factors 
       
   Item 1B.   Unresolved Staff Comments 
       
   Item 2.   Properties 
       
   Item 3.   Legal Proceedings 
       
   Item 4.   [Removed and Reserved] 
       
   Item 5.   Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
       
   Item 6.   Selected Financial Data 
       
   Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
       
   Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
       
   Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
       
   Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
       
   Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures 
       
   Item 9B.   Other Information 
       
   Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
       
   Item 11.    Executive Compensation 
       
   Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
       
   Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
       
   Item 14.    Principal Accountants Fees and Services 
       
   Item 15.    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

3 

PART I  
   
    Item 1.  Business  
   
 This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled  Risk Factors , that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
   
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. 
   
 Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
    
 unless the context requires or is otherwise indicated, the terms  we,   us,   our,  the  Registrant,  the  Company,   our company   only refer to Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc., a New York corporation, incorporated on January 02, 2002. Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. s former name is Little Neck Health Connection Inc and we still carry out business as  Little Neck Health Connection Inc . 
   
 The Company was formed under the name of  Little Neck Health Connection Inc  in the state of New York on January 2, 2002. The Company is operating a retail store, located in Little Neck, New York, selling dietary supplement products such as vitamins, minerals, calcium, fibers, and proteins, etc. 
   
 On September 22, 2014, the Company filed the amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to change its name to Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. and increased the number of authorized shares to 1,5000,000,000 and changed the par of each share to each share to $0.00001. The Company sold 80,000,000 shares at $0.001 per share on March 31, 2015 and sold 1,500,000 shares at $0.001 per share on October 14, 2014. 
   
 The Company filed a registration statement on form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the registration and resale of 1,500,000 shares at $0.10 per share. The proceeds from the sale of these shares will go to the selling shareholders. The Company will receive no proceeds. 
   
   Plan of Operation   
   
  The Company plans to open more retail stores in the Borough of Queens, New York City, New York. The new stores will be selling the same   dietary supplement products   that the current store is selling, including   vitamins, minerals, and proteins. In order to open new stores, the Company needs to find new locations appropriate for dietary supplement stores, negotiate leases with the potential landlords, hire additional managers to operate the new stores, and purchase more merchandise for the new stores  inventory. So far the Company is still searching for a suitable new location. The Company has not been able to develop a time frame on when it will find the suitable new location. Besides, the Company has not made any plan to raise the funds necessary to expand the operations. Therefore, there is the possibility that the Company may not be able to open any new stores or at all if the Company cannot find the suitable new locations and cannot raise the necessary funds for the business expansion.  

Products and Services  

4 

We are a retail store that sells dietary supplement products such as vitamins, minerals, calcium, fibers, and proteins, etc.  
   
  Customers and Sales  
   
  As a retail store, our customers are the individual shoppers. We don t rely on any particular customer. We do not derive any sales from mail order and internet sales.  
   
  Suppliers  
   
 Our main suppliers are dietary supplement products wholesalers. There is not any material supplier other than dietary supplement products wholesalers. 
   
 We purchase merchandise from a number of wholesalers. We do not rely on any particular supplier. 
   
  Our Competitors  
   
 The dietary supplements retail market in the U.S is highly competitive and fragmented. As a small retail store, our market share is very small and insignificant. There are thousands of stores national wide that are much larger than us. 
   
 According to our own internal research, the dietary supplement industry is very competitive and highly fragmented. Our Company will need to compete against many other companies. Bigger companies and established companies with more recognition in the market  have more funds to invest for promotion and marketing. These competitors may be able to attract and retain a larger number of talents, which would negatively affect our business. Included in the dietary supplements retail industry in the United States are drugstores, specialty retailers, multi-level marketing companies, supermarkets, on-line entities, mass merchandisers, and a variety of other smaller participants. We compete for sales with all these participants. We compete for customers and revenue primarily on the basis of store location, merchandise selection, and services. We believe that the continued consolidation of the drugstore industry and continued new store openings by chain store operators will further increase competitive pressures in the industry. In addition, some of our larger competitors may enjoy competitive advantages, such as greater financial and other resources; larger variety of products; more extensive and advanced supply chain management systems; greater pricing flexibility; larger economies of scale and purchasing power; more extensive advertising and marketing efforts; greater knowledge of local market conditions; stronger brand recognition; and larger sales and distribution networks. As a result, we may be unable to offer products more desirable than those offered by our competitors, market our products as effectively as our competitors or otherwise respond successfully to competitive pressures. In addition, our competitors may be able to offer larger discounts on competing products, and we may not be able to profitably match those discounts. Furthermore, our competitors may offer products that are more attractive to our customers or that render our products uncompetitive. In addition, the timing of the introduction of competing products into the market could affect the market acceptance and market share of our products. Our failure to compete successfully could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 
   
  Research and Development  
   
 We did not incur any research and development cost for the years ended June 30, 2016. 

Intellectual Property  
   
 None. 
   
  Employees  

5 

Currently we have not hired a full time employee to serve as store manager. We are still searching for the candidates to fill such position. On August 10, 2014, we entered into a consultant agreement with Kathy Chow to hire Ms. Chow to serve as a full time store manager. Ms. Chow agreed to provide the services as store manager on an independent contractor basis for 12 months from August 10, 2014 to  August 10, 2015 and renewable on a month to month basis till we hire a full time employee to serve as store manager. Ms. Chow is paid $5,000 per month. . The scope of services she provides includes: participate in learning and development activities (product education) in order to provide optimal customer service; maintain a professional and courteous relationship with customers; create a positive work environment; understand, support and achieve established sales goals and objectives; perform regular maintenance; clean shelves, backrooms, windows and floors; assist in unloading stock, stocking shelves, checking products against invoices, sorting and distributing stock, pricing merchandise, cleaning fixtures and displaying products; perform category maintenance by rotating products; identify damaged and expired products; operate the cash register and execute customer transactions efficiently; responsible for all register functions and adheres to and follows up on the bank deposit process. 
   
 Although Ms. Chow is a not an employee, she provides the services similar to employee. Therefore, she contributes significantly to our business operations.  However, since our agreement with Ms. Chow is an independent contractor agreement and is on temporary basis. The agreement expires on September 1, 2015 and is renewable on month to month basis afterwards. If we are unable to hire a full time store manager and Ms. Chow leaves us, we might not be able to continue our business operation. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors  
   
 As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
   
    Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  
   
 None. 
   
    Item 2.  Properties  
     
 We lease an approximately 1,200 square-foot retail store, which includes our warehouse and office in Little Neck, New York. The store lease was originally dated in 2004 and we renewed the lease in August 2014 for another term of ten years until July 31, 2024.  
   
  Real Estate  
   
 Other than the leased store space as described above under  Leased Properties , we do not have any real estate. 
   
  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  
   
 We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against us, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our company. 
   
    Item 4.  [Removed and Reserved]  

6 

PART II  
   
  Item 5.  Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters  
   
  Market Information  
   
 Our common stock is not traded on any exchange.  Our common stock is quoted on OTCQB under the trading symbol  TXSP .   We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future for our common stock. 
   
 OTCQB securities are not listed nor traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange.  Instead, OTCQB securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers.  OTCQB issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a national or regional stock exchange. 
   
 The range of high and low bid quotations by quarters from July 1, 2013 through June 30, 2016 is listed below. The quotations are taken from the OTC Bulletin Board. They reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Holders  
   
 As of October 13, 2016, there were 39 holders of record of our common stock. 
   
  Dividends  
   
 To date, we have not paid dividends on shares of our common stock and we do not expect to declare or pay dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable future.  The payment of any dividends will depend upon our future earnings, if any, our financial condition, and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
   
  Equity Compensation Plans  
   
 For the year ended June 30, 2016 and as of October 8, 2016, we did not have any equity compensation plans. 
   
  Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End  
   
 There were no outstanding equity awards for our executive officers and directors as of June 30, 2016. 
   
  Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers  
   
 We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during the year ended June 30, 2016. 
   
  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  
   
 We did not have any sales of unregistered securities which have not been previously disclosed.   

7 

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data  
   
 As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
   
    Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
   
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report.  The discussion of results, causes and trends should not be construed to imply any conclusion that these results or trends will necessarily continue into the future.  All references to currency in this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section are to U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted. 
   
 The Company was formed under the name of  Little Neck Health Connection, Inc.  in the state of New York on January 2, 2002. The Company is operating a retail store, located in Little Neck, New York, selling dietary supplement products such as vitamins, minerals, calcium, fibers, and proteins, etc. 
   
 On September 22, 2014, the Company filed the amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to change its name to Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. and increased the number of authorized shares to 1,5000,000,000 and changed the par of each share to each share to $0.00001. The Company has sold 80,000,000 shares at $0.001 per share on September 30, 2014 and 1,500,000 shares at $0.001 per share on October 14, 2014. 
   
 The Company filed a registration statement on form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the registration and resale of 1,500,000 shares at $0.10 per share. The proceeds from the sale of these shares will go to the selling shareholders. The Company will receive no proceeds. 
   
   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
   
 Our audited financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management's application of accounting policies.  We believe that understanding the basis and nature of the estimates and assumptions involved with the following aspects of our financial statements is critical to an understanding of our financials. 
   
  Use of Estimates  
   
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
  Revenue Recognition  
     
 The Company s revenues are primarily derived from the sales of vitamins, minerals, herbs, supplements, sports nutrition items and other health and wellness products. Revenue recognition policies comply with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 605, Revenue Recognition, when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists, delivery of services has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonable assured. 
   
  Income Taxes  

8 

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Section 740,  Income Taxes , which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences, which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled.  Deferred tax assets are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income.  A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 
   
 ASC 740 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.  Under ASC 740, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position would be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  ASC 740 also provides guidance on de-recognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, and accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions.  As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company does not have a liability for any unrecognized tax benefits. 
   
  Inventory  
   
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using a weighted average method which approximates first-in, first-out ( FIFO ). The Company marks down its inventory for estimated unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated net realizable value based on assumptions about the age of the inventory, future demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory markdown may be required. There were no inventory markdowns for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
  Property and Equipment  
   
 Property and equipment are stated at cost. The cost of property and equipment was depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation was computed on the straight-line method for both financial reporting and income tax purposes. The estimated useful life for furniture and fixtures was three years. All assets were fully depreciated as of June 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
  Results of Operations  
   
 The following table sets forth information from our statements of operations for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Revenues   
   
 During the year ended June 30, 2016 we generated $61,218   of revenues, compared to revenues of $101,125   during the year ended June 30, 2015, a decrease of $39,907. Such decrease was mainly due to the decrease in sales of dietary supplement products. 
   
  Cost of Revenues  
   
 Our cost of revenues during the year ended June 30, 2016 was $46,344, a decrease of $25,888, as compared to $72,232 for the year ended June 30, 2015. The decrease is due to the decrease in the volumes of products sold in the current fiscal year. 
   
  Gross Profit   
   
 Our gross profit decreased, $14,874 for the year ended June 30, 2016 from $28,893 for the year ended June 30, 2015. The decrease in gross profit is mainly due to the increasing wholesale price and the retail price has not been increasing as fast as the wholesale price. 
   
  Operating Expenses  
   
 During the year ended June 30, 2016 our total operating expenses were $282,234, increased as compared to $255,804 for the year ended June 30, 2015.  The increase of selling, general and administrative expenses is due to the increase in professional fees for audit and consulting fees incurred in current fiscal year. 
   
  Net Loss  
   
 We had a net loss of $267,360 for the year ended June 30, 2016, compared to a net loss of $226,911 for the year ended June 30, 2015, an increase in net loss of $40,449. The increase in net loss is due to the decrease in our gross profit and the increase in our operating expenses. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
   
 The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

We had $29,310 in cash, current assets of $53,467, and current liabilities of $75,916 as of June 30, 2016. We had $13,773 in cash, current assets of $52,302, and current liabilities of $40,688 as of June 30, 2015. 
   
 During the year ended June 30, 2016 we used net cash of $217,760, in operating activities, as compared to net cash used of $250,793 in operating activities during the year ended June 30, 2015. The decrease in net cash used in the operating activities was mainly due to the increase in our operating expenses and increase in our accrued expenses. 
   
 During the year ended June 30, 2016 we received net cash of $233,297 in financing activities, as compared to net cash received of $261,001 in financing activities during the year ended June 30, 2015, mainly due to the cash that we received from the sales of our common shares and cash contribution from our sole director and officer Mr. Jiayue Zhang. 
   
 Our net cash increased by $15,537 during the year ended June 30, 2016, compared to net cash increase of $10,212 during the year ended June 30, 2015. The increase in cash was mainly due to the cash that we received from the sales of our common shares and additional capital contributions from our sole director and officer Mr. Jiayue Zhang. 
   
 The Company estimates the need for approximately $200,000 of additional funding during the next 12 months to expand its operations as planned. We plan to raise additional funds through equity financing from a major shareholder but there is no assurance that we will be successful in completing any such financings. If no additional financing is raised, we plan to obtain shareholder loans to meet our cash requirements. However, there is no assurance that any such financing will be available or if available, on terms that will be acceptable to us. We may not raise sufficient funds to fully carry out our business plan. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
   
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
   
 As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

11 

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 
 Balance Sheets 
     
 Statements of Operations  
   
 Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Equity (Deficit) 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

12 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

The Board of Directors and Stockholders of  
 Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. 
   
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholder s equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended June 30, 2016.  Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. s management is responsible for these financial statements.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
   
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
   
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended June 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
   
 The accompanying financial statements as of and for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern.  As more fully described in Note 7 to the financial statements, the Company has no significant operations or assets and is dependent upon its major stockholder to provide sufficient working capital to maintain the integrity of the corporate entity.  These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 7.  The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

/s/ Wei, Wei   Co., LLP 
 Wei, Wei,   Co., LLP 
 Flushing, New York 
 October 13, 2016 

13 

TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS, INC.  
  BALANCE SHEETS (IN U.S. $)  
  JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

14 

TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS, INC.  
  STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (IN U.S. $)  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

16 

TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS, INC.  
  STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (IN U.S. $)  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

17 

TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS, INC.  
  STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (IN U.S. $)  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

See accompanying notes to financial statements.                                                   

18 

TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS, INC.  
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (IN U.S. $)  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

1.  
  ORGANIZATION  
   
 Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. (formerly Little Neck Health Connection, Inc.) (the  Company ) is a New York Corporation organized on January 2, 2002.  The Company is a specialty retailer, located in Little Neck, New York, selling vitamins, minerals, herbs, supplements, sports nutrition items and other health and wellness products. 
   
 On August 5, 2014, the sole stockholder (the  Seller ) of the Company entered into an Agreement with an outside individual (the  Buyer ) pursuant to which he sold all of the Company s outstanding common stock for $105,000.   
   
 On September 22, 2014, the Company filed an amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation to change its name to Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. and increase the number of authorized shares to 1,500,000,000, with par value $0.00001 per share.  The Company issued 80,000,000 shares at $0.001 per share on September 30, 2014, and issued 1,500,000 shares at $0.001 per share in October 2014. 
   
 On September 10, 2015, Mr. Jiayue Zhang, the sole officer and director and the largest shareholder of the Company, transferred his 41,619,800 shares of common stock of the Company which represents 51.07% of the total issued and outstanding shares of the Company, to Shanxi Taxus Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd, a Chinese limited liability company ( Shanxi Taxus ). Mr. Zhang is also the general manager, director and controlling equity owner of Shanxi Taxus. Therefore, upon the completion of the share transfer, Mr. Zhang is still the beneficial owner of the 41,619,800 shares of common stock of the Company. 

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
   
        Basis of Accounting and Presentation    
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting.  
   
  Cash and Cash Equivalents  
   
 The Company considers all liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible into cash, to be cash equivalents.   

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)  
   
  Revenue Recognition  
   
  The Company s revenues are primarily derived from the sale of vitamins, minerals, herbs, supplements, sports nutrition items and other health and wellness products. Revenue recognition policies comply with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 605,    Revenue Recognition   , when persuasive evidence of arrangement exists, delivery of services has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  
   
  Concentration of Credit Risk  

19 

The Company maintains its cash accounts at a commercial bank.  The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) covers up to $250,000 per bank for substantially all depository accounts.  At June 30, 2016, the Company did not have cash balances which were in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. 
   
  Net Earnings (Loss) Per Share  
   
 The Company computes net income (loss) per common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share  ( ASC 260 ).  Under the provisions of ASC 260, basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, plus common stock equivalents, if dilutive, resulting from convertible preferred stock, stock options and warrants.  During the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no common stock equivalents outstanding. 

Income Taxes  
   
 The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Section 740,  Income Taxes , which requires the recognition of deferred income taxes for differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial statement and income tax purposes.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax consequences for those differences, which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled.  Deferred tax assets are also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income.  A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 
   
 The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with ASC Section 740-10, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.  The guidance also prescribes direction on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties in financial statements and related disclosures. The Company classifies interest expense and any related penalties related to income tax uncertainties as a component of income tax expense.  No interest or penalties have been recognized as of June 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
 Management has evaluated and concluded that there were no material uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company s financial statements as of June 30, 2016.  The Company does not expect any significant changes in unrecognized tax benefits within twelve months of the reporting date. 
   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
   
 FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurement , specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based upon whether the inputs to those valuation techniques reflect assumptions other market participants would use based upon market data obtained from independent sources (observable inputs).  In accordance with ASC 820, the following summarizes the fair value hierarchy: 
   
 Level 1 Inputs   Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets and liabilities in an active market that the Company has the ability to access. 
   
 Level 2 Inputs   Inputs other than the quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly. 
   
 Level 3 Inputs   Inputs based on prices or valuation techniques that are both unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurements. 

20 

TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS, INC.  
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (IN U.S. $)  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

2.  
  ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)  
   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)  
   
 FASB ASC 820 requires the use of observable market data, when available, in making fair value measurements.  When inputs used to measure fair value fall within different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the fair value measurement is categorized is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurements.  Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.   
   
 The Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented at fair value on a recurring basis.  The carrying value of non-derivative financial instruments including cash, inventory, and accounts payable and accrued expenses approximated their fair values due to their short term nature.  
   
  Use of Estimates  
   
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
  Inventory  
   
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using a weighted average method which approximates the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ).  The Company marks down its inventory for estimated unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated net realizable value based on assumptions about the age of the inventory, future demand and market conditions.  If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory markdown may be required.  There were no inventory markdowns for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
  Property and Equipment  
   
 Property and equipment are stated at cost.  The cost of property and equipment was depreciated over their estimated useful lives.  Depreciation was computed on the straight-line method for both financial reporting and income tax purposes.  The estimated useful life for furniture and fixtures was three years.  All assets were fully depreciated as of June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

21 

TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS, INC.  
  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (IN U.S. $)  
  FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2016 AND 2015  

3.  
  RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  
   
 In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements. 
   
 In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU 2015-17- Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. This ASU addressed the simplification of the presentation of deferred income taxes. The amendments require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. The amendments apply to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position. The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Earlier application is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. 
   
 In March 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU 2015-03   Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30). This ASU addressed the simplification of debt issuance costs presentation by presenting them in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums. This accounting standard update is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

4.    ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES  
   
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of the following: 

5.    COMMITMENTS  
   
 The Company leases retail space from an unrelated third party under a non-cancelable operating lease, which expires on August 30, 2024.  Future minimum rental payments under the lease subsequent to June 30, 2016 are as follows:  

Total rent expense charged to operations was $42,976 and $41,724 for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

6.    INCOME TAX  
   
 The provision (benefit) for income taxes consisted of the following for the years ended June 30: 

The following table reconciles the effective income tax rates with the statutory rates for the years ended June 30: 

6.    INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)  
   
 Deferred tax assets (liabilities) are comprised of the following:    

At June 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $586,000 of Federal net operating carryforward losses that may be available to offset future taxable income. The net operating loss carryforwards, if not utilized, will expire through 2036. The amount and availability of prior net operating loss carry-forwards may be subject to limitations set forth by the Internal Revenue Code.   
   
 The Company assesses the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be realized. To the extent that realization is not likely, a valuation allowance is established. Management believes that it is more likely than not that future benefits of deferred tax asset will not be realized principally due to its continuing operating losses and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. 

7.   GOING CONCERN  
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of American which contemplates the continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has incurred net (losses) of approximately ($267,360) and ($226,911) during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The recurring losses have resulted in an accumulated deficit of ($586,378) and stockholders  deficit of ($11,961) at June 30, 2016, respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  
   
 While management is attempting to execute its strategy, the Company does not have the cash to support the Company s daily operations and requires significant additional capital contributions from one of its major shareholders.  While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to increase sales volume and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing, further implement its business plan and to eventually generate sufficient revenues and net income to meet its obligations.  The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
   
 During the next 12 months, the Company plans to: 

24 

(1) 
  Raise additional funds through equity financing. 
         
 (2) 
  Renovate the store space to enhance its appearance and attractiveness to customers. 
         
 (3)  Hire a professional store manager to improve store operations. 
   
 (4) 
  Obtain market research to improve product offerings that meet consumer demand. 
         
 (5)  Create a marketing program to drive and increase traffic to the store. 

9.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
   
 The Company s management has performed subsequent events procedures through October 13, 2016, which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. There were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to the financial statements or disclosures as stated herein. 

25 

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
   
 We have not had any disagreements with, or changes in, our independent accounting firm during the year ended June 30, 2016. 
   
  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  
   
      Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting    
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our sole director and officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ).  Based on the evaluation performed, our management concluded that during the period covered by this report, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective based on those criteria and due to the deficiency described below. 

The material weaknesses in our disclosure control procedures are as follows:  lack of formal policies and procedures necessary to adequately review significant accounting transactions.  The Company utilizes a third party independent contractor for the preparation of its financial statements. Although the financial statements and footnotes are reviewed by our management, we do not have a formal policy to review significant accounting transactions and the accounting treatment of such transactions. The third party independent contractor is not involved in the day to day operations of the Company and may not be provided information from management on a timely basis to allow for adequate reporting/consideration of certain transactions. 
   
 We intend to initiate measures to remediate the identified material weaknesses including, but not necessarily limited to, the following: Establishing a formal review process of significant accounting transactions that includes participation of the our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and the Company s corporate legal counsel 
   
    Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    
   
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer has concluded, based on his evaluation as of June 30, 2016, that the design and operation of our  disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act )) were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is accumulated, recorded, processed, summarized and reported to the management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding whether or not disclosure is required due to the deficiency described above. 
   
   Changes in internal control over financial reporting   
   
 During the annual period covered by this report, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. However, our management is currently seeking resolutions to improve our controls and procedures in an effort to remediate the deficiency described above. 

Item 9B.  Other Information  
   
 None. 

26 

PART III  
   
  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  

The following sets forth information regarding our sole director and executive officer of the Company. 

Jiayue Zhang, age 58, graduated from Shanxi Province Chinese Herbs and Medicine School in 1985. From February 1975 to December 1976, he worked in Shanxi Yuci Steel Plant as an assistant general manager in charge of the plant s administrative affairs; from January 1977 to December 1979, he served as officer in the People s Liberation Army of China; from January 1980 to July 1982, he served a deputy general manager in sales   marketing at Shanxi Province Medicine and Pharmaceutical Company, Yuci Branch; from August 1982 to August 1985, he served as administrative staff in charge of general administrations at Shanxi Chinese Medicine School; from September 1985 to April 1992, he served as the Director of Operation at Yuci Pharmaceutical Plant; from May 1992 to July 1993, he served as the Managing Director of Shanxi Medicine and Pharmaceutical Institute Research Pharmaceutical Plant; from August 1993 to July 2000, he served as Chairman of Board and General Manager of Shanxi Zanhua Pharmaceutical Company; from August 2000 to present, he served as the chairman of board of Shanxi Hongshan Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.  Mr. Zhang has over 32 years  management, sale and marketing experience in China s pharmaceutical industry.  
   
 Currently we do not have any employment agreement with Mr. Jiayue Zhang. 
   
 Currently we hired Kathy Chow, a full time consultant on an independent contract basis, to manage the store.   
 Kathy Chow, age 44. In the past five years, from January 2009 to June 2012, she worked at JP Morgan Chase s branch office in Brooklyn, New York as a business associate who handled office secretarial work, drafted business documents and communicated with customers. From July 2012 to August 2014, she worked at a deli cafe in Queens, New York, as a store manager and was in charge of the daily operations of the store and maintained customer relationship.  

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  
   
 To the knowledge of us, no executive officer or director has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: 
   
 Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business or property of such person, or of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 
   
 Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

27 

Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 
   
 Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 
   
 Being the subject of or a party to any judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, or any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail, fraud, wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 
   
 Being the subject of or a party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act, any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board Meetings; Board Committees and Director Independence  
   
 The board of directors held no formal meetings during the most recently completed fiscal year.  All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by the majority of the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors.  Such resolutions consented to in writing by the majority of the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the corporate laws of the State of New York and our By-laws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. 
   
 As of this date, Company s board of directors has not appointed a nominating committee, audit committee or compensation committee, or committees performing similar functions nor does it have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter.  The board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors.  Further, Company is not required to have an audit, compensation or nominating committee.  Accordingly, Company does not have an  audit committee financial expert  as such term is defined in the rules promulgated under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.  The functions ordinarily handled by these committees are currently handled by the entire board of directors.  The board of directors intends, however, to review the governance structure and institute board committees as necessary and advisable in the future, to facilitate the management of Company s business. 
   
 We are not currently subject to any law, rule or regulation, however, requiring that all or any portion of our board of directors include  independent  directors. 
   
 We do not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors.   We do not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees.  Our board of directors assesses all candidates, whether submitted by management or stockholders, and makes recommendations for election or appointment. 
   
 We intend to appoint such persons and form such committees as are required to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by a U.S. national securities exchange.  Therefore, we intend that a majority of  

28 

our directors eventually will be independent directors and at least one of our new independent directors will qualify as an  audit committee financial expert.   Additionally, we will adopt charters relative to each such committee. 
   
 A stockholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our Chief Executive Officer at the address appearing on the face page of this Prospectus.  We do not have a policy regarding the attendance of board members at the annual meeting of stockholders. 
   
 Currently we do not have any director who is considered  independent  as the term is used in Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act.  We are not currently subject to any law, rule or regulation, however, requiring that all or any portion of our board of directors include  independent  directors. 
   
  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance  
   
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock, to file reports regarding ownership of, and transactions in, our securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide us with copies of those filings.  Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that during the year ended June 30, 2016, all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10% percent beneficial owners were complied with, though some were filed late. 

29 

Item 11.  Executive Compensation  
   
 The Summary Compensation Table shows certain compensation information for services rendered in all capacities for the fiscal periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2014. Other than as set forth herein, no executive officer s salary and bonus exceeded $100,000 in any of the applicable years. The following information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards, the number of stock options granted and certain other compensation, if any, whether paid or deferred. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End   
   
 None 
   
  Stock Option and Awards Plan  
   
 None 
   
  Director Compensation  
    
  We do not pay director compensation for services as director.  

30 

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
   
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of Company common shares owned beneficially by: each person known or believed by us to own, directly or beneficially, more than 5% of our common stock, our director, and all of our officer and director as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the common shares shown.   

(a)  
 Pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, a person has beneficial ownership of any securities as to which such person, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, undertaking, relationship or otherwise has or shares voting power and/or investment power or as to which such person has the right to acquire such voting and/or investment power within 60 days. 
 (b)  
 Calculated based on 81,500,200 Shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of October 13, 2016. Unless otherwise stated, each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of the shares.  
 (c) 
 Mr. Jiayue Zhang is the general manager, director and controlling equity owner of Shanxi Taxus. Therefore upon the completion of the share transfer, Mr. Jiayue Zhang is still the beneficial owner of   the 25,169,800shares of common stock of the Company. 

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
   
 Currently, our primary source of outside funding is the support from our officer and shareholder Jiayue Zhang. Jiayue Zhang has entered into an agreement on September 1, 2014, in which he agreed to provide funds to support the Company s operations for the next two years from September 1, 2014 to September 1, 2016. Jiayue Zhang has agreed to continue to provide funds to support the Company s operations after September 1, 2016. 
   
  Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Parties  
   
 We did not have any policies or procedures in place with respect to the review and approval or ratification of the related party transactions that have been described.  We believe that all transactions with related parties were on terms no less favorable than could have been obtained from third parties. 

Item 14.  Principal Accountants Fees and Services  
   
 The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 and for fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 for professional services rendered by Wei, Wei   Co., LLP for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. 
   
 Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors  independence. 

32 

PART IV  
   
  Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  

Exhibit No.  
   
         Description  

3.1 
        Articles of Incorporation and Amendments* 
  
   3.2  
        Bylaws* 
  
   5.1 
        Legal Opinion by Bernard   Yam, LLP 
  
   23.1 
        Auditor Consent by Wei, Wei   Co, LLP 
  
   10.1 
        Lease Agreement** 
  
   10.2 
        Consulting Agreement with Kathy Chow** 
  
   10.3 
        Agreement with Mr. Jiayue Zhang regarding continuing support** 
  
   31.1 
        Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  
   31.2 
        Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  
   32.1 
         Certification of the Company's Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350 Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  
    32.2 
        Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350 Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  
    101 
        The following materials from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

*Incorporated by reference to the Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on November 26, 2014. 
 **Incorporated by reference to the Amendment No.2 to the Form S-1 Registration Statement filed on January 30, 2015. 

SIGNATURES  
   
 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc  
 (Registrant) 

October 13, 2016 
     /s/ Jiayue Zhang   

Jiayue Zhang 

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

34 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex311.htm
 EX 31

Converted by EDGARwiz 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
  I, Jiayue Zhang, certify that:  
     
 1.                   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc; 
     
  2.                   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.                   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.                   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a. 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.                   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a. 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2016 

/s/ Jiayue Zhang 

Jiayue Zhang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex312.htm
 EX 31

Converted by EDGARwiz 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
  I, Jiayue Zhang, certify that:  
     
 1.                   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc; 
     
  2.                   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.                   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.                   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a. 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.                   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a. 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2016 

/s/ Jiayue Zhang 

Jiayue Zhang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex322.htm
 EX 32

Converted by EDGARwiz 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc (the  Company ) for the year ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Jiayue Zhang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(1) 
   the Report fully complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
   all information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this certification is being furnished and is not deemed filed.  
     
  Date: October 13, 2016  

/s/ Jiayue Zhang 

Jiayue Zhang 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex321.htm
 EX 32

Converted by EDGARwiz 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc (the  Company ) for the year ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Jiayue Zhang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(1) 
   the Report fully complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
   all information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this certification is being furnished and is not deemed filed.  
     
  Date: October 13, 2016  

/s/ Jiayue Zhang 

Jiayue Zhang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

