<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161020_10-Q_edgar_data_1670538_0001144204-16-128788_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>156270</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>40381</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>99976</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>17</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-128788.hdr.sgml : 20161020
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161020171200
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-128788
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161020
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161020

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MON SPACE NET INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001670538
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-210519
		FILM NUMBER:		161944860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100.3.041, 129 OFFICES
		STREET 2:		BLOCK J, JAYA ONE
		CITY:			PETALING JAYA
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			46200
		BUSINESS PHONE:		60123911706

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100.3.041, 129 OFFICES
		STREET 2:		BLOCK J, JAYA ONE
		CITY:			PETALING JAYA
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			46200

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-128788.txt : 20161020

10-Q
 1
 v450764_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on October 20, 2016  

Registration
No. 333-210519  

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x   
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from ______________
to ______________  

Commission File Number: 333-210519  

MON SPACE NET INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its Charter) 

Nevada   
       
       7370   
       
       81-2629386    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction  
       
      (Primary Standard Industrial  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      of incorporation or organization)  
       
      Classification Code Number)  
       
      Identification Number)   

100.3.041, 129 Offices,   

   Block J, Jaya One,   

   No. 72A, Jalan Universiti,   

   Section 13, 46200   

   Petaling Jaya, Malaysia    

   +60322820888   

 (Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, 

 Including area code, of registrant s
principal executive offices) 

VCorp Services, LLC   

   c/o Mon Space Net Inc.    

   1645 Village Center Circle, Suite
170   

   Las Vegas, Nevada 89134   

   (707) 525-9900   

 (Name, address, including zip code, and
telephone number, 

 Including area code, of agent for service) 

Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public: from time to time after this registration statement becomes effective. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes          No        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes        No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act 

Large accelerated filer    

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer    
         
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes          No       

Indicate the number of shares outstanding
of each of the issuer s classes of common equity: 213,330,000 shares of the registrant s common stock, par value of
$0.001 per share, were outstanding as of October 20, 2016. 

Mon Space Net Inc.  

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  

For the period ended September 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PAGE     

PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
      2   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      3   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      7   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      7   

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      7   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      7   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      8   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      8   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      8   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      8   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      8   

SIGNATURES   
      8   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements.    

The following unaudited interim financial
statements of Mon Space Net Inc. (referred to herein as the  Company,   we,   us  or  our )
are included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q: 

Mon Space Net Inc. 

 Index to the Financial Statements 

MON SPACE NET INC.  

  BALANCE SHEETS  

  As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements.  

MON SPACE NET INC.  

  STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  

  For the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

MON SPACE NET INC.  

  STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  

  For the Nine Months ended September 30,
2016  

  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

MON SPACE NET INC  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 1   NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

The Company  

Mon Space Net Inc (the  Company ) was incorporated
in the State of Nevada on December 31, 2015. The Company plans to offer an online marketplace to sell products and services using
a business to business to consumer model. The Company s operations to date have been limited to the issuances of 5,000,000
common shares to its founders on December 31, 2015. 

Basis of Presentation  

The financial statements and accompanying notes to financial
statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP )
in all material respects. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Cash and cash equivalents include cash
on hand and on deposit at banking institutions. The Company has $409,767 cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016. 

Stock-based Compensation  

The Company estimates the fair value of each stock-based compensation
award at the grant date by using Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model. The fair value determined represents the cost of the award
and is recognized over the vesting period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award. As
stock-based compensation expense is recognized based on awards ultimately expected to vest. Excess tax benefits, if any, are recognized
as additional paid in capital. 

Income Taxes  

An asset and liability approach is used for financial accounting
and reporting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the
years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Valuation allowances are established when it
is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. As of September 30, 2016, there were
no deferred taxes due to the uncertainty of the realization of net operating loss or carry forward prior to expiration.  

MON SPACE NET INC  

  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Earnings (Loss) Per Common Share  

Basic earnings (loss) per common share excludes dilution and
is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
earnings (loss) per common share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common
stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the net income
of the entity. As of September 30, 2016, there are no outstanding dilutive securities. 

Subsequent Events  

The Company has evaluated all transactions through the financial
statement issuance date for subsequent event disclosure consideration. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

Management does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting
pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flow. 

NOTE 2   GOING CONCERN  

The Company has not yet generated any revenue since inception
to date and has no operating income or losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The Company's continuation as a
going concern is dependent on its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations and/or obtaining
additional financing from its members or other sources, as may be required. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the above condition raises substantial doubt about the Company's ability
to do so. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability
and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

In order to maintain its current level of operations, the Company
will require additional working capital from either cash flow from operations or from the sale of its equity. However, the Company
currently has no commitments from any third parties for the purchase of its equity. If the Company is unable to acquire additional
working capital, it will be required to significantly reduce its current level of operations. 

NOTE 3   EQUITY     

The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of common
stock. 

On December 31, 2015, the Company issued 5,000,000 shares of
its common stock to two founders of the Company. These shares are recorded at their par value of $5,000 as stock-based compensation
to the individuals. 

On February 23, 2016, the Company sold 208,330,000 shares for
$208,330. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has received the entire $208,330. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company received $18,592 capital contributions from Low Koon Poh. 

NOTE 4   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION  

The Company received advances from Lai Chai Suang, our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, in the amount of $201,476, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This
loan is interest free and due on demand. 

NOTE 5   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through October
13, 2016, which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued. 

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

The information
set forth in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of  Operations ( MD A )
contains certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including,
among others (i) expected changes in our revenue and profitability, (ii) prospective business opportunities and (iii) our strategy
for financing our business. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical information or statements of current
condition. Some forward-looking statements may be identified by use of terms such as  believes ,  anticipates ,
 intends  or  expects . These forward-looking statements relate to our plans, liquidity, ability to complete
financing and purchase capital expenditures, growth of our business including entering into future agreements with companies, and
plans to successfully develop and obtain approval to market our product. We have based these forward-looking statements largely
on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy and financial needs.  

Although we
believe that our expectations with respect to the forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions within the bounds
of our knowledge of our business and operations, in light of the risks and uncertainties inherent in all future projections, the
inclusion of forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report should not be regarded as a representation by us or
any other person that our objectives or plans will be achieved.  

We assume no
obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in factors or assumptions affecting
forward-looking statements.  

Our revenues and results of operations
could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including, but
not limited to, the following: the risk of significant natural disaster, the inability of our company to insure against certain
risks, inflationary and deflationary conditions and cycles, currency exchange rates, and changing government regulations domestically
and internationally affecting our products and businesses.  

You should
read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes attached hereto, and the other
financial data appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.  

US Dollars
are denoted herein by  USD ,  $  and  dollars .  

Business Overview  

Incorporated on December 31, 2015 under
the laws of the State of Nevada, Mon Space Net Inc. ( Mon Space ) plans to build an online marketplace that will be
created to sell product and services to its members using a business to business to consumer model (B2B2C). With respect to our
business, we plan to build an online platform that allows the users to be  merchants  as well as  shopper 
at the same time. Through the features, products and services offered in our platform, the platform is expected to create interaction
among the users and encourage them to promote and advertise their products on our platform. In the meantime, the users could purchase
products and services from other users who sell such products and services at a discounted price. Our platform, when completed,
will also be designed and built to encourage users to return and refer new users. It is our objective to develop a large base of
users so that the merchant users on our platform could offer their products and services at a discount that is not available through
any other channels and our shopper users will choose our platform as their primary destination for purchasing products and services.
We have not generated any revenues to date. We do not currently engage in any business activities that provide cash flow. Our cash
at hand is limited to the investments we raised during our initial round of financing as well as an initial contribution from our
president, less our expenses to date. Despite of our plan, we currently have no commitments for any financing and cannot provide
assurance that we will realize this goal. 

In February 2016, we closed a Regulation
S offering in which thirty-seven (37) investors subscribed to the aggregate purchase of 208,330,000 shares of Common Stock, at
a purchase price of $0.001 per share for an aggregate offering price of $208,330. In February 2016, we received $8,330 for 8,330,000
shares that were issued in February 2016. In August 2016, we received the remaining $200,000 and issued the remaining 200,000,000
shares. 

Plan of Operations  

Our goal is to maintain the quality of
our product and to obtain the resources sufficient to obtain new members and merchandisers. 

During the next three months, the new management
will launch the online platform called  Mon Space Mall . We plan to seek professional personnel and talent to build
an experienced management team, with one manager for each department consisting of product development, sales and marketing. 
We have recruited some operational staff to join us once the office is set up.  These talents are currently working with other
similar online marketplace and e-commerce portals. In addition, we plan to hire marketing and customer service staff, whose primary
responsibilities will be identifying and providing assistance to our merchants and members.  These personnel needs can be
met from the available local labor force.  Estimated funds required for this quarter is $15,000. 

In the next three months thereafter, we
plan to expand our merchants and product base and increase membership through aggressive referral campaigns by the then-existing
members. We also plan to set up warehouse and logistic systems for orders, distribution and packaging, as well as hiring necessary
warehouse and logistic staff.  Estimated funds required for this quarter is $40,000. 

During the fourth quarter, it is our goal
to create our own brand merchandises such for items such as apparels, gift products and other promotional items. We expect to have
designated manufacturers ready to provide such services, mainly in China, Vietnam and Malaysia.  In order to maintain the
quality and standard of the design of our products, we plan to hire our own internal design staff.  Estimated funds required
for this quarter is $60,000. 

By the end of the first fiscal year, it
is our goal to set up offices in countries such as China, Indonesia, Vietnam and Thailand for sourcing more merchants. We also
plan to engage in marketing activities in various local markets to bring in more awareness of our online platform and the  Mon
Space Mall . Our goal is to obtain as many members as possible so that we could use our members  collective bargaining
power to negotiate the lowest price with the merchants for their products.  Estimated funds required for this quarter
is $60,000.  However, should there be more funds available by then, our company may expand at a faster rate. 

If we are unable to build a sustainable
customer base through our marketing channels, we will cease our development and/or marketing operations until we raise money. Attempting
to raise capital after failing in any phase of our development plan could be difficult. As such, if we cannot secure additional
proceeds we will have to cease operations and investors would lose their entire investment. We intend to raise additional capital
through private placements once we gain a quotation on the OTCQB, for which there is no assurance. If we need additional cash but
are unable to raise it, we will either suspend marketing operations until we do raise the cash, or cease operations entirely. Other
than as described in this paragraph, we have no other financing plans.  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

While our significant accounting policies
are more fully described in Note 2 to our financial statements, we believe that the following accounting policies are the most
critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this management discussion and analysis. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . ASU 2014-09 is
a comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under current
U.S. GAAP and replace it with a principle based approach for determining revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 will require that companies
recognize revenue based on the value of transferred goods or services as they occur in the contract. The ASU also will require
additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract.
ASU 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted only in
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods therein. Entities will be able to transition
to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. The Company is in the process
of evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 on the Company s financial statements and disclosures. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-12,  Compensation   Stock Compensation . The pronouncement was issued to clarify the accounting
for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service
period. The pronouncement is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2014-12 will
not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ,
which provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. ASU 2014-15
requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year of the date the financial statements are issued.  An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events
raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.  ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual
periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact the adoption of ASU 2014-15 on the Company s financial statements and disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-02,  Leases . ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding
lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition
approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is in the process
of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on the Company s financial statements and disclosures.  

Results of Operations  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016    

We did not generate any revenue for the
three months ended September 30, 2016. We incurred operating expenses of $3,039 for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
consists of primarily professional fees. As a result, we had a net loss of $3,039 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    

We did not generate any revenue for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. We incurred operating expenses of $21,256 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, consists
of primarily professional fees. As a result, we had a net loss of $21,256 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30, 2016, we had total
assets of $409,767. We had $204,101 in total liabilities as of September 30, 2016. Thus, we had a total stockholders  equity
of $205,666 as of September 30, 2016. Our cash and cash equivalent balance as of September 30, 2016 was $409,767. 

Operating activities used $18,631 in cash
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Financing activities during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 provided $428,398, primarily due to a loan advancement of $201,476 from our Chief Executive Officer Lai
Chai Suang and $208,330 from proceeds from the sale of common stock. 

We have generated no revenues since inception.
We currently have no material commitments for capital expenditures. We may be required to raise additional funds, particularly
if we are unable to continue generating positive cash flow as a result of our operations. We estimate that based on current plans
and assumptions, that our available cash will be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements under our present operating expectations,
without further financing, for up to 12 months. In addition, our company may, from time to time, receive continued funding and
capital resources from related parties. However, as of the date of this registration statement, such related parties do not have
any existing obligation to advance funds or working capital to support our business, nor can our company rely on any advance funds
from such related parties. Other than working capital, we presently have no other alternative source of working capital. We may
not have sufficient working capital to fund the expansion of our operations and to provide working capital necessary for our ongoing
operations and obligations. We may need to raise significant additional capital to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations,
and grow our company. We do not anticipate we will be profitable in 2016. Therefore our future operations may be dependent on our
ability to secure additional financing. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining
credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. However, a downturn in the U.S. equity and debt markets could make it more difficult
to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible
that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect amounts owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements
that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders
may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing
holders of our Common Stock. The inability to obtain additional capital will restrict our ability to grow and may reduce our ability
to continue to conduct business operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we will likely be required to curtail
our marketing and development plans and possibly cease our operations.  

We anticipate that depending on market
conditions and our plan of operations, we may incur operating losses in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our auditors have raised
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our liquidity may be negatively impacted
by the significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate
governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities
and Exchange Commission. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial
compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. 

Going Concern   

Our financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of
business. The financial statements do not include any adjustment relating to recoverability and classification of recorded amounts
of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should our company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

As reflected in the financial statements,
we have not yet generated any revenue since inception to date and have no operating income during the nine months ended September
30, 2016.. These factors raise substantial doubt from our auditor about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our continued
existence is dependent upon our ability to continue to execute our operating plan and to obtain additional debt or equity financing.
There can be no assurance the necessary debt or equity financing will be available, or will be available on terms acceptable to
our company. 

We are attempting to generate sufficient
revenue; however, our cash position may not be sufficient to support our daily operations. While we believe in the viability of
our strategy to generate sufficient revenues and in our ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect.
The ability of our company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to further implement our business plan,
generate sufficient revenue and in our ability to raise additional funds. 

Contractual Obligations  

We do not have any contractual obligations
at this time. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangement  

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangement.  

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

Not applicable because we are a smaller reporting company.  

Item 4.   

Controls and Procedures.    

Disclosure controls and procedures  

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ), the Company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Company s
management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO )
(the Company s principal financial and accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based
upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are
not effective as of September 30, 2016 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the
Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management,
including the Company s CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure for the reason
described below. 

Because of our limited operations, we have
limited number of employees which prohibits a segregation of duties. In addition, we lack a formal audit committee with a financial
expert. As we grow and expand our operations we will engage additional employees and experts as needed. However, there can be no
assurance that our operations will expand. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings.    

There are no other actions, suits, proceedings,
inquiries or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending
or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company,
our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries  officers or directors in their capacities
as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors.    

Not required because we are a smaller reporting company.  

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

There were no unregistered sales of the
Company s equity securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, that were not otherwise disclosed in a Current
Report on Form 8-K.  

Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

There has been no default in the payment
of principal, interest, sinking or purchase fund installment, or any other material default, with respect to any indebtedness of
the Company.  

Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures.    

Not applicable. 

Item 5.   
       Other Information.    

There is no other information required to be disclosed under
this item which was not previously disclosed.  

Item 6.    Exhibits.  

Exhibit   
  Number   
       
       Description    

31.1  
       
      Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1+  
       
      Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.2+  
       
      Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

+ In accordance with the SEC Release 33-8238, deemed being furnished
and not filed.  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Mon Space Net Inc.    

Date: October 20, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Lai Chuai Suang    

Lai Chuai Suang   

President, Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v450764_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Lai Chuai Suang, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Mon Space Net Inc.:   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: October 20, 2016 

/s/ Lai Chuai Suang    

Lai Chuai Suang 
         Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
        (Principal Executive Officer and  
        Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 v450764_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Mon Space Net Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), Lai Chuai Suang, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  
      The Quarterly Report, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

By:  
      /s/  Lai Chuai Suang   

Lai Chuai Suang  

Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer) 
           
         Dated: October 20, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 4
 v450764_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906  

  OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Mon Space Net Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Quarterly Report ), Lai Chuai Suang, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  
      The Quarterly Report, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

By:  
      /s/  Lai Chuai Suang   

Lai Chuai Suang  

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Accounting Officer) 
           
         Dated: October 20, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

