<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161116_10-K_edgar_data_1016546_0001437749-16-042208_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11361720</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1239405</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>588487</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8610816</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>218</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>45</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-16-042208.hdr.sgml : 20161116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161115214124
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-16-042208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161115

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001016546
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		IRS NUMBER:				331084375
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			Z4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12497
		FILM NUMBER:		162001233

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		204 EDISON WAY
		STREET 2:		N/A
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(775) 858-3744

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		204 EDISON WAY
		STREET 2:		N/A
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970529

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL GOLD INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960611

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-16-042208.txt : 20161116

10-K
 1
 alti20160922_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
   alti20160922_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549  
     
   FORM 10-K   

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC.    
     
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None  
     
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value $.001 per share  
     
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  
  Yes [  ]  No [X]  
     
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.  
  Yes [  ]  No [X]  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
  Yes [ ]  No [X]  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  Yes []  No [X]  
     
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large Accelerated Filer   
 
  [  ]   

Accelerated Filer   
 
  [  ]    

Non-accelerated Filer   
 
  [  ]   
 
  (Do not check if smaller reporting company)   
 
  Smaller Reporting Company   
 
  [X]     
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  
  Yes [  ]  No [X]  

1

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, as of the last business day of the quarter ended June 30, 2013, 2014 and 2015, was approximately $12.0 million, $18.6 million and $4.9 million.  
     
  As of November 15, 2016, there were 11,606,735 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, outstanding.  

2

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC.   
     
   FORM 10-K    
     
   For The Year Ended December 31, 2015    
   INDEX   

Page     

PART I    

ITEM 1.   
 
  Business   
   5  

ITEM 1A.   
 
  Risk Factors    
   17  

ITEM 1B.   
 
  Unresolved Staff Comments   
   30  

ITEM 2.   
 
  Properties   
   30  

ITEM 3.   
 
  Legal Proceedings   
   30  

ITEM 4.   
 
  Mine Safety Disclosures   
   31  

PART II    

ITEM 5.   
 
  Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
   32  

ITEM 6.   
 
  Selected Financial Data   
   33  

ITEM 7.   
 
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
   33  

ITEM 7A.   
 
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
   66  

ITEM 8.   
 
  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
   67  

ITEM 9.   
 
  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
   149  

ITEM 9A.   
 
  Controls and Procedures   
   149  

ITEM 9B.   
 
  Other Information   
 150  

PART III    

ITEM 10.   
 
  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
   150  

ITEM 11.   
 
  Executive Compensation   
   157  

ITEM 12.   
 
  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
   166  

ITEM 13.   
 
  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   
   169  

ITEM 14.   
 
  Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
   171  

PART IV    

ITEM 15.   
 
  Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules   
 173   

3

Explanatory Note    
       
  Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. is filing this comprehensive Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, June 30, 2015 and 2014, and September 30, 2015 and 2014 (the  Comprehensive Report ) as part of its efforts to become current in its filing obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). The Comprehensive Report also includes audited annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2012 and unaudited quarterly financial statements for the periods ended March 31, 2013 and 2012, June 30, 2013 and 2012 as well as September 30, 2012, which has been previously filed.   
     
  This Comprehensive Report does not include financial statements as of, and for the period ending, September 30, 2013; due to the notice of non-reliance filed for the third quarter of 2013. Although we have regularly made filings through current reports on Form 8-K when deemed appropriate, this Comprehensive Report is our first periodic filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) since the filing of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.   

Note   A  bout Forward-Looking Statements    
     
   This Comprehensive Report contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they prove incorrect or never materialize, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in Item 1  Business  and Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  but may also appear in other areas of this Comprehensive Report. Such forward-looking statements include any expectation of earnings, revenues or other financial items; any statements regarding or assuming our ability to continue as a going concern; any statements regarding development of customer  s   in China or elsewhere; statements concerning our customers and diversification of our customer base; statements concerning new products or services; statements related to change of control transactions and how any transaction may affect our business or financial situation; statements related to future economic conditions or performance; statements as to industry trends; and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts or statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as  anticipate,   believe,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   will,  or  plan,  and similar expressions or variations. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those discussed under Part I, Item 1.A.  Risk Factors  in this Comprehensive Report, and such forward looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to such risk factors. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this   Comprehensive Report  . We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. New factors emerge from time to time, and their emergence is impossible for us to predict. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.   

PART I   

Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to  Altair,   we,   Altair Nanotechnologies Inc,  or the  Company  in this Report refer to Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. and all of its consolidated subsidiaries. Altair currently has one wholly owned subsidiary, Altair U.S. Holdings, Inc. Altair U.S. Holdings, Inc. directly or indirectly wholly owns Altairnano, Inc. Altairnano, Inc. directly wholly owns Altair Nanotechnologies (China) Co., Ltd., a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise ( WOFE ) in China ( Altair China ) and Altair China directly wholly owns Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd., a domestic company in China ( Northern Altair ).  
     
  We have registered the following trademarks: Altair Nanotechnologies Inc    and Altairnano   . Any other trademarks and service marks used in this Report are the property of their respective holders.  

4

ITEM 1: B  US  INESS   
     
  We are a Delaware corporation that develops, manufactures and sells nano lithium titanate materials, batteries and energy storage systems (referred to as  ESS  or by our brand name  ALTI-ESS ). Our nano lithium titanate battery systems offer higher power density, longer cycle life, rapid charge and discharge capabilities, a wider operating temperature range and higher levels of safety than conventional lithium-ion batteries. We target applications that effectively utilize the key attributes of our technology, and these applications can be found primarily in the electric grid, transportation (commercial vehicles), and industrial market segments.   
     
               Since 2012, we have focused on launching our operations in China. Starting in late 2016, we sell our products primarily from China, and all products originate from China. We formed Altair China in China, which in turn formed a wholly owned subsidiary, Northern Altair, to serve as our China-based operating entity. We rely on our key advantage in the market, our proprietary nano lithium titanate ( nLTO ). By increasing manufacturing output and selling nLTO material and battery modules made with our nLTO, we expect the Company s revenue to increase. In July 2013 we entered into a supply purchase agreement for two thousand tons of generation 2 nLTO with Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd. ( Hebei Yinlong ), an affiliate of the majority shareholder of the Company, and have delivered nLTO according to this agreement for the past few years.  
     
  In 2013, we transferred the production of our nLTO material to the New Energy Industrial Park in Wu an city, Hebei province, China. We built, installed and further improved the manufacturing of our nLTO. In 2013, a 150 metric ton per year manufacturing line was completed and put into production as our phase one nLTO production line. In the same year, to meet the high demand of Lithium batteries in the China market, we completed the business process of sourcing the equipment to be procured for the phase two nLTO production line, under the joint efforts of the Altair U.S. and Altair China teams. This nLTO line was put into production in fourth quarter of 2015 and has reached an annual production capacity of 2,250 metric tons during 2016, with an expected annual capacity of 3,000 metric tons  . We built a phase three nLTO production line and it was completed and installed in the fourth quarter of 2016 with an annual production capacity of 3,500 metric tons.  
     
  On January 6, 2013, Northern Altair entered into an agreement (the  2013 Wu an Agreement ) with Wu an Municipal People s Government ( Wu an ) with respect to the purchase and sale of 165 Electric Buses ( EV Buses ). In 2015, we delivered 28 EV Buses to the Wu an government.   
     
  In January 2014, our Board of Directors approved plans to consolidate all US manufacturing operations and transition manufacturing to Wu an, China. In the U.S., we are maintaining some of our core R D personnel, who provide technical transfer and services to our China entities in the areas of core R D, engineering operational capabilities and technologies that influence our manufacturing in Wu an, China. Effective in early 2016, the majority of our principal assets and operations are now located in China.   
     
  On May 13, 2014, Northern Altair and Handan City Public Transportation, a state owned enterprise, entered into an EV Bus sale agreement for 200 EV Buses equipped with high efficiency lithium batteries which have been manufactured with Altair s nLTO materials.   
     
  In 2014 and 2015, we delivered the contracted 200 EV Buses to Handan City Public Transportation. In 2014 and 2015, we have reported EV Buses income and costs in other income and expense for EV Buses sold to the China local governments.   
     
  In 2014, in order to further cut the cost of our products, improve product chain management efficiencies, and effectively serve the large market in China, we built two battery module production lines with a total capacity of approximately 6,000 modules per year. In the first quarter of 2016, we transferred the U.S. module production line to China. We are expecting the three battery module production lines to reach a total capacity of 9,000 modules per year during the fourth quarter of 2016.   
     
  We have completed the technology and production validation of our Gen 4 modules with China produced nLTO and China made module parts. The Gen 2 modules will still be available in 2016. Both Gen 2 and Gen 4 products have passed the United Nations ( UN ), International Standards Organization ( ISO ), SAE International ( SAE ) and International Electrochemical Commission ( IEC ) testing and reports are being generated by T V S D ( TUV ). TUV, a German based company, has a test facility in China and results are generally accepted by the UN and U.S. In December 2015, our battery module production line in the U.S. was discontinued. We were able to maintain a very stable period of time overlapping production while transferring the battery module production from the U.S. to China, without any impact on customer order delivery. Our battery modules have been generally used in EV Buses, trolley buses and hoisting equipment in the Europe and the U.S markets. Our OEM cell producer s capacity can reach 70,000 Altair format cells per year. Sometime in the near future, we expect to validate another OEM cell producer to reduce dependency on one supplier, which will provide competition between suppliers and reduce costs for Altair.   

5

We plan on building and validating ALTI-ESS (Energy Storage System) production capabilities in China and exporting them to Europe, the U.S. and to other countries of the world.   
     
  We now have a battery management system ( BMS ) distribution center in Europe to provide improved efficiency and timely delivery of our supply of the BMS units to our European customers. Our BMS supplier has a production base in China, which we believe will meet the demand of the China market.   
     
  By building manufacturing and assembly facilities in Wu an, China for our nLTO material, battery cells and modules, and soon our energy storage systems, we have centered the whole supply chain in China. In adopting this strategy, we expect to significantly reduce costs, shorten lead times, reduce cash flow pressures, improve the quality and production management efficiency and increase our profit.   

Primary Market Areas   
     
   China Market    
     
  In September 2014, management reviewed its operations and strategies and concluded the focus was to continue to maintain and promote the Power and Electric Group. The Company may explore the EV Bus industry.   
     
  We sell our nLTO to our affiliated company Hebei Yinlong, which uses our nLTO in their EV Buses, which we have purchased, and then sold, in 2014 and 2015 to the Wu an City and Handan City.   
     
  Meanwhile, in the electric grid market, Northern Altair won a bid for a nLTO battery module rack system designed specifically for a China State grid 2MW Solar-wind ESS demonstration project. Total value is approximately $2.4 million and this project represents our first bid won in the China grid market. The project is expected to be completed in 2016.China has announced their  Energy Saving and New Energy Auto Industry Development Plan (2012-2020)" issued in 2012 which provides: by 2020, China aims to achieve manufacturing capacity of pure electric car and plug-in hybrid car for 2 million sets, and the accumulative output and sale of these cars exceeds 5 million sets. The development of fuel cell car and automotive hydrogen energy industry will be in sync with the international society. China announced their  Energy Development Strategic Action Plan (2014-2020)  in 2014. By 2020, China aims to control its primary energy consumption under 4.8 billion tons standard coal to limit greenhouse gas emissions, increase the share of non-fossil fuels to at least 15% of primary energy consumption, natural gas to more than 10%, and restrict coal to beneath 62%. China is investing huge amounts of money to support new energy projects, aims to achieve installed wind power capacity of 0.2 billion KW, installed photovoltaic capacity of about 0.1 billion KW, and geothermal energy usage for 50 million tons standard coal by 2020. We plan to develop further our China market.  
     
   European Market   

EV Bus: Hybricon in Sweden, a Swedish public company, produces a high standard EV Bus incorporated with our nLTO battery modules. In their EV Buses, our modules operate in -30+ C winter environment in Sweden. In addition, there are some traditional EV Bus conversion companies also using our batteries.      

Trolley bus: We sell nLTO battery modules in three Middle Europe countries: Czech Republic, Slovakia and Poland. We provide nLTO battery modules to Skoda, Ekowa Electric and Solaris Bus   Coach S.A. Since 2014, our nLTO battery modules have been successfully operating in transportation vehicles, all produced by middle European producers: 6 Trolley buses in Castell  2 Trolley buses in Cagliari; 12 Trams in Konya; 1 Tram in Beijing; 1 tram and 1 pure EV Bus in Pearson; and 2 trolley buses in Zlin.     

Port container handling machine: Cargotec in Finland, is a subsidiary company of Kalmar the world leader of port handling solutions. Our batteries have been successfully used in their hybrid systems and machines, which are used in the development of their pure electric power systems. Cargotec signed long term purchase agreement with Altair in 2013, for a period of 3 years and thereafter for 1 year at a time under the terms and termination provisions of the agreement.      

6

The EU announced a  2020 Energy Strategy  in 2010. By 2020, the EU aims to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions by at least 20%, increase the share of renewable energy to at least 20% of consumption, and achieve energy savings of 20% or more. All EU countries must also achieve a 10% share of renewable energy in their transport sector. The EU is investing huge amounts of money to support new energy projects in EU countries. Many new energy companies or research institutes will get funding from the strategy. The amount of capital available to companies in the industry has increased and is helping to lead the new energy industrialization. The European market has 98% of Altair s nLTO battery module market share. We plan to develop further our ESS market in Europe.   
     
   Marketing    
     
  We do not advertise our products or have an in-house sales force. We market our product primarily through the reputation of our products, providing samples and relationships we have generated over time. As capital becomes available, we may commence a more active marketing campaign.   
     
   Global Trends Driving Growth in Our     Markets   

Driver    

Impact    

Solution    

Energy Security   

Smart Grid   

Batteries manage frequency regulation, reducing inefficient thermal generation   

Emissions Reduction / Global Warming   

Growth of Renewable Energy   

Batteries manage ramping and smoothing   

Variable Costs of Fossil Fuels   

Electric and Hybrid Vehicles   

High power batteries enable cost effective PHEV and EV with fast charging   

Sustainability   

Reducing dependency on lead-acid technology   

Environmentally-friendly relative to lead acid   

Certain Achievements   Since   2012   
     
  Since 2012, we have reached the following milestones:   

We completed phase one of our facilities which were constructed in Wu an, China in 2013. They include our nLTO material plant, energy storage systems and modules manufacturing plant and an office building. We built and completed a phase two nLTO production line construction in the fourth quarter of 2015 and phase three was completed in the fourth quarter of 2016. The expected annual production capacity from the three phases is 6,650 metric tons.      

We currently have two battery module production lines in Wu an, China with a third one expected to be completed by the end of the fourth quarter of 2016. The expected annual production capacity from the three production lines is 9,000 modules.      

From 2013 until late 2015, we delivered six grid-scale ALTI-ESS (energy storage systems) for six customers, who included the Hawaii Natural Energy Institute ( HNEI ) and Hawaiian Electric Light Company ( HELCO ), Vestas in Denmark, TSK Solar in Spain and Nextera, a U.S. utility company in the U.S.A based on the East Coast, HNEI/Hawaii Electric Company ( HECO ) and HNEI/Molokai Electric Company ( MECO ). All six of these systems are to be used for integration of renewable energy in addition to providing frequency regulation services.      

7

In 2013, we signed a long term supply agreement with Cargotec, a Finnish subsidiary company of Kalmar, the world leading port handling solution provider.      

In 2014, we successfully completed the design of our Gen 4 nLTO cells. From May 2015 to July 2016 our Gen 4 battery cell and module validation occurred. The Gen 4 technology offers significant improvements over the Gen 2 technology; module capacity increase of 15%, module impedance decrease of 20% which decreases heat generation during charge/discharge and improves safety, specific energy (Wh/kg) increase of 10%, cycle life extended by 56%, and operating temperature range increased by 10 C.     

On January 6, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Northern Altair, entered into the 2013 Wu an Agreement with Wu an, the total contract amount was $25.1 million for 165 EV Buses equipped with high efficiency lithium battery. No EV Buses were delivered during the year ended December 31, 2013.     

On May 13, 2014, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Northern Altair, entered into the 2014 Handan Agreement, the total contract amount was $44.5 million for 200 EV Buses equipped with high efficiency lithium battery.     

During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company delivered 153 EV Buses to Handan and recognized revenue of $28.4 million net of the fair value of the financial guarantee provided for Handan.     

During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company delivered 28 EV Buses to Wu an and 47 EV Buses to Handan and recognized revenue of $11.3 million net of the fair value of the financial guarantee provided for Handan.     

Strategic plan   
     
  In 2014 and 2015, we stabilized and enlarged our nLTO, OEM cell and module production to expand our market share in 2016. We also are working towards improving and developing our opportunities in the ESS market. We are seeking to expand our footprint in the European EV Bus, equipment handling machines and ESS markets.   
     
  From late 2016 and into 2017, Altair U.S. will continue to emphasize technical support for research and development and Northern Altair, China will become the main production base for nLTO, battery modules and ESS systems. We, alone or with affiliated entities, intend to create a complete circular industrial supply chain for nLTO products.  
     
  From phase one, the capacity for nLTO production is 150 metric tons per year. For the second phase, we increased our 150 metric tons per year, up to approximately 3,000 metric tons per year in one of the facilities we have built. For the third phase, we built and completed in the fourth quarter of 2016 an additional facility fully equipped to produce an annual capacity of 3,500 metric tons. The expected annual production capacity from these three phases is 6,650 metric tons. Currently, we are building a phase four facility to produce an additional 3,500 metric tons per year.   
     
  Meanwhile, we have expanded our battery module production to three lines for a capacity of up to 9,000 modules per year and we are expecting to develop ESS system assembly lines with greater capacities than previously provided in the U.S.A. It is a strategic product supply change with all of the production facilities in Wu an, China. The potential advantages of this transformation are:  

Reduction of production costs      

Better quality control      

Decreased shipping costs due to all production facilities being located in one central location      

Centralized management control and internal communications      

Centralized sales management      

8

In late 2016 and into 2017, we will focus on developing the energy storage market for China, as well as focusing on the European and American market.   

Primary Products and Target Energy Markets   
       
   Primary Products   
     
  We have developed, and continue to develop, through our primary materials science research, a lithium-ion battery chemistry using nanotechnologies to create materials offering unique electrochemistry properties for rechargeable batteries. We refer to this material as nano lithium titanate, or nLTO, and it is applied to the battery anode. Our nLTO battery cells offer 5 to 11 times greater cycle life than conventional lithium-ion technologies, an ability to rapidly discharge and charge, an ability to operate in extremely cold and hot temperatures, and a greater margin of safety than conventional lithium-ion technologies. Our Gen 4 products have improved on these aspects. Our nLTO batteries are designed to focus on high power applications, and are ideally suited for fast response applications in the electric grid segment for grid stability, hybrid and all-electric vehicles, and industrial applications.  
     
  We manufacture a range of cells, modules, packs and turn-key energy storage systems for our target customers. We produce modules in 24V, 36V, and 48V sizes industrial and transportation systems, including with a configurable industrial PowerRack system.   

Target Energy Related Markets   
       
   Transportation (Commercial Vehicles)   
     
  Large cities, counties and transit authorities are increasingly turning to electric and hybrid EV Buses to reduce pollution and reliance on diesel fuel for their transportation systems, especially in markets like China where there are significant levels of pollution. Commercial vehicle manufacturers, including medium-duty and heavy-duty trucks, are likewise evaluating hybrid systems to improve fuel economy and in some instances run battery-only systems at low speeds. At this stage of the market development, electric and hybrid electric vehicles generally cost more than their conventional counterparts, although the upfront cost may be offset by lower operating costs and a potentially longer operating life. Proterra, a U.S based EV Bus manufacturer had one of its all-EV Buses using our batteries tested at the Altoona Test Track by Penn State University and demonstrated a 17.5 to 29.5 miles per gallon (mpg) fuel equivalent vs. a normal diesel bus that achieved under 4 mpg. This difference translates into a fuel savings of about $350,000 over the life of the bus assuming a fuel cost of $3.50 per gallon. This is in addition to the savings in maintenance costs over the life of the bus, as a result of fewer mechanical systems and moving parts to maintain. We believe that cities, counties and commercial vehicle operators are willing to accept the higher upfront costs in order to benefit from the expected savings in long-term operating costs and potentially longer operating life, as well as the environmental benefits.   
     
  Electric and hybrid-electric commercial vehicles require a significant amount of power, operate throughout the day, have a long expected life and run in extreme temperature ranges. The relative strengths of our nLTO batteries, including the high levels of power, rapid charge and discharge rates, long cycle life and ability to function at temperature extremes, are particularly well suited for electric and hybrid commercial vehicles, giving us what we believe is a compelling competitive advantage in this market.  
     
  With the growing concern regarding the release of pollutants associated with burning fossil fuels, the attractiveness of all electric and hybrid EV Buses is rapidly growing. We are attempting to establish our nLTO batteries as the power source of choice in this emerging market. Given the projected growth of EV Buses in the Asia Pacific region, we view China as one of our largest market opportunities within the transportation segment.   

9

Electric Grid   
     
  Globally, electric utilities and power generation companies seek to maintain high levels of grid stability while seeking cost effective ways to accurately match electricity generation with demand. Essentially, there is no inventory of electricity; demand and generation must match. While the industry is capable of doing this from hour to hour, variations in load and demand from minute to minute cannot be accurately forecasted. When imbalances occur, the frequency (60 Hz in the U.S) can vary and must be balanced within very tight tolerances. Maintaining these tolerances is typically achieved through the use of auxiliary generators. If the load is either higher or lower than the power being generated, an auxiliary generator is either started or stopped. However, it takes these generators from generally five to 15 minutes to ramp up to full efficient operation or to shut down. During that period, the load may change directions and the grid operator then must direct another auxiliary generator to shut down or ramp up. This is a very inefficient process with the grid operators constantly chasing a variable load. The process of managing these very short-term changes in energy demand is referred to as  frequency regulation.  The chart below depicts what a typical workday in the PJM Regional Transmission Organization that manages the electric grid in the Mid-Atlantic States region looks like and how our battery can help smooth out the fluctuations.  

Electricity demand on a typical workday in the PJM electric grid covering the Mid-Atlantic States and District of Columbia     
     
  Utilities can address frequency regulation issues by maintaining on-line generating capacity at a level that is always higher than expected peak demand; however this can be an expensive solution, particularly where natural gas, diesel and other alternative fuels are not affordable alternatives. Most U.S. utilities are required to maintain between 1% - 1.5% of their peak load capacity to provide frequency regulation. As an example, for the PJM Regional Transmission Organization, this requirement translates into a 900 megawatt daily requirement. In many foreign countries where the electric grid is not as well developed as it is in the U.S., utilities need to reserve up to 5% or more of their capacity strictly to provide frequency regulation.   
     
  To reduce the costs of providing frequency regulation, utilities and grid operators are seeking  fast response  energy storage systems, and battery-based systems can offer significant advantages over slower response sources of conventional generation. When supply exceeds demand for a short period, fast response storage systems deliver electric energy back to the grid for a short period to give operators time to reroute energy from another power generator or power-up a new power source. Our large-scale nLTO battery systems can react in milliseconds and meet this need.   
     
  The need for a fast response energy storage technology, like our large-scale nLTO battery, is increased by the accelerated use of renewable energy sources. Photo Voltaic (PV) solar and wind power generation by nature are intermittent and unpredictable sources of energy that can fluctuate widely in a very short period of time. For example, it is not uncommon for a PV array to fluctuate +/- 50% in less than 90 seconds. With a small rooftop array, it isn t an issue, because the size of the generator is too small to matter. However, with a 50+ megawatt array, problems arise as the electric grid isn t currently built to handle this kind of a fluctuation. According to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, as of December 2013, twenty nine states and the District of Columbia require the integration of renewable energy sources into the power grid through legislated renewable portfolio standards as shown in the following table.  

10

Many of these states have established targets requiring the integration of renewable generation sources equal to or exceeding 25% of total generation within the next decade. California is a good case in point. California has a mandate to generate 33% of its electricity from renewable energy sources by 2020. The mandated adoption of these renewable energy sources is likely to increase the need for effective, efficient, clean energy storage technologies to provide frequency regulation services and maintain the reliability and stability of the associated electric grid systems. For example, California Assembly Bill 2514 enacted in 2010, requires the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) to establish energy storage procurement targets for California load serving entities in 2015 and 2020, if cost effective and commercially viable by October 2013. Implementation of AB 2514 is underway, and in February, 2013, CPUC approved a long term procurement decision and ordered Southern California Edison (SCE) to procure between 1,400 and 1,800 megawatts of energy resource capacity in the Los Angeles basin to meet long term local capacity requirements by 2021. Of this amount, CPUC required SCE to procure at least 50 megawatts from energy storage resources, as well as up to an additional 600 megawatts of capacity from preferred resources, which include energy efficiency, demand response and distributed generation, along with additional energy storage resources.   
     
  In our view, the key to addressing this market is to continually improve the performance of our energy storage systems, while reducing their cost (or the perception of their higher cost) to the end user. One key advantage that our nLTO batteries have is their projected higher cycle life, which can be four to six times higher than that of certain competing lithium battery technologies, such as lithium iron phosphate. Accordingly, we seek to market our products not on an initial cost of acquisition basis or even on a watt-hours per kilogram basis, but rather on the total cost of ownership over time. In addition, we seek to market the fast response capabilities of our battery, the value of which cannot be captured on a simple watt-hours per kilogram basis. The importance of fast response resources is beginning to gain considerable traction, as evidenced by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission s (FERC) Order 755, whose  pay for performance  rules not only value the capacity of frequency regulation services, but also its speed and accuracy. We believe that these pay for performance rules will help mitigate the impact that low natural gas prices have had on the U.S. energy storage market for the electric grid.   
     
   Industrial    
     
  The industrial market segment encompasses a broad range of applications, ranging from the use of battery systems on cargo cranes to the use of battery systems with heavy industrial equipment. We believe that our high power batteries can play an important role within this market segment. For example, our battery modules have been successfully integrated into the power system of Cargotec s port handling machine. The company is a subsidiary of Kalmar who is the world leader of port handling solution provider.   
     
   Key Features of Our   nLTO   Batteries    
     
  One of the principal advantages of our nLTO battery is its rapid charge and discharge rate. The charge rate is the rate at which a battery s energy is replenished, and the discharge rate is the rate at which the energy stored in a battery is transferred (or, in the case of self-discharge, leaked) out. Through the optimization of materials used in our nLTO battery cells, our current cells are capable of recharge times of 10 minutes to 95% or more of initial battery capacity. This rapid charge capability is important in our target markets.   
     
  Our nLTO batteries have both a longer cycle life and calendar life than commercially available rechargeable battery technologies such as conventional lithium ion, nickel-metal hydride (NiMH) batteries and nickel cadmium (NiCd) batteries. The ability of any rechargeable battery to store energy will diminish as a result of repeated charge/discharge cycles. A battery s  cycle life  is the number of times it can be charged and discharged without a significant reduction in its energy storage capacity. Our nLTO is termed a zero strain material, meaning that the material essentially does not change shape upon the entry and exit of a lithium ion in the material. Graphite, the most common material in conventional lithium ion batteries, will expand and contract as much as 8% with each charge/discharge cycle. This constant change in volume rapidly breaks down the battery resulting in significantly shorter calendar and cycle life than with our nLTO anodes. Our current generation of cells can achieve 16,000 cycles, which represents a significant improvement over conventional lithium batteries, which typically retain that level of charge capacity only through 2,500 to 4,000 deep charge/discharge cycles. Depending on the actual duty cycles and temperature, those figures can drop even lower.  

11

Our nLTO also represents a breakthrough in low and high-temperature performance. Nearly 90% of room temperature charge retention is realized at -30 C from our nLTO battery cells. In contrast, common lithium ion technology possesses virtually no charging capabilities at this low temperature, and the other rechargeable battery types such as lead acid, NiMH and NiCd take 10 to 20 times longer to charge at this low temperature.   
     
  We also believe that relative safety is one of the strengths of our nLTO batteries. Any battery cell or large battery unit with lithium ion cell technology must take into account safety considerations, the most important of which is thermal runaway.  Thermal runaway is the temperature at which the battery chemistry will break down causing the battery to overheat and potentially explode or catch fire. This temperature is often referred to as the critical temperature.  Critical temperature for lithium ion battery cells using conventional graphite anodes is around 130  C, a direct result of chemical reaction between the graphite and the electrolyte.  With our current nLTO anode in place of graphite and an appropriate cathode material, that critical temperature will be close to 200  C, an increase in safety margin of approximately 70  C.  Materials we are using in our lab operate at 250oC before the critical temperature is reached. The batteries we and our partners are developing for high power applications often consist of dozens or even thousands of battery cells working together as part of a single modular battery unit. When a large number of cells are aggregated into a single battery unit, the likelihood of, and risks associated with, thermal runaway increases.  In this context, we believe that the additional temperature margin our individual battery cells experience before reaching the critical temperature makes our battery cells better suited than competing lithium ion batteries for the high-power applications we are targeting.   
     
  The current generation of batteries made with our nLTO exhibit lower energy density at room temperatures than conventional lithium ion systems, although we are developing newer generations of nLTO batteries, which will increase our energy density. Energy density is normally described as watt-hours per kilogram or watt-hours per liter and refers to the available energy per unit weight or per unit volume. A battery with high energy density will deliver more energy per unit weight or volume than a battery with lower energy density. Our batteries made with our nLTO have energy densities, watt-hours per kilogram, that are better than lead acid, NiCd and NiMH batteries and approximately 50-70% of conventional lithium ion batteries when operated at room temperature. However, this energy density disadvantage is significantly less compared to conventional lithium ion batteries as the operating temperature moves away from room temperature, particularly to colder environments, and less significant in environments such as large vehicles and utilities in which battery volume is not a significant issue. When the end use of the battery requires constant performance across a wide range of temperatures, such as the need for a hybrid bus to function comparably in both winter and summer, our nLTO cells may be the preferred solution. Also, conventional lithium ion batteries prefer to cycle between approximately 30% and 80% state of charge to achieve optimum cycle life. As a result, they only use about 50% of their nominal available energy. Our nLTO batteries, on the other hand, are not so limited and as a result can use approximately 90% of their nominal available energy. Given this, we believe that comparisons of battery technologies on a watt-hours per kilogram basis can be misleading, as nLTO batteries offer a greater range of actual usable energy, along with four-to-six times the cycle life across a wider range of operating conditions.  
     
   Sources of Supply and Raw Materials   
     
  An important consideration, as we begin to grow our revenue stream, is to ensure that we have access to the various components and raw materials we need to manufacture and assemble our various products. As we anticipate larger orders, establishing multiple sources for key components is becoming much more important to us. Moreover, a key focus of our new business plan is to aggregate our supply chain not only to reduce cost, but also to accelerate our ability to deliver products on a timely basis to our customers.  
     
  The basic building block for our battery cell s anode is nLTO powder. We use compounds of lithium and of titanium to manufacture our nLTO. We currently source our lithium compound from the largest producers in China and do not foresee any problems in scaling up our purchases as our volume of business increases. Meanwhile we are developing and qualifying more suppliers in U.S., Australia and China. From end of 2015, Lithium material price has been rising rapidly, and our company has to be ready for solutions. We currently source our titanium compound from a supplier who is a global leader in the field and a Chinese domestic supplier, and we are in the process of identifying and qualifying additional sources for this key material. The supply of our cathode material of our cells supply is from a single supplier; therefore, we are planning to test materials from another Japanese supplier. At this point we are not anticipating any problems or disruptions to our supply of these raw material compounds.  

12

As of the date hereof, we have only one source for the contract manufacturing of our nLTO battery cells, which are the building blocks of our battery modules and energy storage systems. This supplier has passed our rigorous technical requirements to be as our qualified supplier. Currently we are planning to qualify more OEM suppliers to reduce our dependency on one single supplier and meanwhile create competition between suppliers and eventually reduce cost.   
     
  Many of the other components and materials used in the manufacture of our nLTO battery products are readily available from multiple suppliers.   
     
   Competition   
     
  Electric Grid: A number of advanced energy storage and power electronic component producers have entered into the frequency regulation market. They include A123 Systems (which was acquired by Wanxiang), BYD, GS Yuasa, LG Chem, Mitsubishi, Saft, Microvast, Toshiba, Enerdel and XtremePower. As we or others continue to demonstrate traction in this market we expect to see increasing levels of competition from other suppliers and systems integrators, especially as the market rules in the U.S. and other markets move towards the acceptance of battery-based energy storage for frequency regulation. Favorable signs emerged in 2012, such as California Independent System Operator s (CAISO) decision to adopt market changes which would reward frequency regulation resources for fast performance. CAISO now joins PJM Interconnection as the first to propose new rules which seek to comply with FERC s Order 755, which requires pay for performance, especially for fast response resources that provide frequency regulation services. We believe that these changes are favorable for battery-based energy storage systems in general and for our nLTO battery technologies specifically, due to our unique fast response capabilities.   
     
  Our products typically compete with existing methods for providing frequency regulation and renewable integration rather than competing battery manufacturers. Today, most utilities and regional transmission organizations use existing coal, gas and diesel generating sources to provide frequency regulation. While these sources are inefficient and can be highly polluting (coal and diesel), they are known quantities and accepted by the various regulators and utilities. In many instances, particularly in the U.S., we are attempting to displace this accepted way of doing things. Consequently, the typical sales cycle for selling an energy storage system for frequency regulation can be quite lengthy.   
     
  Another challenge is the cost of natural gas in the U.S. Much of the existing frequency regulation in the U.S. is provided by natural gas powered generators, and the price of natural gas pricing has been at historic lows. As a result, there is less of a financial incentive for utilities to implement our solution. This cost environment, however, is not expected to be sustainable. Natural gas prices are volatile and may rise over time, and batteries, like all technologies, will eventually see their prices drop as efficiencies are gained and as production volumes increase. As a result, we see greater opportunities for our frequency regulation products emerging over time in the U.S., especially with the introduction of new market mechanisms that place greater emphasis on fast response services. Moreover, we expect to see growing demand outside of the U.S., where fuel costs are significantly higher. Once this new energy storage capability starts to get market traction, we expect the rate of acceptance to accelerate. Until then, however, we are experiencing a long sales cycle and don t expect that to materially change in the near future. We believe that once we demonstrate revenue traction and demonstrate that the market does exist and is very large, other larger suppliers may also target this market.  
     
  In the Transportation (Commercial Vehicles), automotive passenger car markets, there are a large number of battery manufacturers and systems integrators currently serving the market. Many of them are larger companies with substantially stronger financial resources than we have. We believe the passenger car market will be driven by low margins and volume. As a result we believe that only larger, well-capitalized companies will ultimately be successful in this market. We believe that commercial vehicles, including buses, medium- and heavy-duty trucks, on the other hand, present a different set of dynamics. The characteristics of our batteries are an excellent fit to satisfy the requirements of this market, and the needs here are different than in the general passenger car automotive market. We believe that we can be a successful competitor in this segment of the overall transportation market.  
     
  With respect to the electric and hybrid electric commercial vehicle markets, we are not aware of any commercially available products that have similar performance attributes as our nLTO batteries, although we suspect that similar batteries exist. Nonetheless, competitors have announced advanced lithium ion batteries and battery products aimed at these markets. Some may have greater energy density than our nLTO batteries.   

13

Currently, NiMH batteries dominate the hybrid electric vehicle market, although major hybrid manufacturers are beginning to switch to lithium ion batteries. NiMH batteries improve upon the energy capacity and power capabilities of older alternatives, such as NiCd (for the same size cell) by 30% to 40%. Since they contain fewer toxins than NiCd batteries, NiMH batteries are more environmentally friendly than NiCd batteries, although they are not as environmentally friendly as our nLTO battery. Like NiCd batteries, NiMH batteries can be charged in about 3 hours. Charging rates must be reduced by a factor of 5 to 10 at temperatures below 0 C (32 F) and above 40 C (104 F). NiMH batteries suffer from poor deep cycle ability (i.e. the ability to be discharged to 10% or less of their capacity), possessing a recharge capability following deep discharge on the order of 200 to 300 cycles. While NiMH batteries are capable of high power discharge, dedicated usage in high power applications limits cycle life even further. NiMH batteries also possess high self-discharge rates, which is unintentional leaking of a battery s charge. NiMH batteries are intolerant to elevated temperature and, as a result, performance and capacity degrade sharply above room temperature. The most serious issue with NiMH, though, involves safety accompanying recharge. The temperature and internal pressure of a NiMH battery cell rises sharply as the cell nears 100% state of charge, necessitating the inclusion of complex cell monitoring electronics and sophisticated charging algorithms in order to prevent thermal runaway, and ultimately fire. A potential limiting factor for the widespread use of NiMH batteries may be the supply of nickel, potentially rendering the technology economically infeasible for these applications as demand continues to rise.  
     
  Producers of electric and hybrid electric vehicles are seeking to replace NiMH batteries with lithium ion batteries for several reasons. The demand for these vehicles is placing pressures on the limited supply of nickel, potentially rendering the technology economically infeasible for these applications as the demand continues to rise. Compared to NiMH batteries, lithium ion batteries are stable, charge more rapidly (in hours), exhibit low self-discharge, and require very little maintenance. Except as explained below, the safety, cycle life, calendar life, environmental impact and power of lithium ion batteries is comparable to those of NiMH and NiCd batteries.   
     
  Lithium ion batteries are the batteries of choice in small electronics, such as cell phones and portable computers, where high energy density and light weight are important. These same attributes are desired for electric vehicle, hybrid electric vehicle, fast energy storage and other markets. However, these applications are principally high power demand applications and/or pose other demands on usage, such as extremes of temperature, need for extremely short recharge times, and even longer extended lifetimes. Because of safety concerns related principally to the presence of graphite in conventional lithium ion batteries, conventional graphite-based lithium ion batteries sufficiently large for such power uses may raise safety concerns. In addition, current lithium ion technology is only capable of about 2,500 to 4,000 cycles. Conventional lithium ion batteries also do not function well at extremely hot or cold temperatures. Our batteries - which are safer, have a longer cycle life, rapid charge and discharge rates and function well at extreme temperatures - are designed to address the power market by providing many of the key benefits of lithium ion batteries without the shortcomings relative to the power market. As noted above, our competitors are developing high power, and temperature resilient non-conventional lithium ion batteries. We do not know the exact attributes of the evolving batteries.   
     
   Research and Development Expenses   
     
  Research and development ( R D ) expenditures include salaries, wages and other costs of personnel engaged in R D, costs of services performed by others for R D on our behalf are expensed as R D costs when incurred.   
     
  Our total R D expenses were $0.8 million, $1.1 million, $3.9 million and $6.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012; respectively, while R D costs funded by customers were $1,920, $2,040, $1,200 and $23,000 for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Included in the R D expenses are engineering, development and internal product innovation costs not billed to customers. From 2014 to 2015, we concentrated on stabilizing and expanding production in Wu an, China and from 2016 and into 2017 we plan to put a large investment again into R D in China with the support from our U.S. team.   

14

Dependence on Significant Customers      
     
  For the year ended December 31, 2015, Hebei Yinlong (a related entity) and TSK, were our two largest customers accounting for 49% and 12% of our total recognized revenues; for the year ended December 31, 2014, Hebei Yinlong (a related entity), Proterra LLC and Nanopower a.s. were our three largest customers accounting for 30%, 19% and 16% of our total recognized revenues; and for year ending December 31, 2013, we had three major customers (1) Proterra LLC accounted for 32% of our total recognized revenues (2) Hawaiian Electric Light Company accounted for 25% of our total recognized revenues and (3) Vestas accounted for 16% of our total recognized revenues.   During the year ended December 31, 2012, we recorded revenues from three major customers who accounted for 16% and 14% and 13% of our total recognized revenues; they were Alsher Titania LLC, Gen-X and Emrol; respectively.   
     
  Open contracts include the China State Grid Project and an agreement to sell up to 2,000 tons of nLTO to our affiliate Hebei Yinlong.   

U.S. Government Regulation    
     
  Most of our current and proposed activities in the U.S. are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations concerning machine and chemical safety and environmental protection. Such laws include, without limitation, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation Liability Act. We are also subject to laws governing the packaging and shipment of some of our products, including our nLTO batteries. Such laws require that we take steps to, among other things, maintain air and water quality standards, protect threatened, endangered and other species of wildlife and vegetation, preserve certain cultural resources, reclaim processing sites and package potentially flammable materials in appropriate ways and pass stringent government mandated testing standards before shipping our battery products.   
     
   China Government Regulation   
     
  Our manufacturing activities and most of the business activities are now in China, we are supposed to comply with the stipulations of PRC environmental laws and regulations, including but not limited to those on air emissions, waste water discharge, solid waste disposal and noise control.  The main environmental regulations applicable to us include the PRC Environmental Protection Law, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution and its Implementation Rules, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Air Pollution and its Implementation Rules, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Solid Waste Pollution, and the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution.  We are also subject to laws supervising the packaging and shipment of some of our products, including our nLTO batteries, flammable and dangerous articles. Such laws and regulations define that we take steps to, among other measures, maintain air, water and soil quality standards, as well as ensure the safety of people concerned during the production, packaging, shipment, installation and use of the products. Strict government required testing standards must pass before the shipment of our products.   
       
  Compliance with federal, state, or local laws or regulations represents a small part of our present budget. If we fail to comply with any such laws or regulations, however, a government entity may levy a fine on us or require us to take costly measures to ensure compliance. Any such fine or expenditure may adversely affect our development.   
         
   Environmental Regulation and Liability         
       
  Any proposed processing and manufacturing operations in the United States will be subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws. Under such laws, we may be jointly and severally liable with prior property owners for the treatment, cleanup, remediation, and/or removal of substances discovered at any other property used by us; to the extent the substances are deemed by the federal and/or state government to be toxic or hazardous. Courts or government agencies may impose liability for, among other things, the improper release, discharge, storage, use, disposal, or transportation of hazardous substances. We use hazardous substances in our testing and operations and, although we employ reasonable practicable safeguards to prevent any liability under applicable laws relating to hazardous substances, companies engaged in materials production are inherently subject to substantial risk that environmental remediation will be required.   

15

As we conduct our manufacturing activities in China, we are subject to the requirements of PRC environmental laws and regulations on air emission, waste water discharge, solid waste and noise. The major environmental regulations applicable to us include the PRC Environmental Protection Law, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Water Pollution and its Implementation Rules, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Air Pollution and its Implementation Rules, the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Solid Waste Pollution, and the PRC Law on the Prevention and Control of Noise Pollution. We aim to comply with environmental laws and regulations and have been pushing ahead with the authentication of ISO 14001 for environmental practices. We have already passed the first step of the ISO 14001 appraisal and the second step of the appraisal is in process. Passing the second step of the appraisal will give us ISO 14001 certification.  We have built environmental treatment facilities concurrently with construction of our manufacturing facilities, where waste air, waste water and waste solids we generate can be treated in accordance with the relevant requirements. We also outsource disposal of solid waste we generate to a third party contractor. Certain key materials used in manufacturing, such as cobalt dioxide, electrolyte and separators, have proven innocuous to worker s health and safety as well as the environment. We are not subject to any admonitions, penalties, investigations or inquiries imposed by the environmental regulators, nor are we subject to any claims or legal proceedings to which we are named as defendant for violation of any environmental law or regulation. We do not have any reasonable basis to believe that there is any threatened claim, action or legal proceedings against us that would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  
     
   Financial Information about Segments and Foreign Sales   
     
  Information with respect to assets, net sales, loss from operations and depreciation and amortization for the Power and Energy Group and the All Other Division is presented in Note 13, Business Segment Information, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV.  
     
  Information with respect to foreign and domestic sales and related information is also presented in Note 13, Business Segment Information, of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV.  
     
   Subsidiaries   
     
  Altair U.S. Holdings, Inc. was incorporated by Altair in December 2003 for the purpose of facilitating a corporate restructuring and consolidation of all U.S. subsidiaries under a U.S. holding company. Altair U.S. Holdings owns the capital stock of Mineral Recovery Systems, Inc., which currently has no operations, and Altairnano, Inc.   
     
  Altairnano, Inc. (f/k/a Altair Nanomaterials Inc.) holds all of our interest in our nanomaterials and titanium dioxide pigment technology and related assets. Altairnano, Inc. also owns Altair China, a WFOE in China, and Altair China owns Northern Altair, a domestic company in China.   
     
   Corporate History   
     
  Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada in April 1973 for the purpose of acquiring and exploring mineral properties. At that time, its name was Diversified Mines Limited, which was subsequently changed to Tex-U.S. Oil   Gas Inc. in February 1981, then to Orex Resources Ltd. in November 1986, then to Carlin Gold Company Inc. in July 1988, then to Altair International Gold Inc. in March 1994, then to Altair International Inc. in November 1996 and then to Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. in July 2002. In July 2002, Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. domesticated from the Ontario Business Corporations Act to Canada s federal corporate statute, the Canada Business Corporations Act. On May 15, 2012, Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. domesticated from Canada to the State of Delaware under the Delaware General Corporation Law.  
     
  During the period from inception through 1994, we acquired and explored multiple mineral properties. In each case, sub-economic mineralization was encountered and the exploration was abandoned. Beginning in 1996, we entered into leases for mineral property near Camden, Tennessee and owned the rights to the Altair jig. Subsequently, we have terminated our leases on all of the Tennessee mineral properties and during 2009 disposed of the remaining centrifugal jigs and abandoned the applicable patents since we were unable to identify an interested party to purchase them.  
     
  In November 1999, we acquired all the rights of BHP Minerals International, Inc., or BHP, in the nanomaterials and titanium dioxide pigment technologies and the nanomaterials and titanium dioxide pigment assets from BHP. We are employing the nanomaterials technology as a platform for the production and sale of metal oxide nanoparticles in our nLTO batteries.  

16

In July 2011, Energy Storage (China) ( EST China ), an indirect subsidiary of Canon Investment Holding Ltd, acquired 6,172,801 shares of common stock, representing 53% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc.  
     
  In December 2012, we completed a 1-for-6 reverse stock split. All share and per share amounts included in this filing have been restated for the effects of this reverse stock split.  
     
   Employees   
     
  Our business is currently managed by Mr. Guohua Sun, Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. Karen Werner, Interim Chief Financial Officer. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013; our U.S. operations had 31, 30 and 42 employees; respectively. As of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our China operations had 598, 254 and 240 employees; respectively. During 2016, we anticipate hiring additional employees in China primarily in operations, engineering, research   development and sales   marketing. This is dependent upon business volume growth and demand for our products.   
     
  As of January 2016, the module production was transferred from Anderson, Indiana to our manufacturing location in Wu an, China. In the U.S., we are maintaining some of our core R D personnel, who provide technical transfer and services to our China entities in the areas of core R D, engineering operational capabilities and technologies that influence our manufacturing in Wu an, China.   
     
   Available Information    
     
  We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. These materials can be inspected and copied at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of these materials may also be obtained by mail at prescribed rates from the SEC s Public Reference Room at the above address. Information about the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC s Internet site is  www.sec.gov . In addition, we provide electronic or paper copies of our filings free of charge upon request.  

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
     
   An investment in our shares of common stock and related derivative securities involves significant risks. You should carefully consider   the risks described in this Comprehensive Report before making an investment decision. Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such case, you may lose all or part of your investment. Some factors in this section are forward-looking statements.   
         
    We may continue to experience significant losses from operations.     
     
  We have experienced a net loss in every fiscal year since our inception. Our loss from operations was $15.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. We may, or may not, be profitable in the future. Even if we are profitable in one or more future years, subsequent developments in the economy, our industry, customer base, business or cost structure, or an event such as significant litigation or a significant transaction, may cause us to again experience losses.   
     
    We may not be able to raise sufficient equity capital to finance our operations due to our operating results, market conditions and similar factors.     
     
  As of December 31, 2015, we had approximately $2.1 million in cash and cash equivalents, $0.2 million in restricted cash and approximately $70.5 million in debt coming due during 2016. Restricted cash and Term Deposit of approximately $25.6 million serves as collateral for short-term loans and trade acceptance bills. We expect that in the future we will again need to raise capital.  With respect to any such capital raise, we may be unable to raise the amount of capital needed and may be forced to pay an extremely high price for capital.  Factors affecting the availability and price of capital may include the following:   

market factors affecting the availability and cost of capital generally, including increases or decreases in major stock market indexes, the stability of the banking and investment banking systems and general economic stability or instability;     

17

the price, volatility and trading volume of our shares of common stock;     

our financial results, particularly the amount of revenue we are generating from product sales;     

the market's perception of our ability to execute our business plan and any specific projects identified as uses of proceeds;     

our ownership structure and recent or anticipated dilution;     

the amount of our capital needs;     

our project investment requirements in China;     

the amount of our outstanding debt;     

the extent to which we are subject to material legal or regulatory proceeding or restrictions arising from such proceedings;     

the influence of EST China and its appointees on the Board of Directors which, among other things, may cause the Company to seek indebtedness as a source of capital, as opposed to the sale of capital stock, in order to permit EST China to maintain control;     

volume limitations on the use of our shelf registration statement;     

the market's perception of our company and companies in our line of business; and     

the economics of projects being pursued.     

If we are unable to raise required capital, we may be forced to discontinue operations.  
         
    The significant amount of debt we owe creates a material risk of default and insolvency.     
     
  As of December 31, 2015, we had approximately $70.5 million in debt that will come due in the next twelve months. This debt is secured by restricted cash, short-term investments, land use rights in China, third party guarantee, related party guarantee, note receivable from a related party, and our building in Reno, Nevada. We do not have sufficient capital to repay such debt. If we are unable to refinance this debt, or otherwise raise sufficient capital to repay this debt, we will default. If we are in default, our creditors have a broad range of remedies, including taking action against the collateral. A default on our indebtedness, particularly that secured by our land use rights in China, would likely lead to our insolvency and a bankruptcy or similar event. In such a context, it is unlikely that there will be any amount available for distribution to its shareholders.   
     
    We have entered into contractual provisions that may significantly limit our ability to raise capital.     
     
  In conjunction with the closing of the purchase by EST China, an affiliate of Canon Investment Holdings Ltd. of shares representing over 50% of our outstanding shares in 2011, we granted certain rights to EST China, including the right to proportional representation on our Board of Directors, certain registration rights, and an option to purchase a sufficient number of our equity securities at market price to maintain their percentage of ownership should we offer, sell or issue new securities. These rights may dissuade potential investors from purchasing our capital or may require us to accept less than favorable terms in future financings.  
     
  The ultimate parent of EST China has announced its intention to sell its business and holdings to Gree Electric Appliances Inc., or Gree, a major Chinese air conditioner manufacturer. We have no basis for knowing how and to the extent Gree will exercise influence over our company and our Board of Directors.   
         
    We are subject to various regulatory regimes, and may be adversely affected by inquiries, investigations and allegations that we have not complied with governing rules and laws.    
     
  In light of our status as a public company and our lines of business, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulatory regimes in addition to those applicable to all businesses generally.  For example, we are subject to the reporting requirements applicable to United States reporting issuers, such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and certain other securities laws. We are also subject to Delaware corporate laws and state and federal environmental, health, safety and similar laws. Such laws and rules change frequently and are often complex.  In connection with such laws, we are subject to periodic audits, inquiries and investigations.  Any such audits, inquiries and investigations may divert considerable financial and human resources and adversely affect the execution of our business plan.   

18

Through such audits, inquiries and investigations, we or a regulator may determine that we are out of compliance with one or more governing rules or laws.  Remedying such non-compliance would divert additional financial and human resources.  In addition, in the future, we may be subject to a formal charge or determination that we have materially violated a governing law, rule or regulation. We may also be subject to lawsuits as a result of alleged violation of the securities laws or governing corporate laws.  Any charge or allegation, and particularly any determination, that we had materially violated a governing law would harm our ability to enter into business relationships, recruit qualified officers and employees and raise capital.       
     
  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, as described in Item 3 of the Comprehensive Report, as a result of issues with our internal controls and our related failure to file reports required under the Exchange Act, we were delisted from the Nasdaq Stock Market and have been subject to direct, derivative, regulatory and other investigations and lawsuits. This has harmed the price of our common stock, our ability to raise capital, our ability to sign agreements with customers and suppliers, our ability to retain key employees and hire replacement employees and other aspects of our business.   

Laws governing repatriation of investments in a China WFOE may contribute to a need to obtain capital to finance our non-China operations in the near future.     
     
  We have established a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise, or WFOE, in China through which we directly or indirectly conduct our Chinese operations. When establishing a WFOE, we have been required to designate a minimum registered capital amount and contribute at least such amount to the WFOE. Chinese law severely limits the ability of a WFOE to repatriate money to its non-Chinese parent. In general, any distributions to the non-Chinese parent must derive from profits, as determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. Our WFOE will also be required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profit based on Chinese accounting standards each year to a statutory surplus reserve fund until the accumulative amount of such reserve reaches 50% of registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as dividends.   
     
  In addition, our WFOE may be required to allocate a portion of its after-tax profit to a staff welfare and bonus fund. Moreover, if our WFOE incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict our WFOEs  ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. Any limitation on the ability of our WFOE to distribute dividends and other distributions to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to make investments or enter into joint ventures that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business.  
     
    U.S. news sources report that the Chinese government has placed, or began enforcing, limitations on lending by Chinese banks, which limits may affect our ability to borrow capital for our Chinese capital investment projects, for operations and to refinance existing debt.     
     
  Many U.S. news sources recently reported that, due to an increase in bad loans and other reasons, the Chinese government has imposed, or began enforcing, limitations on lending by Chinese banks and other lending entities. Northern Altair has been seeking loans from Chinese banks and other lending entities for its proposed capital investments and operations. This increased regulation and scrutiny may decrease the likelihood that Northern Altair can qualify for debt financing to fund proposed projects and to refinance existing indebtedness. Even if Northern Altair does qualify, terms of financing may be more onerous than anticipated. Any inability to finance our Chinese operations through debt would likely slow our growth in China and may prevent us from completing all aspects of our proposed nLTO and energy storage system manufacturing facility in China. Any failure to refinance existing indebtedness may lead to a default and insolvency.  

19

We may become subject to international economic and political risks over which we have little or no control and may be unable to alter our business practice in time to avoid the possibility of reduced revenues.    
     
  We conduct substantially all our business outside the United States and plan to significantly increase our presence in China. Doing business outside the United States subjects us to various risks, including changing economic and political conditions, major work stoppages, exchange controls, currency fluctuations, armed conflicts and unexpected changes in United States and foreign laws relating to tariffs, trade restrictions, transportation regulations, foreign investments and taxation. We have no control over most of these risks and may be unable to anticipate or adapt to changes in international economic and political conditions. This may lead to sudden and unexpected revenue reductions or expense increases.   
     
    China s economic policies, laws and regulations could affect our business.    
     
  While China s economy has experienced significant growth in the past twenty years, such growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures benefit the overall economy of China, but they may also have a negative effect on us. For example, operating results and financial conditions may be adversely affected by the government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. The economy of China has been transitioning from a planned economy to a more market-oriented economy. In recent years, the PRC government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform and the reduction of state ownership of productive assets, and the establishment of corporate governance in business enterprises; however, a substantial portion of productive assets in China are still owned by the PRC government. In addition, the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. It also exercises significant control over China s economic growth through the allocation of resources, the control of payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, the setting of monetary policy and the provision of preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. Any adverse change in the economic conditions or government policies in China could directly harm our business or harm overall economic growth in China, which in either case could increase our expenses and decrease expected revenues.   

We may have difficulty establishing adequate management, legal and financial controls internationally.    
     
  We are a small company with operation in multiple countries, particularly the United States and China. As a result of differences in management, accounting, legal, language and cultural norms, we may experience difficulty in establishing and enforcing management, legal and financial controls. We may also experience difficulty collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate records and instituting standard business practices for our international projects as well as in our China-based operations. In fact, such difficulty is the principal reason that we have failed to file required periodic reports since late 2013. As a result of issues with our internal controls and our related failure to file reports required under the Exchange Act, we were delisted from the Nasdaq Stock Market and have been subject to direct, derivative, regulatory and other investigations and lawsuits. This has harmed the price of our common stock, our ability to raise capital, our ability to sign agreements with customers and suppliers, our ability to retain key employees and hire replacement employees and other aspects of our business.   
     
  Such difficulties may continue in the future. Any failure to maintain controls, institute business practices or accurately collect information may have an effect on the efficiency of our business and could lead to a restatement, a regulatory action (including delisting from an exchange or trading market) or a legal action, in addition to our inability to gain the trust of customers and suppliers. In addition, our international efforts may divert management attention and consume a significant amount of capital without anticipated results.  
     
    If relations between the United States and China worsen, investors may be unwilling to hold or buy our stock and our stock price may decrease.    
     
  At various times during recent years, the United States and China have had significant disagreements over political and economic issues. Controversies may arise in the future between these two countries. Any political or trade controversies between the United States and China, whether or not directly related to our business, could reduce the price of our common stock.  

20

China could change its policies toward private enterprise or even nationalize or expropriate private enterprises.    
     
  Our business is expected to be subject to significant political and economic uncertainties and may be affected by political, economic and social developments in China. Over the past several years, the PRC government has pursued economic reform policies including the encouragement of private economic activity and greater economic decentralization. The PRC government may not continue to pursue these policies or may significantly alter them to our detriment from time to time with little, if any, prior notice.  
     
  Changes in policies, laws and regulations or in their interpretation or the imposition of confiscatory taxation, restrictions on currency conversion, restrictions or prohibitions on dividend payments to shareholders, or devaluations of currency could cause a decline in the price of our common stock.  
     
    The nature and application of many laws of China create an uncertain environment for business operations and they could have a negative effect on us.    
     
  The legal system in China is a civil law system. Unlike the common law system, the civil law system is based on written statutes in which decided legal cases have little value as precedents. The promulgation of new laws, changes of existing laws and the abrogation of local regulations by national laws could harm our business operations and financial condition. In addition, as these laws, regulations and legal requirements are relatively recent, their interpretation and enforcement involve significant uncertainty. Furthermore, the political, governmental and judicial systems in China are sometimes impacted by corruption. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain recourse in any legal disputes with suppliers, customers or other parties with whom we conduct business.  
     
    We may not be able to sell the land use rights in China we have acquired, and expect to acquire, at appraised value or at all, in part due to applicable restrictions.     
     
  In October 2012, we acquired a 50-year land use right in China related to 66 acres of commercial land north of Dongzhuchang Village in Wu'an City, China. In May 2013, we acquired a 50-year land use right for an adjoining 40 acre parcel. Our land use rights are subject to certain requirements and limitations. In May, 2014 and in August, 2015 we purchased three more pieces of land. The requirements on the existing five land use rights, totaling 138.3 acres, include an obligation, over the life of the land use rights, to invest approximately $314.85   million in the combined projects. The limitations include a prohibition on the transfer of the land use right prior to our investment of at least 25% of our committed investment. These requirements and limitations may harm the value of the land use right.  
     
    We may face delays or related issues if we cannot effectively transfer know-how from our U.S.-based employees to our China-based employees.     
     
  We have constructed a facility in China to be the sole site for our nLTO manufacturing and an additional site for our energy storage system and module assembly. The processes of manufacturing nLTO and assembling energy storage systems and modules are complex. We will need to transfer the complex know-how for the manufacturing and assembly from our U.S.-based employees to our existing or new Chinese employees. Language and cultural differences, as well as the inherent difficulty of communicating skills learned through experience, may lead to difficulties in the education and training of Chinese employees. Any failure to adequately educate and train Chinese employees in company-specific know-how may result in additional costs, delays, quality concerns, warranty costs and other issues.   
     
    Following the acquisition of a majority interest in the Company by EST China, we face risks associated with having a majority shareholder.     
     
  In July 2011, EST China acquired a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock; it may soon be sold to Gree. Having a controlling shareholder presents certain risks to us, including the following:   

The majority shareholder controls the appointments on the Board of Directors and may appoint persons less qualified, or more loyal to the majority shareholder, than would be appointed absent a controlling shareholder;     

The majority shareholder may be able to influence our Board of Directors to enter into transactions with related or third parties that are more favorable to such parties than would be negotiated by an independent Board of Directors;     

We may hire employees who also work for 100% owned subsidiaries of EST China, which may create conflicts of interest and concerns re protection of trade secrets     

21

The majority shareholder controls all matters requiring approval by the shareholders, including any determination with respect to the acquisition or disposition of assets, future issuances of a material number of securities and other major transactions; and     

This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or prevent a change in control and otherwise prevent shareholders other than our affiliates from influencing our direction and future.     

If one or more of these risks, or other risks, materializes, our business will be harmed, and it may be harmed materially.   
     
    Cultural, language and other differences between the U.S. and China may create inefficiencies in our management and operations.    
     
  Our majority shareholder, and a majority of our directors, reside in China and several of our directors exclusively speak Chinese. As we ramp up our China-based operations, we may experience conflicts or misunderstandings within our management structure that are primarily or partially rooted in language and cultural differences, particularly differences in management and communication styles. Language and cultural differences may also affect strategy formation and create inefficient and limited communication among technical and management employees located in different countries. The occurrence of any of these events may harm our growth potential, increase costs and decrease operational efficiency.   

Our     nLTO    , battery materials and battery business is currently dependent upon several customers and potential customers, which presents various risks.     
     
  Our nLTO materials and battery business is dependent upon several current or potential customers. In addition, many of these customers are, or are expected to be, development partners who are subsidizing the research and development of products for which they may be the sole, or one of several, potential purchasers. As a result of the several potential customers and partners, our existing or potential customers and partners may have significant leverage on pricing terms, exclusivity terms and other economic and noneconomic terms. This may harm our attempts to sell products at prices that reflect desired gross margins. In addition, the decision by a single or potential customer to choose not to purchase or abandon the use or development of a product may significantly harm both our financial results and the development track of one or more products.   
         
    We depend upon several sole-source and limited-source third-party suppliers.    
         
  We rely on certain suppliers as the sole-source, or as a primary source, of certain services, raw materials and other components of our products. We do not yet have long-term supply or service agreements engaged with any such suppliers. As a result, the providers of such services and components could terminate or alter the terms of service or supply with little or no advance notice. If our arrangements with any sole-source supplier were terminated, or if such a supplier failed to provide essential services or deliver essential components on a timely basis, failed to meet our product specifications and/or quality standards, or introduced unacceptable price increases, our production schedule would be delayed, possibly by as long as one year. Any such delay in our production schedule would result in delayed product delivery and may also result in additional production costs, customer losses and litigation.   
     
  An area in which our dependence upon a limited number of sources creates significant vulnerability is the manufacturing of our nLTO cells. As of the date hereof, we have one contract manufacturing source for our nLTO cells, and we are currently working with a second manufacturer to qualify their cells.  We have had quality issues with some of our past contract manufacturers. Our nLTO battery cells are the building blocks of all of our products (other than our nLTO powder). If we were to experience quality issues with any of our suppliers, we may be unable to meet our deadlines, or quality specifications, with respect to existing or future orders.  This would harm our reputation and our ability to grow our business.    

22

Our operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past and will continue to fluctuate in the future, which could cause our stock price to decline.     
     
  Our operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past, and we believe that they will continue to fluctuate in the future, due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. If in future periods our operating results do not meet the expectations of investors or analysts who choose to follow our company, the price of our shares of common stock may fall. Factors that may affect our operating results include the following:   

fluctuations in the size, quantity and timing of customer orders;     

timing of delivery of our services and products;     

additions of new customers or losses of existing customers;     

positive or negative business or financial developments announced by us or our key customers;     

our ability to commercialize and obtain orders for products we are developing;     

costs associated with developing our manufacturing capabilities;     

the retention of our key employees;     

new product announcements or introductions by our competitors or potential competitors;     

the effect of variations in the market price of our shares of common stock on our equity-based compensation expenses;     

disruptions in the supply of raw materials or components used in the manufacture of our products;     

the pace of adoption of regulation facilitating our ability to sell our products in our target markets;     

technology and intellectual property issues associated with our products;     

general political, social, geopolitical and economic trends and events; and     

availability of components sourced from Korea if tensions between North Korea and South Korea erupt into a greater military conflict.     

Our patents and other protective measures may not adequately protect our proprietary intellectual property.    
        
  We regard our intellectual property, particularly our proprietary rights in our nLTO technology, as critical to our success. We have received various patents, and filed other patent applications, for various applications and aspects of our nLTO technology and other intellectual property. Such patents and agreements and various other measures we take to protect our intellectual property from use by others may not be effective for various reasons, including the following:  

Our pending patent applications may not be granted for various reasons, including the existence of conflicting patents or defects in our applications, the existence of relevant prior art or the determination by an examiner that an invention was obvious to a person skilled in the art, whether or not there were other existing patents. Risks associated with patent applications are enhanced because patent applications of others remain confidential for a period of approximately 18 months after filing; as a result, our belief that we are the first creator of an invention or the first to patent it may prove incorrect, as information related to conflicting patents is first published or first brought to our attention;     

The patents we have been granted may be challenged, invalidated, narrowed or circumvented because of the pre-existence of similar patented or unpatented intellectual property rights or for other reasons;     

The patents we have been granted have a limited life span, and many will expired in the coming years and offer no legal protection to the technologies and processes described therein;     

The costs associated with enforcing patents, confidentiality and invention agreements or other intellectual property rights may make aggressive enforcement cost prohibitive;     

We have not filed for patent protection in many countries in which we are currently selling product or seek to sell product; as a result, we may be unable to prevent competitors in such markets from selling infringing products;     

Even if we enforce our rights aggressively, injunctions, fines and other penalties may be insufficient to deter violations of our intellectual property rights;      

Many of our key patents begin expiring in 2020; we may be unable to protect key proprietary rights after the expiration of key patents; and     

Other persons may independently develop proprietary information and techniques that, although functionally equivalent or superior to our intellectual proprietary information and techniques, do not breach proprietary rights.     

23

Our inability to protect our proprietary intellectual property rights or gain a competitive advantage from such rights could harm our ability to generate revenues and, as a result, our business and operations.   
     
    We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive, time consuming and involve adverse publicity and adverse results.    
     
   Competitors or others may infringe our patents. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file patent infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Interference proceedings brought by the United States Patent and Trademark Office may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patent applications. Litigation or interference proceedings may result in substantial costs and be a distraction to our management.   
     
   Because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. In addition, during the course of this litigation (even if ultimately successful), there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our shares of common stock.  
     
   In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover that technology. An adverse determination of any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing.  
     
  We may not prevail in any litigation or interference proceeding in which we are involved. Even if we do prevail, these proceedings can be expensive, result in adverse publicity and distract our management.  
     
    Other parties may bring intellectual property infringement claims against us, which would be time-consuming and expensive to defend, and if any of our products or processes is found to be infringing, we may not be able to procure licenses to use patents necessary to our business at reasonable terms, if at all.    
     
   Our success depends in part on avoiding the infringement of other parties  patents and proprietary rights. We may inadvertently infringe existing third-party patents or third-party patents issued on existing patent applications. Third party holders of such patents or patent applications could bring claims against us that, even if resolved in our favor, could cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if resolved against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. Under some circumstances in the United States, these damages could be triple the actual damages the patent holder incurs.   
     
  If we have supplied infringing products to third parties for marketing or licensed third parties to manufacture, use or market infringing products, we may be obligated to indemnify these third parties for any damages they may be required to pay to the patent holder and for any losses the third parties may sustain themselves as the result of lost sales or damages paid to the patent holder. In addition, we have, and may be required to, make representations as to our right to supply and/or license intellectual property and to our compliance with laws. Such representations are usually supported by indemnification provisions requiring us to defend our customers and otherwise make them whole if we license or supply products that infringe on third party technologies or violate government regulations. Further, if a patent infringement suit were brought against us, we and our customers, development partners and licensees could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales of products based on our technologies in the country or countries covered by the patent we infringe, unless we can obtain a license from the patent holder. Such a license may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, particularly if the third party is developing or marketing a product competitive with products based on our technologies. Even if we were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which would give our competitors access to the same intellectual property.  
     
  Any successful infringement action brought against us may also adversely affect marketing of products based on our technologies in other markets not covered by the infringement action. Furthermore, we may suffer adverse consequences from a successful infringement action against us even if the action is subsequently reversed on appeal, nullified through another action or resolved by settlement with the patent holder. As a result, any infringement action against us would likely harm our competitive position, be costly and require significant time and attention of our key management and technical personnel.  

24

We may be unable to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information.    
     
   We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary technologies, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. Trade secrets are difficult to protect, in particular with respect to a company controlled by a potential customer and competitor. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, contractors, consultants, outside scientific collaborators and other advisors to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. Parties to the confidentiality agreements may have such agreements declared unenforceable or, even if the agreements are enforceable, may breach such agreements. Remedies available in connection with the breach of such agreements may not be adequate, or enforcing such agreement may be cost prohibitive. Courts outside the United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets. In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets or independently develop processes or products that are similar or identical to our trade secrets. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection would harm our competitive business position.  
     
    If we are sued on a product liability claim, our insurance policies may not be sufficient.    
     
  Our insurance may not cover all potential types of product liability claims to which manufacturers are exposed or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. Any imposition of liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of our insurance coverage could harm our business, including our relationships with current customers and our ability to attract and retain new customers. In addition, if the liability were substantial relative to the size of our business, any uncovered liability could harm our liquidity and ability to continue as a going concern.   
     
    Laws regulating the manufacture or transportation of batteries have been and may be enacted which could impose additional costs that could harm our ability to be profitable.    
     
  International, federal, state and local laws regulate the storage, use and disposal of the component parts of our batteries in limited ways. However, laws and regulations may be enacted in the future which could impose environmental, health and safety controls on the storage, use and disposal of certain chemicals and metals used in the manufacture of lithium and lithium-ion batteries. Satisfying any future laws or regulations could require significant time and resources from our technical staff, including those related to possible redesign which may result in substantial expenditures and delays in the production of our product, all of which could harm our business and reduce our future profitability.  
     
  The transportation of lithium and lithium-ion batteries is regulated both domestically and internationally. Under recommendations adopted by the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ), our batteries and battery systems currently fall within the level such that they are not exempt and require a Class 9 designation for transportation. Future U.S, Chinese, international or IATA approval process and regulations could require significant time and resources from out technical staff and, if redesign were necessary, could delay the introduction of new products.   

If our warranty expense estimates differ materially from our actual claims, or if we are unable to estimate future warranty expense for new products, our business and financial results could be harmed.    
     
  Our warranty for our products ranges from one to three years from the date of sale, depending on the type of product and its application. We expect that in the future some of our warranties may extend for longer periods. Because our supply arrangements are negotiated, the scope of our product warranties differ substantially depending upon the product, the purchaser and the intended use; however, we have granted and may grant broad warranties, addressing such issues as leakage, cycle life and decline in power. We have a limited product history on which to base our warranty estimates. Because of the limited operating history of our batteries and battery systems, our management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding a number of factors, including anticipated rate of warranty claims, the durability and reliability of our products, and service delivery costs. Our assumptions could prove to be materially different from the actual performance of our batteries and battery systems, which could cause us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective products in the future and may exceed expected levels against which we have reserved. If our estimates prove incorrect, we could be required to accrue additional expenses from the time we realize our estimates are incorrect and also face a significant unplanned cash burden at the time our customers make a warranty claim, which could harm our operating results.  

25

In addition, with our new products and products that remain under development, we will be required to base our warranty estimates on historical experience of similar products, testing of our batteries under laboratory conditions and limited performance information learned during our development activities with the customer. As a result, actual warranty claims may be significantly different from our estimates and our financial results could vary significantly from period-to-period.  

Product liability or other claims could cause us to incur losses or damage our reputation.    
     
  The risk of product liability claims and associated adverse publicity is inherent in the development, manufacturing and sale of batteries and battery systems. Certain materials we use in our batteries, as well as our battery systems, could, if used improperly, cause injuries to others. Improperly charging or discharging our batteries could cause fires, as could a puncture, collision or other event. Any accident involving our batteries or other products could decrease or even eliminate demand for our products. Because some of our batteries are designed to be used in electric and hybrid EV Buses, and because vehicle accidents can cause injury to persons and damage to property, we are subject to a risk of claims for such injuries and damages. In addition, we could be harmed by adverse publicity resulting from problems or accidents caused by third party products that incorporate our batteries. We could even be harmed by problems or accidents involving competing battery systems if the market viewed our batteries as being vulnerable to similar problems. Any such claims, loss of customers or reputation harm would harm our financial results and ability to continue as a going concern.   
         
    Continuing adverse economic conditions could reduce, or delay demand for our products.    
       
  The financial markets and general economic conditions are still relatively weak in certain geographic markets worldwide. Our products are targeted primarily at large power producers worldwide bus manufacturers and other industrial parties. Due to economic factors, companies and government agencies in some of our target markets have reduced, delayed or eliminated many research and development initiatives, including those related to energy storage. This reduction or delay in development spending by targeted key customers is hindering our development and production efforts and will continue to do so until development spending increases from current depressed levels.   
     
    The commercialization of many of our products is dependent upon the efforts of commercial partners and other third parties over which we have no or little control.     
     
  The commercialization of our principal products requires the cooperation and efforts of commercial partners and customers. For example, because completion and testing of our large-scale stationary batteries for power suppliers requires input from utilities and connection to a power network, commercialization of such batteries can only be done in conjunction with a power or utility company. The commercialization of transportation and other applications of our technology are also dependent, in part, upon the expertise, resources and efforts of our commercial partners. This presents certain risks, including the following:  

we may not be able to enter into development, licensing, supply and other agreements with commercial partners with appropriate resources, technology and expertise on reasonable terms or at all;     

our commercial partners may not place the same priority on a project as we do, may fail to honor contractual commitments, may not have the level of resources, expertise, market strength or other characteristics necessary for the success of the project, may dedicate only limited resources to, and/or may abandon, a development project for reasons, including reasons such as a shift in corporate focus, unrelated to its merits;     

our commercial partners may be in the early stages of development and may not have sufficient liquidity to invest in joint development projects, expand their businesses and purchase our products as expected or honor contractual commitments;     

our commercial partners may terminate joint testing, development or marketing projects on the merits of the projects for various reasons, including determinations that a project is not feasible, cost-effective or likely to lead to a marketable end product;     

26

our commercial partners may not protect our intellectual property adequately or they may infringe our intellectual property rights;     

at various stages in the testing, development, marketing or production process, we may have disputes with our commercial partners, which may inhibit development, lead to an abandonment of the project or have other negative consequences; and     

even if the commercialization and marketing of jointly developed products is successful, our revenue share may be limited and may not exceed our associated development and operating costs.     
        
  As a result of the actions or omissions of our commercial partners, or our inability to identify and enter into suitable arrangements with qualified commercial partners, we may be unable to commercialize apparently viable products on a timely and cost-effective basis, or at all.   
         
    Interest in our     nLTO     batteries is affected by energy supply and pricing, political events, popular consciousness and other factors over which we have no control.     
     
  Currently, our marketing and development efforts for our batteries and battery materials are focused primarily on stationary power and transportation applications. In the transportation market, batteries containing our nLTO materials are designed to replace or supplement gasoline and diesel engines. In the stationary power applications, our batteries are designed to conserve and regulate the stable supply of electricity, including from renewable source, and to displace coal, gas and diesel generators used in frequency regulation. The interest of our potential customers and business partners in our products and services is affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including:  

economic conditions and capital financing and liquidity constraints;     

short-term and long-term trends in the supply and price of natural gas, gasoline, diesel, coal and other fuels;     

the anticipated or actual granting or elimination by governments of tax and other financial incentives favoring electric or hybrid electric vehicles and renewable energy production;     

the ability of the various regulatory bodies to define the rules and procedures under which this new technology can be deployed into the electric grid;      

the anticipated or actual funding, or elimination of funding, for programs that support renewable energy programs and electric grid improvements;      

changes in public and investor interest for financial and/or environmental reasons, in supporting or adopting alternatives to gasoline and diesel for transportation and other purposes;      

the overall economic environment and the availability of credit to assist customers in purchasing our large battery systems;     

the expansion or contraction of private and public research and development budgets as a result of global and U.S. economic trends; and     

the speed of incorporation of renewable energy generating sources into the electric grid.     

Adverse trends in one or more of these factors may inhibit our ability to commercialize our products and expand revenues from our battery materials and batteries.   

Our competitors may have more resources than we do, and may be supported by more prominent partners, which may give them a competitive advantage.     
     
  We have limited financial, personnel and other resources and, because of our early stage of development, have limited access to capital. We compete or may compete against entities that are much larger than we are, have more extensive resources than we do and have an established reputation and operating history. In addition, certain of our competitors may be partnered with, associated with or supported by larger business or financial partners. This may increase their ability to raise capital, attract media attention, develop products and attract customers. Because of their size, resources, reputation and history (or that of their business and financial partners), certain of our competitors may be able to exploit acquisition, development and joint venture opportunities more rapidly, easily or thoroughly than we can. In addition, potential customers may choose to do business with our more established competitors, without regard to the comparative quality of our products, because of their perception that our competitors are more stable, are more likely to complete various projects, are more likely to continue as a going concern and lend greater credibility to any joint venture.   

27

As manufacturing becomes a larger part of our operations, we will become exposed to accompanying risks and liabilities.     
     
  In-house and outsourced manufacturing is becoming an increasingly significant part of our business. As a result, we expect to become increasingly subject to various risks associated with the manufacturing and supply of products, including the following:  

If we fail to supply products in accordance with contractual terms, including terms related to time of delivery and performance specifications, we may be required to repair or replace defective products and may become liable for direct, special, consequential and other damages, even if manufacturing or delivery was outsourced;     

Raw materials used in the manufacturing process, labor and other key inputs may become scarce and expensive, causing our costs to exceed cost projections and associated revenues;     

Manufacturing processes typically involve large machinery, fuels and chemicals, any or all of which may lead to accidents involving bodily harm, destruction of facilities and environmental contamination and associated liabilities;     

As our manufacturing operations expand, we expect that a significant portion of our manufacturing will be done overseas, either by third-party contractors or in a plant owned by the Company. Any manufacturing done overseas presents risks associated with quality control, currency exchange rates, foreign laws and customs, timing and loss risks associated with overseas transportation and potential adverse changes in the political, legal and social environment in the host county; and     

We have made, and may be required to make, representations as to our right to supply and/or license intellectual property and to our compliance with laws. Such representations are usually supported by indemnification provisions requiring us to defend our customers and otherwise make them whole if we license or supply products that infringe on third-party technologies or violate government regulations.     

Any failure to adequately manage risks associated with the manufacture and supply of materials and products could lead to losses (or smaller than anticipated gross profits) from that segment of our business and/or significant liabilities, which would harm our business, operations and financial condition.   

Our past and future operations may lead to substantial environmental liability.    
     
  Virtually any prior or future production of our nanomaterials and titanium dioxide pigment technology is subject to federal, state and local environmental laws. Under such laws, we may be jointly and severally liable with prior property owners for the treatment, cleanup, remediation and/or removal of any hazardous substances discovered at any property we use. In addition, courts or government agencies may impose liability for, among other things, the improper release, discharge, storage, use, disposal or transportation of hazardous substances. If we incur any significant environmental liabilities, our ability to execute our business plan and our financial condition would be harmed.  
         
    Certain of our experts and directors reside in China and may be able to avoid civil liability.     
     
  A majority of our directors reside outside the United States, primarily in China. As a result, investors may be unable to effect service of process upon such persons within the United States and may be unable to enforce court judgments against such persons predicated upon civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws. It is uncertain whether Chinese courts would enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or such directors, officers or experts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws or impose liability in original actions against us or our directors, officers or experts predicated upon U.S. securities laws.  

28

We are dependent on key personnel.     
     
  Our continued success will depend, to a significant extent, on the services of our executive management team and certain key scientists and engineers. We do not have key man insurance on any of these individuals. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, turnover in key positions, which could result in the loss of company-specific knowledge, experience and expertise. The loss or unavailability of any or all of these individuals could harm our ability to execute our business plan, maintain important business relationships and complete certain product development initiatives, which would harm our business.  
     
    We may issue substantial amounts of additional shares without stockholder approval.     
     
  Our articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of 200 million shares of common stock that may be issued without any action or approval by our stockholders. In addition, we have various stock option plans that have potential for diluting the ownership interests of our stockholders. The issuance of any additional shares of common stock would further dilute the percentage ownership of our company held by existing stockholders.  
       
    The market price of our shares of common stock is highly volatile and may increase or decrease dramatically at any time.    
     
  The market price of our shares of common stock is highly volatile. Our stock price may change dramatically as the result of announcements of product developments, new products or innovations by us or our competitors, uncertainty regarding the viability of our technology or our product initiatives, significant customer contracts, significant litigation, regulatory or legal issues, being delisted from an exchange, our liquidity situation, revenues or losses, or other factors or events that would be expected to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.   
     
  The market price for our shares of common stock may be affected by various factors not directly related to our business or future prospects, including the following:   

intentional manipulation of our stock price by existing or future shareholders or a reaction by investors to trends in our stock rather than the fundamentals of our business;     

a single acquisition or disposition, or several related acquisitions or dispositions, of a large number of our shares, including by short sellers covering their position;     

the interest of the market in our business sector, without regard to our financial condition, results of operations or business prospects;     

positive or negative statements or projections about our company or our industry, by analysts, stock gurus and other persons;     

the adoption of governmental regulations or government grant programs and similar developments in the United States or abroad that may enhance or detract from our ability to offer our products and services or affect our cost structure; and     

economic and other external market factors, such as a general decline in market prices due to poor economic conditions, investor distrust or a financial crisis.     

If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our shares of common stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline.    
       
  The trading market for our shares of common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our shares of common stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our shares of common stock would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us cease coverage of our company or fails to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial market, which in turn could cause the price or trading volume of our shares of common stock to decline.   

29

We have never declared a cash dividend and do not intend to declare a cash dividend in the foreseeable future.     
     
  We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our shares of common stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings, if any, for use in our business and, therefore, do not anticipate paying dividends on our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future.    

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   
     
  None.  

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES   
     
  Our U.S. Corporate Headquarters is located at 204 Edison Way, Reno, Nevada 89502, in a building we purchased in August 2002 which is approximately 79,392 square feet on 6.773 acres of land. In the building we continue to use laboratory space and equipment for testing nLTO manufactured at our location in Wu an, China to provide quality control analysis. We utilize about 21,000 square feet of space, including offices, in this building. We currently lease, to a short term tenant, approximately 10,000 square feet of warehouse space in our building at $2,500 per month.  
     
  On January 27, 2015, we entered into a Client NNN Lease (the  Lease ) with Flagship Enterprise Center, Inc.  Under the Lease, the Company will continue to lease the 70,000 square feet of space it currently occupies in Anderson, Indiana. The initial term of the Lease begins July 1, 2015 and expires June 30, 2017. Lease renewal options will be negotiated no less than six (6) months prior to the expiration of this lease. Annual rent under the two (2) year lease is $262,500 plus $1,680 in IT fees, plus utilities and maintenance. The majority of the space was used for the production of prototype batteries and battery systems until December 31, 2015. The rest of the space is used for office space to provide technical engineering and support services, primarily to our China entities.  Effective May 1 2016, we agreed to pay $140,000 as a payment to terminate this lease with an effective date of May 31, 2016. We have been granted use of the office space from the termination date, at no additional charge, until the landlord finds a new tenant. The landlord will give the Company thirty days notice at their discretion. The Company expects to find new office space for the current employees in the general Anderson, Indiana area at a reduced rate and space requirement by the end of the second quarter of 2017.   
     
  In 2012, Northern Altair acquired land use rights in Altair New Energy Industrial Park, Wu an city, Hebei Province, China. In the New Energy Industrial Park, Northern Altair has purchased the right to use approximately 138.3 acres of land for approximately $28.12 million, consisting of five parcels of useable land use rights for a lifespan of 50 years each. In addition we have agreed to invest a minimum of $314.85 million on fixed asset investments with respect to such land use rights. We have built four factory buildings and an office building totaling a gross area of approximately 613,457 square feet. Included in the 613,457 square feet is approximately 54,820 square feet of employee housing and a new building being constructed with approximately 192,029 square feet of floor area. The factory buildings are being used for production, laboratories, testing and storage.  

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

We are involved in certain legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. Material legal proceedings that are currently pending are as follows:  
     
    In re Altair Nanotechnologies Securities Litigation,    1:14-cv-07828 (S.D.N.Y.) : On September 26, 2014, a shareholder of the Company filed a putative class action against the Company and certain of its current and former officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. An amended complaint was filed on July 21, 2015. The lawsuit alleged violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based upon statements made between May 15, 2013 and September 4, 2014, inclusive, regarding the Company s financial statements and internal controls.  Plaintiff sought unspecified monetary damages on behalf of the alleged class, as well as interest, and attorney s fees and costs of litigation. On November 30, 2015, the parties executed a Stipulation of Settlement, without defendants admitting liability.  Pursuant to the Stipulation of Settlement, in exchange for a release from liability, defendants agreed to pay $1.5 million to be distributed among the putative class members in a manner determined by the Court.  In December 2015, the Company accrued $600,000 for the remainder of the insurance policy deductible and paid the liability in April 2016. The Court approved the settlement and dismissed the action on June 17, 2016.   

30

In re Altair Nanotechnologies Shareholder Derivative Litigation,    1:14-cv-09418, 1:14-cv-09958 (S.D.N.Y.) : In late 2014, two shareholder derivative actions were filed against certain current and former officers and directors of the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.  Altair was named as a nominal defendant. The two cases, which were consolidated on May 15, 2015, allege violations of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as breaches of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment based on substantially the same facts underlying the putative securities litigation. In July 2016, certain parties executed a stipulation of settlement, without defendants admitting liability, whereby Altair agreed to adopt certain governance proposals and pay an amount not exceeding $150,000 in plaintiffs  attorneys  fees and expenses. The court entered an order preliminarily approving the settlement on August 22, 2016, and has scheduled a settlement hearing for January 9, 2017.  If the settlement receives final approval, this action will be dismissed in its entirety.  Notice of the proposed settlement is available on Altair s website.  A summary notice has also been published online.     
     
    In the Matter of Altair Nanotechnologies, Inc.   (LA-4452): In or around January 2015, SEC opened an investigation into the resignation of Crowe Horwath LLP ( Crowe ) as Altair s independent auditor in August 2014.  As part of its investigation, the SEC issued several subpoenas to the Company and its current and former officers relating to Crowe s resignation and a Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 13, 2015.  On May 4, 2016, the SEC sent Altair a Wells Notice identifying possible violations of Sections 13(a) and 13(b)(2)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 thereunder.  On August 29, 2016, the Company made an offer of settlement to the SEC whereby it consented to the entry of an order, without admitting or denying the findings therein except as to the SEC s jurisdiction, that the Company:  (i) cease and desist from committing or causing violations of Sections 13(a) and 13(b)(2)B) of the Exchange Act and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 thereunder; (ii) make certain filings with the SEC by November 15, 2016 or have the registration of its securities under the Exchange Act revoked; and (iii) pay a civil money penalty in the amount of $250,000 within 10 days of the entry of the order.  Such offer of settlement was accepted by the SEC and resulted in a Release No. 78997 dated September 29, 2016 with respect to the same. In August 2016, the Company accrued $250,000 and deposited the funds into escrow which was paid from escrow to the SEC in October 2016.  

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.   
     
  Not applicable.  

31

PART II   
       
   ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE COMPANY S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
     
   Market Price   
     
  Our shares of common stock are currently traded on the OTCBB. On September 15, 2014, we notified the Nasdaq Stock Market that the Company is withdrawing the listing of its common stock, $.001 par value, from the Nasdaq Stock Market. After this date, our stock traded on the OTCBB under the symbol "ALTI."  The following table sets forth, during the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices for our shares of common stock, as reported on our principal trading market.  

Outstanding Shares and Number of Shareholders   
     
  As of November 15, 2016, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was 11,606,735 held by approximately 361 holders of record.    
     
   Dividends   
     
  We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future and currently intend to retain any future earnings to support the development and expansion of our business. The declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and to certain limitations imposed under Nevada statutes. The timing, amount and form of dividends, if any, will depend upon, among other things, our results of operation, financial condition, cash requirements, and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.  
     
   Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans   
     
  We have stock option plans administered by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors that provide for the granting of options to employees, officers, directors and other service providers of the Company.  Security holders have approved all option plans.  See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere herein this Form 10-K. In addition, as of the same date, we have reserved 330,555 shares of common stock for issuance upon exercise of options that have been, or may be, granted under our employee stock option plans and 412,776 shares of common stock for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants.  

32

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities   
     
  Except as previously reported, we did not sell any securities in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 .      
     
   Transfer Agent and Registrar   
     
  The Transfer Agent and Registrar for our shares of common stock is Computershare, 8742 Lucent Boulevard, Suite 225, Highlands Ranch, CO 80129.  

ITEM 6.        Selected Financial Data.    
     
  Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.  

ITEM 7.     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
     
   Forward-Looking Statements   
     
   The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Comprehensive Report on Form 10-K (this  Comprehensive Report ).   
     
   This Comprehensive Report contains various forward-looking statements. Such statements can be identified by the use of the forward-looking words  anticipate,   estimate,   project,   likely,   believe,   intend,   expect,  or similar words. These statements discuss future expectations, contain projections regarding future developments, operations, or financial conditions, or state other forward-looking information. When considering such forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors noted under  Risk Factors  above under Item 1A and other cautionary statements throughout this Comprehensive Report and our other filings with the SEC. You should also keep in mind that all forward-looking statements are based on management s existing beliefs about present and future events outside of management s control and on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. If one or more risks identified in this Comprehensive Report or any other applicable filings materializes, or any other underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected, or intended.   
     
   The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.    
     
   The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.   
     
   Overview   
     
  We are a Delaware corporation that develops, manufactures and sells nano lithium titanate batteries and energy storage systems. Our nano lithium titanate battery systems offer higher power density, longer cycle life, rapid charge and discharge capabilities, a wider operating temperature range and higher levels of safety than conventional lithium-ion batteries. We target applications that effectively utilize the key attributes of our technology, and these applications can be found primarily in the electric grid, transportation (commercial vehicles), and industrial market segments.  
     
  In April 2012, we formed Altair Nanotechnologies (China) Co., Ltd. ( Altair China ) and Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. ( Northern Altair ) in order to aggregate key elements of our supply chain and expand into the Chinese market. In January 2014, our Board of Directors approved plans to consolidate all U.S. manufacturing operations and transition manufacturing to Wu an, China. We plan to continue to retain engineering, research and development, sales and marketing, and support capabilities in the U.S. Effective in early 2016, the majority of our principal assets and operations are now located in China.  

33

In 2013, we transferred the production of our nLTO material to the New Energy Industrial Park in Wu an city, Hebei province, China. We built, installed and further improved the manufacturing of our nLTO. In 2013, a 150 metric ton per year manufacturing line was completed and put into production as our phase one nLTO production line. In the same year, to meet the high demand of Lithium batteries in the China market, we completed the business process of sourcing the equipment to be procured for the phase two nLTO production line, under the joint efforts of the Altair U.S. and Altair China teams. This nLTO line was put into production in fourth quarter of 2015 and has reached an annual production capacity of 2,250 metric tons during 2016, with an expected annual capacity of 3,000 metric tons  . We built a phase three nLTO production line and it was completed and installed in the fourth quarter of 2016 with an annual production capacity of 3,500 metric tons.  
     
  In January 2014, our Board of Directors approved plans to consolidate all U.S. manufacturing operations and transition manufacturing to Wu an, China. We plan to continue to retain engineering, research and development, sales and marketing, and support capabilities in the U.S. The majority of our principal assets and operations are now located in China.  
     
  In 2014, in order to further cut the cost of our products, improve product chain management efficiencies, and effectively serve the large market in China, we built two battery module production lines with a total capacity of approximately 6,000 modules per year. In the first quarter of 2016, we transferred the U.S. module production line to China. We are expecting the three battery module production lines to reach a total capacity of 9,000 modules per year during the fourth quarter of 2016.   
     
  We have completed the technology and production validation of our Gen 4 modules with China produced nLTO and China made module parts. The Gen 2 modules will still be available in 2016. Both Gen 2 and Gen 4 products have passed the United Nations ( UN ), International Standards Organization ( ISO ), SAE International ( SAE ) and International Electrochemical Commission ( IEC ) testing and reports are being generated by T V S D ( TUV ). TUV, a German based company, has a test facility in China and results are generally accepted by the UN and U.S. In December 2015, our battery module production line in the U.S. was discontinued. We were able to maintain a very stable period of time overlapping production while transferring the battery module production from the U.S. to China, without any impact on customer order delivery. Our battery modules have been generally used in EV Buses, trolley buses and hoisting equipment in the Europe and the U.S markets. Our OEM cell producer s capacity can reach 70,000 Altair format cells per year. Sometime in the near future, we expect to validate another OEM cell producer to reduce dependency on one supplier, which will provide competition between suppliers and reduce costs for Altair.   
     
  We plan on building and validating ALTI-ESS production capabilities in China and export them to Europe, the U.S. and to other countries of the world.   
     
  We now have a battery management system ( BMS ) distribution center in Europe to provide improved efficiency and timely delivery of our supply of the BMS units to our European customers. Our BMS supplier has a production base in China, which we believe will meet the demand of the China market.   
     
  By building manufacturing and assembly facilities in Wu an, China for our nLTO material, battery cells and modules, and soon our energy storage systems, we have centered the whole supply chain in China. In adopting this strategy, we expect to significantly reduce costs, shorten lead times, reduce cash flow pressures, improve the quality and production management efficiency and increase our profit.   
     
   Critical Accounting Policies   
     
  This  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  section is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires that we make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net sales and expenses and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including, but not limited to, those related to inventories, financial guaranty, long term payable, refundable security deposit, income taxes, accounts receivable allowance, fair value of derivatives, stock based compensation and reserve for warranty claims. We base our estimates on historical experience, performance metrics and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results will differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  

34

Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 3, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Comprehensive Report. We believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require our most difficult subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We have reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with the audit committee of our board of directors.  
     
    Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions    
     
  The consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars. The functional currency for the subsidiaries in China is the Chinese Yuan or RMB. Assets and liabilities are translated to the reporting currency at exchange rates on the balance sheet dates, revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the period, and equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates. Any resulting translation adjustments are not included in determining net income (loss) but are included in other comprehensive income (loss). Gains or losses on transactions denominated in a currency other than the subsidiaries  functional currency which arise as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates are recorded as foreign exchange gain or loss in the statements of operations.  
     
    Inventory     
     
  The Company values its inventories generally at the lower of cost or market price. Market price is based on estimated selling prices less any further costs expected to be incurred for completion and disposal.  
     
  For the U.S. operations, the cost of raw materials and finished goods is determined on a first-in, first-out method and finished goods is comprised of direct materials, direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.   
     
  For the China operations, the cost of nLTO materials is determined on a weighted average method and finished goods is comprised of direct materials, direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.   
     
  The allocation of fixed and variable overhead is reviewed every three months and are recorded to inventory based on normal capacity.  
     
  Inventory reserves are provided to cover risks arising from slow-moving items. The Company writes down the inventory for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based on assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Any idle facility costs or excessive spoilage are recorded as current period charges.   

Long-Lived Assets    
     
  The Company evaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable.  The carrying value of long-lived assets are considered impaired when the total projected undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset are less than the carrying value.  The Company s estimates of cash flows are based on the information available at the time including the following:  internal budgets; sales forecasts; customer trends; anticipated production volumes; and market conditions over an estimate of the remaining useful life of the asset which may range from 3 to 10 years for most equipment and up to 30 years for building and related building improvements.  If impairment is indicated, the asset value is written down to its estimated fair value. Events or circumstances that could indicate the existence of a possible impairment include obsolescence of the technology, an absence of market demand for the product or the assets used to produce it, a history of operating or cash flow losses and/or the partial or complete lapse of technology rights protection.  
     
  Included in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2015 is an impairment charge of $0.65 million related to the write-down to fair market value for an asset that was leased to a customer under an operating lease. The asset was sold at a lower price than net book value in January 2016. No impairment was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012.  

35

Property, plant and equipment    
     
  Property, plant and equipment held and used and held and not used are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the following useful lives:   

Building and improvements (years)   
 
   20   
 
  -   
 
  30    

Machinery and equipment (years)   
 
  5   
 
  -   
 
  10    

Furniture, office equipment and others (years)   
 
  3   
 
  -   
 
  7    

Leased asset (years)   
    
 10 

Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term. Construction in progress is related to the construction or development of property (including land) and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for our intended use. Depreciation for equipment commences once it is placed in service and depreciation for buildings and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land is not depreciated. Construction in progress represents capital expenditures for direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred, and the interest expenses directly related to the construction. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. Construction in progress is not depreciated.  
     
    Impairment    
     
  During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company incurred an impairment of $0.65 million related to the write-down to fair market value for an asset that was leased to a customer under an operating lease. The asset was sold at a lower price than net book value in January 2016. No impairment was recognized upon estimations for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.   
     
    Patents    
     
  Patents are related to the Company s nanoparticle production technology and stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is recorded using the straight-line method.   
     
    Land use rights     
     
  Land use rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortization.  Amortization is recorded using the straight-line method over their 50 year useful lives. All land in China is owned by the Chinese government. The government in China, according to law, may sell the right to use the land for a specified period of time. Thus, all of the Company s land purchases in China are considered to be leasehold land under lease and are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and any recognized impairment loss.   
     
    Revenue Recognition           
     
  The Company generates its revenues primarily from four sources; (1) nLTO related product sales, (2) Energy storage systems (referred to as  ESS  or by our brand name  ALTI-ESS ), (3) Collaborations and (4) License fees. The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or service has been performed, the fee is fixed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.   
     
  Revenue from nLTO related product sales, commercial collaborations and license fees is recognized upon delivery of the product, unless specific contractual terms dictate otherwise.   
     
  Revenue from ESS projects is recognized using the Completion Method under the long-term contract accounting. The Company recognizes the full amount of revenue from long-term contracts, defined as contracts longer than twelve months, upon completion, delivery and written acceptance received from the customer. All contract costs incurred are included in the balance sheet as deferred costs until the related revenue is recognized. At each reporting date, the Company reviews its long term contracts to determine if revenue from contracts are expected to exceed the related estimated total costs. In the cases where estimated costs will exceed revenues, the Company recognizes as an expense in cost of goods sold the full amount of the estimated costs above the contract revenue value. Cash received in advance relating to the future performance of services, deliveries of products and/or long term contracts are deferred until the performance of the service is completed, the product is shipped, and/or the contract is completed and accepted by the customer.  

36

Grant Incentives    
     
  Grant incentives were obtained from the Wu an China Government to be used for construction, purchases of equipment and other expenditures for the nLTO manufacturing facility. The amount received is included in the balance sheet as deferred income and is recognized in the statement of operations as other income over the useful life of the related assets upon placing such assets into service. In all cases, grants are recognized as other income when there is a reasonable assurance that the Company has complied with the conditions attaching to them.  
     
    Comprehensive Income (Loss)    
       
  Recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses are included in net income or loss. Although certain changes in assets and liabilities are reported as separate components of the equity section of the consolidated balance sheet, such items, along with net income or loss, are components of comprehensive income or loss. The components of other comprehensive income or loss are consisted solely of foreign currency translation adjustments.  
       
    Net Loss per Common Share     
       
  Basic loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the period.  Potentially dilutive shares consist of the incremental shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants.  Potentially dilutive shares are excluded from the computation if their effect is anti-dilutive. The Company had a net loss for all periods presented herein; therefore, none of the stock options and warrants outstanding during each of the periods presented were included in the computation of diluted loss per share as they were anti-dilutive. Stock options and warrants can exercise a total amount of common stock for 445,820, 455,979, 459,423 and 667,745 shares as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, were excluded from the calculations of diluted loss per share.  

Income Taxes           
         
  The provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach, the provision for income taxes represents income taxes paid or payable (or received or receivable) for the current year plus the change in deferred taxes during the year. Deferred taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered or paid, and result from differences between the financial and tax bases of the Company s assets and liabilities and are adjusted for changes in tax rates and tax laws when enacted.  
     
  Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. In evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management considers all potential sources of taxable income, including income available in carryback periods, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, projections of taxable income, and income from tax planning strategies, as well as all available positive and negative evidence. Positive evidence includes factors such as a history of profitable operations, projections of future profitability within the carryforward period, including from tax planning strategies, and the Company s experience with similar operations. Existing favorable contracts and the ability to sell products into established markets are additional positive evidence. Negative evidence includes items such as cumulative losses, projections of future losses, or carryforward periods that are not long enough to allow for the utilization of a deferred tax asset based on existing projections of income. Deferred tax assets for which no valuation allowance is recorded may not be realized upon changes in facts and circumstances, resulting in a future charge to establish a valuation allowance.  
     
  Tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more likely than not threshold. Otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively settled, which means that the statute of limitation has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed their examination even though the statute of limitations remains open. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized as part of the provision for income taxes and are accrued beginning in the period that such interest and penalties would be applicable under relevant tax law until such time that the related tax benefits are recognized. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2009.  

37

Segment reporting   
     
  Segment information is consistent with how chief operating decision maker reviews the businesses, makes investing and resource allocation decisions and assesses operating performance. Transfers and sales between reportable segments, if any, are recorded at cost.  
     
  The Company reported financial and operating information in the following two segments as of December 31, 2012:  

(a)   
 
   Power and Energy Group (PEG) segment   The PEG segment is the Company s current and future focus for corporate development. The PEG segment develops, produces, and sells nLTO related battery systems   ESS systems.      

(b)   
 
   The All Others group consists of the remaining portions of the previous Life Sciences and Performance Materials groups.      
       
  As of September 30, 2013, Chief Operating Decision Maker decided to combine both segments into the PEG segment because resource allocation and performance assessment would be concentrated as one operating level.   
     
    Litigation Matters     
       
  For asserted claims and assessments, liabilities are recorded when an unfavorable outcome of a matter is deemed to be probable and the loss is reasonably estimable. Management determines the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome based on many factors such as the nature of the matter, available defenses and case strategy, progress of the matter, views and opinions of legal counsel and other advisors, applicability and success of appeals processes, and the outcome of similar historical matters, among others. Once an unfavorable outcome is deemed probable, management weighs the probability of estimated losses, and the most reasonable loss estimate is recorded. If an unfavorable outcome of a matter is deemed to be reasonably possible, but not probable, then the matter is disclosed and no liability is recorded. With respect to unasserted claims or assessments, management must first determine that the probability that an assertion will be made is likely, then, a determination as to the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to reasonably estimate the potential loss is made. Legal matters are reviewed on a continuous basis to determine if there has been a change in management s judgment regarding the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome or the estimate of a potential loss.  
       
    Accrued Warranty Expense    
       
  The Company s U.S operation provides a three-year limited warranty for battery packs and energy storage systems sold. While the Company s China operation offers a limited one-year warranty on energy storage systems. A liability is recorded for estimated warranty obligations at the date products are sold.  The estimated cost of warranty coverage is based on historical experience with cell and module life cycle testing.  As additional actual historical data is collected on the new product, the estimated cost of warranty coverage will be adjusted accordingly.  The liability for estimated warranty obligations may also be adjusted based on specific warranty issues identified.    
     
   Results of Operations   
     
    The following summarizes our revenue, operating expenses, and net loss for all periods presented below. You should read the following in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, including quarterly information, presented elsewhere in this Comprehensive Report. The Power and Energy Group develops, produces, sells battery systems and nLTO materials.  The All Others group consists of the remaining portions of the previous Life Sciences and Performance Materials groups.  At the end of 2012, Management completed a thorough review of operations and strategies and determined that it was in the best interests of the shareholders of the Company to focus primarily on the Power and Energy Group.  As a result of this assessment resources devoted to the Performance Materials Group and Life Sciences Group were considerably reduced and no new development is being pursued in those areas by the Company.  

38

The table below sets forth line items from the Company s audited consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands):   

Year Ended December 31, 2015 compared with Year Ended December 31, 2014   
     
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015 were $14.28 million, an increase of $7.54 million or 112% from $6.74 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase was primarily related to China operations which is caused by a significant increase in sales of nLTO materials to related parties. The U.S. operation revenue increased minimally by $1.79 million due to recognition of a long term project, offset by lower sales of nLTO related product.  
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $14.03 million, an increase of $7.41 million or 112% from $6.62 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase was primarily related to $6.20 million increase in China operations due to the increased sales of nLTO. The cost of goods sold in the U.S. operations increased by $1.21million mainly due to the recognition of deferred costs associated with the completion of a long term project and offset by lower product costs as a result of lower product sales.  
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs decreased by $0.27 million, or 25%, to $0.81 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 from $1.08 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The decrease was related mainly to lower salaries and benefits expense due to lower headcount at our U.S. facilities.  

39

Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.23 million, or 37%, to $0.86 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 from $0.63 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase was mainly attributable to the China operations which sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.27 million. The increase was primarily caused by advertising expenses due to expansion in marketing activities during the year ended December 31, 2015. The sales and marketing expense in the U.S. operations decreased by $0.04 million due to lower headcount in the sales team as we shifted our operation focus to China.   
     
   General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses increased $3.58 million, or 44%, to $11.71 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 from $8.13 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase was attributable to the China operations which general and administrative expenses increased by $3.63 million due to increased headcount in China and increased legal fees due to a SEC investigation and other litigations. The general and administrative expense in the U.S. operations decreased by $0.05 million due to the net effect of lower operating expenses as we shifted our operation focus to China.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  The consolidated depreciation and amortization decreased by $0.29 million, or 16%, to $1.56 million in 2015 from $1.85 million in 2014. The decrease was primarily related to the portion of fixed assets that were fully depreciated and the fixed assets scrapped during the year ended December 31, 2014.  
     
  ( Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets:  The consolidated loss on disposal of fixed assets increased by $0.05 million, or 54%, to $0.14 million in 2015 from $0.09 million in 2014. This was primarily due to less proceeds received on the fixed assets sold in the U.S. during the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014.  
     
   Impairment:  The Company incurred $0.65 million of impairment expense     related to the write-down to fair market value for an asset during the year ended December 31, 2015 that was leased to a customer under an operating lease in January 2016. No impairment incurred during the year ended December 31, 2014.  
     
   Interest (expense), net:  The consolidated interest (expense), net decreased to $2.53 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 from $6.14 million for the year ended December 31, 2014, a decrease of $3.61 million or 59%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the China operations which interest expense decreased by $3.54 million due to the aggregate payoff of $21.00 million outstanding loan and the capitalization of interest during the construction period of new fixed assets. The interest expense in the U.S. operations also decreased by $0.07 million due to lower loan balances.  
     
   Change in fair value of warrants:  The value of warrants that were previously issued were re-measured at the end of every reporting period with the change in fair value recognized as a gain or loss in our statement of operations. During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded a gain of $5 thousand and $344 thousand, respectively, due to the change in the fair value of the warrants.  
     
   Gain (loss) on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency were $1 thousand and $15 thousand during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.   
     
   Other income - buses:  Other income - buses decreased to $11.42 million in 2015 from $28.28 million in 2014, a decrease of $16.86 million or 60%. The decrease was mainly due to the number of buses sold decreased to 75 during the year ended December 31, 2015 from 153 during the same period in 2014.   
     
   Other expenses - buses:  Other expenses - buses decreased to $13.55 million in 2015 from $27.55 million in 2014, a decrease of $14.00 million or 8%. The decrease was contributed by $9.20 million decrease in bus cost by 75 buses sold and $4.80 million decrease in other expenses related to buses during the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to same period in 2014.  
     
   Other income:  Other income amounted to $0.64 million and $0.76 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, a decrease of $0.12 million or 16%. The decrease was mainly due to the derecognition of an accrued liability that resulted in a gain in 2014. No similar event occurred in 2015.  
     
   Net loss:  Net loss increased by $3.56 million, or 22%, to $19.51 million in 2015 from $15.95 million in 2014. The increase in net loss was driven by an increase of $3.95 million in total operating expenses during the year ended December 31, 2015 compared to same period in 2014.  

40

The table below sets forth line items from the Company s unaudited consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands):  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 compared with the Three Months Ended September 30, 2014   
     
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were $1.71 million, an increase of $0.25 million, or 17% from $1.46 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014. The increase was primarily due to the operations in China which revenues increased by $0.18 million due to an increase in sales of nLTO materials to related parties. The revenues of the U.S. operations increased by $0.07 million due to increased license fees offset by lower sales of nLTO related product during the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2015 was $1.48 million, a decrease of $0.27 million or 16% from $1.75 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014. The decrease of $0.14 million in the China operations is due to the lower unit cost from increased production level. The cost of goods sold in the U.S. operations decreased by $0.13 million due to reduced module sales and no cost associated with the increased portion of revenues in license fees during the three months ended September 30, 2015 as compared to the same period in prior year.  
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs decreased by $0.03 million, or 11%, to $0.22 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 from $0.25 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014. The decrease was related mainly due to lower salaries and benefits due to lower headcount at our U.S. facilities.  

41

Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.14 million, or 95%, to $0.29 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 from $0.15 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014. The increase was mainly attributable to the China operations which sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.14 million. The increase was primarily caused by advertising expenses due to expansion in marketing activities during the three months ended September 30, 2015. The sales and marketing expense in the U.S. operations decreased insignificantly.   
     
   General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses increased by $1.21 million, or 66%, to $3.06 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 from $1.85 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014. The increase was attributable to the China operations which general and administrative expenses increased by $1.33 million due to increased headcount in China. The general and administrative expense in the U.S. operations decreased by $0.12 million mainly due to scaled back operation activities as we shifted our operation focus to China.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  The consolidated depreciation and amortization decreased by $0.07 million, or 15%, to $0.37 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, from $0.44 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014. The decrease was primarily related to the portion of fixed assets that were fully depreciated in 2014.  
     
   Gain on disposal of fixed assets:  The consolidated gain on disposal of fixed assets decreased by $0.02 million, or 100%, to nil for the three months ended September 30, 2015 from $0.02 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014. The Company did not sell any fixed assets during the three months ended September 30, 2015 while during the same period in 2014, the Company received proceeds for the fixed assets sold.  
     
   Interest (expense), net:  The consolidated Interest (expense), net decreased to $0.29 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, from $2.03 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014, a decrease of $1.74 million or 86%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the China operations which interest expense decreased by $1.72 million due to most interest expenses were capitalized during the three months ended September 30, 2015 compared to same period in 2014. The interest expense in the U.S. operations also decreased by $0.02 million due to lower loan balances     during the three months ended September 30, 2015 compared to same period in 2014.  
      
   Interest (expense), net:    The consolidated Interest (expense), net decreased to $0.29 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, from $2.03 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014, a decrease of $1.74 million or 86%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the China operations which interest expense decreased by $1.72 million due to the capitalization of most interest expense during the three months ended September 30, 2015 compared to same period in 2014. The interest expense in the U.S. operations also decreased by $0.02 million due to lower loan balances during the three months ended September 30, 2015 compared to same period in 2014.  
      
   Change in fair value of warrants:  During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company did not experience a significant change in the value of warrants outstanding that were previously issued mainly due to the decrease in the stock price. During the three months ended September 30, 2014, the Company recorded a gain of $0.21 million due to the change in the fair value for warrants outstanding.  
      
   Gain on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency was $1 thousand and nil for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2014.  
     
   Other income - buses:  Other income - buses decreased to an income of $1.98 million     for the three months ended September 30, 2015 from an income of $3.32 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014, a decrease of $1.34 million or 40%. The decrease was mainly due to the type of buses sold during the three months ended September 30, 2015, which had lower selling price as compared to the buses sold in same period in prior year.  
     
   Other expenses - buses:  Other expenses - buses decreased to $1.85 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 from $4.85 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014, a decrease of $3.00 million or 62%. The decrease was contributed by $2.19 million of decrease in cost of the buses sold and $0.81 million decrease in other expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2015 compared to same period in 2014.     
     
   Other income:  Other income amounted to $0.13 million and $0.15 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively, a decrease of $0.02 million or 11% due to the derecognition of an accrued liability that resulted in a gain in 2014. No similar event occurred for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
     
   Net loss:  Net loss decreased by $2.42 million, or 39%, to $3.74 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, from $6.16 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014. The decrease in net loss was driven by a decrease in other expenses of $3.19 million, or 99%, offset by an increase in gross margin of $0.52 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 versus the same period in the prior year, resulting mainly from our expansion in China, coupled with an increase in operating expenses of $1.29 million or 48%.   

42

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 compared with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2014   
     
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 increased $0.26 million, or 5%, to $5.39 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 from $5.13 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. The increase was primarily due to the operations in China which revenues increased by $0.53 million due to an increase in sales of nLTO materials during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The revenues of the U.S. operations decreased by $0.27 million due to decrease in product sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $4.85 million, a decrease of $0.46 million or 9% from $5.31 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. The cost of goods sold in the U.S. operations decreased by $1.05 million due to lower product sales, offset by an increase of $0.59 million in the China operations due to an increase in sales of nLTO materials     during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as compared to the same period in prior year.  
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs decreased by $0.31 million, or 35%, to $0.59 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 from $0.90 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. The decrease was related mainly to lower salaries and benefits driven by decreased headcount in the U.S.  
     
   Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.28 million, or 73%, to $0.67 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 from $0.39 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. The increase was mainly attributable to the China operations by $0.33 million which is primarily due to     the advertising expenses due to expansion in marketing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The sales and marketing expenses in the U.S. operation s decreased by $0.05 million due to lower headcount of the sales team as we shifted our operation focus to China.   
     
   General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses increased by $2.20 million, or 40%, to $7.76 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 from $5.56 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. The increase was attributable to the China operations which general and administrative expenses increased by $2.13 million due to increased headcount and increase legal expenses related to SEC matters and other litigations. The general and administrative expense in the U.S. operations increased by $0.07 million mainly due to due to higher professional fees related to regulatory filings and offset by decrease in other general and administrative expenses due to scaled back operation activities as we shifted our operation focus to China.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  The consolidated depreciation and amortization decreased by $0.25 million, or 17%, to $1.19     million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 from $1.44 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. The decrease was primarily related to the portion of fixed assets that were fully depreciated and the fixed assets sold in 2014.  
     
   Loss on disposal of fixed assets:  The consolidated loss on disposal of fixed assets decreased by $0.08 million, or 100%, to nil from $0.08 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company did not sell any fixed assets sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 while incurring losses on the fixed assets sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2014.  
      
   Interest (expense), net:    The consolidated interest (expense), net decreased to $1.89 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, from $4.34 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, a decrease of $2.45 million or 57%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the China operations which interest expense decreased by $2.42 million due to capitalization of most interest expenses as a result of construction being in progress during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The interest expense in the U.S. operations also decreased by $0.03 million due to lower loan balances.  

43

Change in fair value of warrants:  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded a gain of $5 thousand and $349 thousand, respectively, due to the change in the fair value of warrants outstanding that were previously issued.  
     
   Gain on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency were nil for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to a gain of $0.02 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014.  
     
   Other income - buses:  Other income - buses increased to $11.52 million from $3.32 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively, an increase of $8.20 million or 247%. This was due to 75 buses sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to 20 buses sold in the same period in prior year.   
     
   Other expenses - buses:  Other expenses - buses increased to $13.67 million from $4.85 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively, an increase of $8.82 million or 182%, which included an increase in cost of the buses as 55 more buses were sold and other expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to same period in 2014.     
     
   Other income:  Other income amounted to $0.50 million and $0.51 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, a decrease of $0.01 million or 3%. The consolidated other income mainly consisted of grant incentives received and recognized as other income during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. During the nine months ended September 31, 2014, the Company derecognized an accrued liability that resulted in gain, no similar event occurred in the same period of 2015.  
     
   Net loss:  Net loss decreased by $0.35 million, or 3%, to $13.20 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, from $13.55 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. The decrease in net loss was driven by a decrease in other expenses of $1.47 million, or 29%, as well as by improvement in gross margin of $0.72 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to same period in 2014. This was offset by an increase in operating expenses of $1.83 million, or 22%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as compared to the same period in the prior year, resulting mainly from additional costs incurred due to our expansion in China.  

44

The table below sets forth line items from the Company s unaudited consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):  

Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 compared with the Three Months Ended June 30, 2014   
     
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the three months ended June 30, 2015 decreased $0.04 million, or 2%, to $1.83 million from $1.87 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in revenue in the U.S. operations by $0.07 million which was caused by the decrease in product sales, offset by $0.03 million of increase in revenue of the China operations which was primarily due to increased sales in nLTO materials during the three months ended June 30, 2015 compared to the same period in prior year.   
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold for the three months ended June 30, 2015 was $1.26 million, a decrease of $0.29 million or 18% from $1.55 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease was primarily due to the U.S. operations decreased by $0.45 million due to lower product sales, offset by $0.23 million of increase in the China operations which is caused by increased sales in nLTO materials during the three months ended June 30, 2015 as compared to the same period in prior year.  
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs decreased by $0.07 million, or 31%, to $0.16 million for the three months ended June 30, 2015 from $0.23 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease was mainly attributable to lower salaries and benefits expense due to lower headcount in the U.S.  

45

Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.12 million, or 109%, to $0.24 million for the three months ended June 30, 2015 from $0.12 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014. The increase was mainly attributable to the increase of $0.14 million in China operations due to expansion in selling and marketing activities during the three months ended June 30, 2015, offset by the sales and marketing expense in the U.S. operations decreased by $0.02 million due to lower headcount of the sales team as we shifted our operation focus to China.  
     
   General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses increased by $0.70 million, or 45%, to $2.27 million for the three months ended June 30, 2015 from $1.57 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014. The increase was attributable to the China operations which general and administrative expenses increased by $0.52 million due to increased headcount in China. The general and administrative expenses in the U.S. operations increased by $0.18 million mainly due to higher professional fees related to regulatory filings, offset by decrease in other general and administrative expenses due to scaled back operation activities as we shifted our operation focus to China.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  The consolidated depreciation and amortization decreased by $0.10 million, or 19%, to $0.41 million during the three months ended June 30, 2015 from $0.51 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease was primarily related to the portion of fixed assets that were fully depreciated in 2014.  
   
  ( Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets:  The consolidated gain on disposal of fixed decreased by $5 thousand, or 100%, to nil during the three months ended June 30, 2015 from $5 thousand for the three months ended June 30, 2014. The Company did not sell any fixed assets during the three months ended June 30, 2015 and received proceeds on the fixed assets sold during the three months ended June 30, 2014.  
     
   Interest (expense), net:  The consolidated Interest (expense), net decreased to $0.56 million for the three months ended June 30, 2015, from $1.29 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014, a decrease of $0.73 million or 57%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the China operations which interest expense decreased by $0.72 million due to the capitalization of most interest expense during the construction period of new fixed assets during the three months ended June 30, 2015. The interest expense in the U.S. operations also decreased by $0.01 million due to lower loan balances.  
     
   Change in fair value of warrants:  During the three months ended June 30, 2015, the Company did not experience a significant change in the value of warrants outstanding that were previously issued mainly due to the decrease in the stock price. During the three months ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded a loss of $1 thousand and a gain of $183 thousand due to the change in the fair value for warrants outstanding, respectively.  
     
   Gain (loss) on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency were nil for both periods of the three months ended June 30, 2015 and 2014.  
     
   Other income - buses:  Other income - buses amounted to $9.54 million and nil for the three months ended June 30, 2015 and 2014. The increase was mainly due to 47 buses sold during the three months ended June 30, 2015 and the fact that Company did not start bus sales until the third quarter of 2014.  
     
   Other expenses - buses:  Other expenses - buses amounted to $11.82 million and nil during the three months ended June 30, 2015 and 2014. This was due to the cost of the 47 buses sold and other expenses during the three months ended June 30, 2015. The Company did not have bus sales until the third quarter of 2014.     
     
   Other income:  Other income amounted to $1.31 million and $1.62 million for the three months ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, a decrease of $0.31 million or 19%. The consolidated other income mainly consisted of grant incentives received and recognized as other income during the three months ended June 30, 2015. During the same period in 2014, the Company derecognized an accrued liability that resulted in a gain. No similar event occurred during the three months ended June 30, 2015.  
     
   Net loss:  Net loss increased by $2.19 million, or 72%, to $5.23 million for the three months ended June 30, 2015, from $3.04 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014. The increase in net loss was caused mainly by $2.28 million net other expenses related to buses in the three months ended June 30, 2015.   

46

Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 compared with the Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   
   
   Revenues:  Total consolidated revenues for the six months ended June 30, 2015 increased $0.02 million, or 1%, to $3.68 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015 from $3.66 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014. The increase was primarily driven by the operations in China with an increase in sales of nLTO materials to related parties during the six months ended June 30, 2015 as compared to the same period in the prior year. The revenues of the U.S. operations decreased by $0.34 million due decrease in product sales during the six months ended June 30, 2015.   
     
   Cost of goods sold:  Total consolidated costs of goods sold for the six months ended June 30, 2015 was $3.37 million, a decrease of $0.18 million or 5% from $3.55 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease was primarily due to $0.91 million decrease in US operations due to lower product sales, offset by the increase of $0.73 million in China operations due to the increased sales of nLTO materials during the six months ended June 30, 2015.     
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs decreased by $0.29 million, or 44%, to $0.37 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015 from $0.66 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease was related mainly to lower salaries and benefits driven by decreased headcount in the U.S.  
     
   Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.14 million, or 59%, to $0.38 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015 from $0.24 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014. The increase was mainly attributable to the China operations which sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.19 million. The increase was primarily due to increased traveling expenses in six months ended June 30, 2014. The sales and marketing expenses in the U.S. operation s decreased by $0.05 million due to lower headcount of the sales team as we shifted our operation focus to China.  
     
   General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses increased by $0.98 million, or 27%, to $4.69 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015 from $3.71 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014. The increase was attributable to the China operations which general and administrative expenses increased by $0.79 million due to increased headcount in China. The general and administrative expenses in the U.S. operations increased by $0.19 million mainly due to higher professional fees related to regulatory filings and offset by a decrease in other general and administrative expenses due to less activity.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  The consolidated depreciation and amortization decreased by $0.18 million, or 18%, to $0.82 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015, from $1.00 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014. The decrease was primarily related to the portion of fixed assets that were fully depreciated and the fixed assets sold in 2014.  
     
  ( Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets:  The consolidated loss on disposal of fixed assets decreased by $0.11 million, or 100%, to nil for the six months ended June 30, 2015 from $0.11 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014. The Company did not sell any fixed assets during the three months ended June 30, 2015 and incurred losses for the fixed assets sold during the six months ended June 30, 2014.  
     
   Interest expense, net:  The consolidated interest expense, net decreased to $1.60 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015, from $2.31 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014, a decrease of $0.71 million or 31%. The decrease mainly resulted from China operations leading interest expense to decrease by $0.70 million as most interest expenses were capitalized during the construction period of new fixed assets during the six months ended June 30, 2015. The interest expense in the U.S. operations also decreased by $0.01 million due to lower loan balances.  
     
   Change in fair value of warrants:  During the six months ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded a gain of $0.01 million and $0.14 million, respectively, due to the change in the fair value of warrants outstanding that were previously issued.  
     
   Gain (loss) on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency represented a loss of $0.00 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015 compared to a gain of $0.02 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014.  

47

Other income - buses:    Other income - buses amounted to $9.54 million and nil for the six months ended June 30, 2015 and 2014. The increase was mainly due to 47 buses being sold during the six months ended June 30, 2015 as the bus sales did not start until the third quarter of 2014.  
     
   Other expenses - buses:    Other expenses - buses consisted of $11.82 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015 which included cost of the buses and other expenses during the three months ended June 30, 2015. The Company did not have any bus sale until the third quarter of 2014.  
     
   Other income:    Other income amounted to $0.36 million and $0.37 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015 and 2014. The consolidated other income mainly consisted of grant incentives received and recognized as other income during the six months ended June 30, 2015. During the six months ended September 31, 2014, the Company derecognized an accrued liability that resulted in gain. No similar event occurred in the same period of 2015.  
     
   Net loss:    Net loss increased by $2.07 million, or 28%, to $9.46 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015 from $7.39 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014. The increase in net loss was driven by an increase in other expenses of $1.72 million for the six months ended June 30, 2015 compared to 2014, as well as an increase in loss from operations of $0.35 million primarily due to increased operating expenses.  

48

The table below sets forth line items from the Company s unaudited consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):  

Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 compared with the Three Months Ended March 31, 2014   
     
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2015 increased $0.06 million, or 3%, to $1.85 million from $1.79 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The increase was primarily due to $0.33 of revenues increased in sales of nLTO materials in China and offset by $0.27 million decrease in product sales in U.S. during the three months ended March 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in the prior year.   
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold for the three months ended March 31, 2015 was $2.11 million, an increase of $0.10 million or 5% from $2.01 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The increase was primarily due to the operations in China which costs of goods sold increased by $0.50 million due to increased sales in nLTO materials to related parties during the three months ended March 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in 2014. The cost of goods sold in the U.S. operations decreased by $0.40 million due to lower product sales during the three months ended March 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in prior year.   
     
   Research and development:  Total consolidated research and development costs decreased by $0.22 million, or 50%, to $0.21 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015 from $0.43 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The decrease was mainly attributable to lower salaries and benefits from lower headcount in the U.S.  
     
   Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.01 million, or 12%, to $0.13 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015 from $0.12 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The increase was mainly attributable to the China operations which sales and marketing expenses increased by $0.04 million. The increase was attributable to the increase of insurance expenses related to higher headcount of sales team in China. The sales and marketing expense in the U.S. operations decreased by $0.03 million due to lower headcount of the sales team as we shifted our operation focus to China.  

49

General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses increased by $0.28 million, or 13%, to $2.42 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015 from $2.14 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The increase was attributable to the China operations which general and administrative expenses increased by $0.28 million due to increased headcount in China.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  The consolidated depreciation and amortization decreased by $0.09 million, or 18%, to $0.41 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015, from $0.50 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The decrease was primarily related to the portion of fixed assets were fully depreciated in 2014.  
     
   Loss on disposal of fixed assets:  The consolidated loss on disposal of fixed assets decreased by $0.11 million, or 100%, to nil     for the three months ended March 31, 2015 from $0.11 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The Company did not sell any fixed assets sold during the three months ended June 30, 2015 and incurred losses on the fixed assets sold during the three months ended March 31, 2014.  
     
   Interest (expense), net:  The consolidated interest (expense), net increased to $1.04 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015, from $1.02 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, an increase of $0.02 million or 2%. The increase was mainly attributable to the China operations which interest expense increased by $0.02 million due to higher debt balances during the three months ended March 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
     
   Change in fair value of warrants:  During the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded a gain of $0.01 million and a loss of $0.04 million, respectively, an increase of $0.05 million or 114%, due to the change in the fair value of warrants outstanding that were previously issued.  
     
   (Loss) Gain on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency represented a loss of $0.001 million and a gain of $0.02 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
      
   Other income:    Other income amounted to $0.23 million and $0.20 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014, an increase of $0.03 million or 15%. The increase of other income is primarily due to clearing of certain purchase orders that resulted in gain during the three months ended March 31, 2015.   
     
   Net loss:    Net loss decreased by $0.12 million, or 3%, to $4.23 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015, from $4.35 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014. The decrease in net loss was driven by a $0.03 million increase in other income, and also by a decrease in depreciation and amortization expenses of $0.09 million, or 18%, for the three months ended March 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in the prior year.  

50

The table below sets forth line items from the Company s audited consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):  

Year Ended December 31, 2014 compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2013   
     
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014 decreased $1.43 million, or 17%, to $6.74 million from $8.17 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to U.S. operations decreasing by $3.24 million caused by decrease in product sales, offset by increased revenue by $1.81 million in China operations due to an increase in sales of nLTO materials during the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the prior year.   
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $6.62 million a decrease of $2.13 million or 24% from $8.75 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the decreased cost in U.S. operations of $4.46 million caused by lower product sales operations, offset by the increase in China operations of $2.33 million due to increased sales in nLTO materials during the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in prior year.  
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs decreased by $2.89 million, or 73%, to $1.08 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 from $3.97 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was related mainly to lower salaries and benefits driven by lower headcount mainly at our U.S. facilities.       

51

Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses decreased by $0.55 million, or 46%, to $0.63 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 from $1.18 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in U.S. operations of $0.85 million due to lower headcount of the sales team as we shifted our operation focus to China, offset by     the increase in China operations of $0.30 million due to increased headcount at China operations during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the same period in prior year.   
     
   General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses increased by $0.36 million, or 5%, to $8.13 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 from $7.77 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The increase was mainly due to severance expenses. The general and administrative expenses of the China operations remained steady as of December 31, 2014 and 2013.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  The consolidated depreciation and amortization increased by $0.39 million, or 27%, to $1.85 million from $1.46 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Higher depreciation and amortization was mainly related to new purchases of equipment at our China facility along with additional land use rights obtained.  
     
   Loss on disposal of fixed assets:  Loss on disposal of fixed assets increased by $0.06 million, or 188%, to $0.09 million in 2014 from $0.03 million in 2013, respectively. This was primarily due to more proceeds received on the fixed assets sold during the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013.  
     
     Interest (expense) income, net:  The consolidated interest (expense) income, showed to a net interest expense of $6.14 million in 2014 from a net interest income of $0.26 million in 2013, respectively, a change of $6.40 million or 2,509%. The change in interest expense was mainly attributable to the China operations, which interest expense increased by $6.32 million because loans obtained in 2014 was mostly for working capital and not for construction. Most of the interest expenses were capitalized in China operations in 2013 as they were related to construction. The interest expense in the U.S. operations also increased by $0.08 million due to higher debt balances during the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
     
   Change in fair value of warrants:  During the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we recorded a gain of $0.34 million and a loss of $0.26 million, respectively, due to the change in the fair value of warrants outstanding that we had previously issued.  
     
   Gain (loss) on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency represented a gain of $0.02 million and nil for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
     
   Other income - buses:  Other income - buses consisted of $28.28 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The Company sold 153 buses in 2014.   
     
   Other expense - buses:  Other expense - buses consisted of $27.55 million in 2014, which included cost of the buses and other expenses.  
     
   Other income:  Other income amounted to $0.76 million and $0.36 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, representing an increase of $0.40 million or 112%. This was mainly due to additional grant incentives received and recognized as other income in the year 2014.  
      
   Net loss:    Net loss increased by $1.32 million, or 9%, to $15.95 million in 2014 from $14.63 million in 2013, respectively. The increase in net loss was mainly caused by a $6.40 million decrease in interest expense, net from $0.26 million interest income in 2013 to $6.14 million interest expenses in 2014. The major decrease in interest income was offset by an increase in gross margin of $0.70 million or 121%, and $2.62 million of lower operating expenses primarily driven by less research and development expenses due to reduced headcount at our U.S. facilities.  

52

The table below sets forth line items from the Company s unaudited consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):  

Three Months Ended September 30, 2014   
   
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2014 was $1.46 million, which was composed of $0.94 million in the U.S. operations and $0.52 million in the China operations. The revenue in the U.S. was primarily contributed by product sales and license fees     during the three months ended September 30, 2014. The revenue in China was primarily from the nLTO sales to related party     during the three months ended September 30, 2014.   
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold was $1.75 million     for the three months ended September 30, 2014, which was composed of $0.97 million in the U.S operations and $0.78 million in the China operations. The cost of goods sold in the U.S. was primarily due to the costs of product sales during the three months ended September 30, 2014. The cost of goods sold in China was primarily due to the cost recognized from sales of nLTO materials to related party during the three months ended September 30, 2014.  

53

Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs was $0.25 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014 which is from U.S. operations only. The Company did not have research and development personnel in China operations.  
     
   Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses was $0.15 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014 which composed of $0.04 million in the U.S. operations and $0.11 million in the China operations. The Company shifted our operation focus to China, which caused the China operations had higher sales and marketing expenses than the U.S. operations during the three months ended September 30, 2014.   
     
   General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses was $1.85 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014 which composed of $1.17 million in the U.S. operations and $0.68 million in the China operations.   
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  Depreciation and amortization was $0.44 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $0.21 million in the U.S. operations and $0.23 million in the China operations.   
     
  ( Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets:  (Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets was a gain of $0.02 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014 which is from the U.S. operations. The Company did not had any fixed assets sold in the China operations during the three months ended September 30, 2014.  
     
   Interest (expense) income, net:  Interest (expense) income, net showed a net interest expenses of $2.03 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $0.10 million in the U.S. operations and $1.93 million in the China operations. The interest expenses in the China operations was primarily from loans for the purchase of materials during the three months ended September 30, 2014.   
     
   Change in fair value of warrants:  During the three months ended September 30, 2014, we recorded a gain of $0.21 million for the change in the fair value of warrants outstanding that we had previously issued.  
     
   Other income - buses:  Other income - buses consisted of $3.32 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014. The Company sold 20 buses during the three months ended September 30, 2014.  
     
   Other expense - buses:  Other expense - buses consisted of $4.85 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014, which included cost of the buses and other expenses.   
     
   Other income:  Other income amounted to $0.15 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $0.02 million in the U.S. operations and $0.13 million in the China operations. The other income in China is primarily due to the additional grant incentives received and recognized as other income during the three months ended September 30, 2014.  
     
   Net loss:  Net loss was $6.16 million for the three months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $1.56 million in the U.S. operations and $4.61 million in the China operations. The net loss was driven by $2.66 million in total operating expenses and $3.21 million in total other expenses during the three months ended September 30, 2014.  

54

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2014    
     
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues were $5.13 million from for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $3.65 million in the U.S. operations and $1.48 million in the China operations. The revenue in U.S. was primarily contributed by product sales and license fees     during the nine months ended September 30, 2014. The revenue in China was primarily from the nLTO sales to related party     during the three months ended September 30, 2014.   
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold was $5.31 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $3.34 million in the U.S. operations and $1.97 million in the China operations. The cost of goods sold in the U.S. was primarily due to the costs of product sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2014. The cost of goods sold in China was primarily due to the cost recognized from sales of nLTO materials to related party during the nine months ended September 30, 2014.  
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs was $0.90 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014 which is from U.S. operations only. The Company did not have research and development personnel in China operations.  
     
                 Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses was $0.39 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $0.17 million in the U.S. operations and $0.22 million in the China operations. The Company shifted our operation focus to China, which caused the China operations had higher sales and marketing expenses than the U.S. operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2014.  
     
   General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses was $5.56 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $3.46 million in the U.S. operations and $2.10 million in the China operations.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  Depreciation and amortization was 1.44 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $0.64 million in the U.S operations and $0.80 million in the China operations.  
     
  ( Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets:  Loss on disposal of fixed assets was $0.08 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, which is from the U.S. operations. The Company did not had any fixed assets sold in the China operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2014.  
     
   Interest (expense) income, net:  Interest (expense) income, net showed a net interest expense of $4.34 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $0.23 million in the U.S. operations and $4.11 million in the China operations. The interest expenses in the China operations was primarily from loans for the purchase of materials during the nine months ended September 30, 2014.  

55

Change in fair value of warrants:  During the nine months ended September 30, 2014, we recorded a gain of $0.35 million for the change in the fair value of warrants outstanding that we had previously issued.  
     
   G  ain on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than our functional currency represented a gain of $0.02 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014.  
     
   Other income - buses:  Other income - buses consisted of an income of $3.32 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014. The Company sold 20 buses during the nine months ended September 30, 2014.  
     
   Other expenses - buses:  Other expense - buses consisted of $4.85 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, which included cost of the buses and other expenses.  
     
   Other income:  Other income amounted to $0.51 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $0.07 million in the U.S. operations and $0.44 million in the China operations. The other income in the China operations was mainly related to additional grant incentives received and recognized as other income during the nine months ended September 30, 2014.  
     
   Net loss:  Net loss was $13.55 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, which composed of $4.75 million in the U.S. operations and $8.80 million in the China operations. The net loss was driven by $8.37 million in total operating expenses and $5.02 million in total other expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2014.  

56

The table below sets forth line items from the Company s unaudited consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):  

Three Months Ended June 30, 2014 compared with the Three Months Ended June 30, 2013    
   
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the three months ended June 30, 2014 decreased $1.28 million, or 41%, to $1.87 million from $3.15 million for the three months ended June 30, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the operations in the U.S. which revenues decreased by $1.91 million due to that two long-term contracts related to ALTI ESS AdvantageTM systems were recognized during the three months ended June 30, 2013 whereas the Company did not incur similar revenues in the same period in 2014. The revenues from China operations increased by $0.63 million due to the increased sales in nLTO materials during the three months ended June 30, 2014, the Company did not have such revenues in the same period of prior year.  
    
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold for the three months ended June 30, 2014 was $1.55 million, a decrease of $1.66 million or 52% from $3.21 million for the three months ended June 30, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the operations in the U.S. which costs of goods sold decreased by $2.28 million due to lower product sales during the three months ended June 30, 2014 as compared to the same period in prior year. The costs of goods sold in China operations increased by $0.62 million due to higher cost of nLTO manufacturing during the three months ended June 30, 2013.   
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs decreased by $0.53 million, or 69%, to $0.23 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014 from $0.76 million for the three months ended June 30, 2013. The decrease was related mainly to lower headcount mainly at our U.S. facilities.  
     
   Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses decreased by $0.13 million, or 53%, to $0.12 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014 from $0.25 million for the three months ended June 30, 2013. The decrease was mainly attributable to the U.S. operations which sales and marketing expenses decreased by $0.18 million due to lower headcount of the sales team as we shifted our operation focus to China. The sales and marketing expenses of the China operation s increased by $0.05 million as we expanded our sales efforts in China.  

57

General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses decreased by $0.17 million, or 10%, to $1.57 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014 from $1.74 million for the three months ended June 30, 2013. The decrease was mainly attributable to lower headcount at our U.S. facilities which decreased the general and administrative expenses by $0.29 million. The general and administrative expenses of the China operations increased by $0.14 million during the three months ended June 30, 2014 as compared to the same period in prior year.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  Depreciation and amortization increased by $0.18 million, or 56%, to $0.51 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014, from $0.33 million for the three months ended June 30, 2013. Higher depreciation and amortization was mainly related to purchases of equipment at our China facilities.  
     
  ( Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets:  Gain on disposal of fixed assets increased by $0.01 million, or 100%, to $0.01 million from $0.02 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. This was primarily due to higher proceeds received on the fixed assets sold during the three months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013.  
     
   Interest (expense) income, net:  Interest expense, net showed $1.29 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014, from $0.03 million for the three months ended June 30, 2013, an increase of $1.26 million or 3,934%. The change in interest expense was mainly attributable to the China operations which interest expense increased by $1.25 million due to higher short term loans balances during the three months ended June 30, 2014. The interest expense in the U.S. operations also increased by $0.01 million due to higher debt balances during the three months ended June 30, 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
     
   Change in fair value of warrants:  During the three months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, we recorded a gain of $0.18 million and a gain of $0.12 million, respectively, due to the change in the fair value of warrants outstanding that we had previously issued.  
     
   Gain on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than our functional currency of nil for the three months ended June 30, 2014 and nil for the three months ended June 30, 2013, respectively.  
     
   Other income:  Other income amounted to $0.16 million and $0.03 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, an increase of $0.13 million or 479%. The increase to income was mainly related to additional grant incentives received and recognized as other income during the current period as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
     
   Net loss:  Net loss increased by $0.05 million, or 2%, to $3.04 million for the three months ended June 30, 2014, from $2.99 million for the three months ended June 30, 2013. The increase in net loss was driven by     an increase of $1.26 million or 3,934% in interest expenses from higher loan balances, offset by decrease of $1.02 in loss of operations caused by lower operating expenses of $0.63 million or 21% for the current period versus the same period in the prior year.   

58

Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 compared with the Six Months Ended June 30, 2013   
   
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the six months ended June 30, 2014 decreased $1.35 million, or 27%, to $3.66 million from $5.01 million for the six months ended June 30, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the operations in the U.S. which revenues decreased by $2.31 million due to that two long-term contracts related to ALTI ESS AdvantageTM systems were recognized during the six months ended June 30, 2013 whereas we did not incur similar revenues in the same period in 2014. The revenues from China operations increased by $0.96 million as the production sales to a related party during the six months ended June 30, 2013.  
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold for the six months ended June 30, 2014 was $3.55 million, a decrease of $1.83 million or 34% from $5.38 million for the six months ended June 30, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the operations in the U.S. which costs of goods sold decreased by $3.02 million due to lower product sales during the six months ended June 30, 2014 as compared to the same period in prior year. The costs of goods sold in China operations increased by $1.19 million due to increased sales during the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to same period in 2013.   
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs decreased by $1.39 million, or 68%, to $0.66 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014 from $2.05 million for the six months ended June 30, 2013. The decrease was related mainly to lower headcount mainly at our U.S. facilities.  
     
   Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses decreased by $0.44 million, or 65%, to $0.24 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014 from $0.68 million for the six months ended June 30, 2013. The decrease was mainly attributable to the U.S. operations which sales and marketing expenses decreased by $0.51 million due to lower headcount of the sales team as we shifted our operation focus to China. The sales and marketing expenses of the China operations increased by $0.07 million as we were expanding our sales efforts in China.  
     
   General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses increased by $0.77 million, or 26%, to $3.71 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014 from $2.94 million for the six months ended June 30, 2013. The increase was mainly attributable to the China operations which general and administrative expenses increased by $0.82 million during the six months ended June 30, 2014 as compared to the same period in prior year. The increase was due to a greater headcount in China, offset by the decrease in operating costs in our U.S. operations which resulted in an overall increase.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  Depreciation and amortization increased by $0.38 million, or 62%, to $1.00 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014, from $0.62 million for the six months ended June 30, 2013. Higher depreciation and amortization was mainly related to new purchases of equipment at our China facilities.  
     
  ( Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets:  (Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets changed by $0.13 million, or 653%, to loss of $0.11 million from gain of $0.02 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. This was primarily due to lower proceeds received on the fixed assets sold during the six months ended June 30, 2014 compared to the same period of 2013.  
     
   Interest (expense) income, net:  Interest (expense) income, net changed to an expense of $2.31 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014, from an income of $0.21 million for the six months ended June 30, 2013, a decrease of $2.52 million or 1,206%. The change in interest (expense) income, net was mainly attributable to the China operations which interest (expense) income changed by $2.49 million due to higher short term loan balances during the six months ended June 30, 2014. The interest expense in the U.S. operations increased by $0.03 million due to higher debt balances during the six months ended June 30 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
     
   Change in fair value of warrants:  During the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, we recorded a gain of $0.14 million and a loss of $0.01 million, respectively, due to the change in the fair value of warrants outstanding that we had previously issued.  
     
   Gain on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than our functional currency represented a gain of $15 thousand and $3 thousand for the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
     
   Other income:  Other income amounted to $0.37 million and $0.03 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, an increase of $0.34 million or 1,204%. The increase was primarily attributable to additional grant incentives received and recognized as other income during the six months ended June 30, 2014 as compared to same period in 2013.  
          
   Net loss:  Net loss increased by $0.98 million, or 15%, to $7.39 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014, from $6.41 million for the six months ended June 30, 2013. The increase in net loss was driven by an increase in interest expense of $2.52 million or 1,206% from higher loan balances, offset by $0.55 million or 9% lower operating expenses experienced mainly at our U.S. facilities during the six month ended June 30, 2014 compared to same period in 2013.  

59

The table below sets forth line items from the Company s unaudited consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):  

Three Months Ended March 31, 2014 compared with the Three Months Ended March 31, 2013   
     
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2014 decreased slightly by $0.06 million, or 4%, to $1.79 million from $1.85 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the operations in the U.S. which revenues decreased by $0.39 million due to two long-term contracts related to ALTI ESS AdvantageTM systems during the three months ended March 31, 2013 as the Company did not incur similar revenues in the same period in 2014. The revenues from China operations increased by $0.33 million due to increased production sales to a related party during the three months ended March 31, 2014 compared to same period in 2013.   
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold for the three months ended March 31, 2014 was $2.01 million, a decrease of $0.16 million or 7% from $2.17 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to the operations in the U.S. which costs of goods sold decreased by $0.73 million due to lower product sales, offset by an increase of $0.57 million in China operation due to increased product sales during the three months ended March 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in prior year.   
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs decreased by $0.86 million, or 67%, to $0.43 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 from $1.29 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The decrease was related mainly to lower headcount mainly at our U.S. facilities.  
     
   Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses decreased by $0.32 million, or 72%, to $0.12 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 from $0.4 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The decrease was mainly attributable to the U.S. operations which sales and marketing expenses decreased by $0.34 million due to lower headcount of the sales team as we shifted our operation focus to China. The sales and marketing expenses of the China operations increased by $0.02 million as we were expanding our sales efforts in China.   

60

General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses increased by $0.94 million, or 78%, to $2.14 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 from $1.20 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The increase was mainly attributable to the China operations which general and administrative expenses increased by $0.68 million during the three months ended March 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in prior year. The increase was due to a greater headcount and business expansion in China and increased facility overhead in US operations during the three months ended March 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  Depreciation and amortization increased by $0.20 million, or 68%, to $0.49 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, from $0.29 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. Higher depreciation and amortization was mainly related to new purchases of equipment and land use rights at our China facilities.  
     
  ( Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets:  (Gain) Loss on disposal of fixed assets changed by $0.11 million, or 100%, to gain of $0.11 million from $nil for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. This was primarily due to the facility clearing on obsolete fixed assets during the three months ended March 31, 2014 as compared to the proceeds received on the fixed assets sold in the same period of 2013.  
     
   Interest expense, net:  Interest expense, net decreased to an expense of $1.02 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, from an income of $0.24 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013, a decrease of $1.26 million or 523%. The increase in interest expense was mainly attributable to the China operations which interest expense increased by $1.24 million due to higher short term loan balances during the three months ended March 31, 2014. The interest expense in the U.S. operations also increased by $0.02 million due to higher debt balances during the three months ended March 31 2014 as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
     
   Change in fair value of warrants:  During the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, we recorded a loss of $0.04 million and $0.13 million, respectively, due to the change in the fair value of warrants outstanding that we had previously issued.  
     
   Gain     on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than our functional currency represented a gain of $0.01 million and $0.00 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
     
   Other income:  Other income amounted to an income of $0.20 and nil for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013. The increase was mainly related to additional grant incentives received and recognized as other income during the current period as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
     
   Net loss:  Net loss increased by $0.93 million to $4.35 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, from $3.42 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The increase in net loss was driven by a decrease in interest expense of $1.26 million or 523% from higher loan balances, offset by gross margin increase of $0.10 million or 30%     for the current period versus the same period in the prior year.   

61

The table below sets forth line items from the Company s audited consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):  

Year Ended December 31, 2013 compared with the Year Ended December 31, 2012   
     
   Revenues:  The consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2013 increased $6.62 million, or 428%, to $8.17 million from $1.55 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily due to U.S. operations, which revenues increased by $6.25 million due to increase in product sales and ESS projects during the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the same period in prior year. The revenues from China operations increased by $0.37 million due to sales of nLTO materials by expansion of China facilities which started in the last quarter of 2013.  
     
   Cost of goods sold:  The consolidated costs of goods sold for the year ended December 31, 2013 was $8.75 million, an increase of $5.88 million or 204% from $2.87 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was primarily due to US operations which costs of goods sold increased by $5.53 million due to higher product sales and recognition of deferred costs associated with the ESS projects during the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the same period in prior year. The costs of goods sold in China operations increased by $0.35 million due to increased product sales during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the same year of 2012.  
     
   Research and development:  The consolidated research and development costs decreased by $2.45 million, or 38%, to $3.97 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $6.42 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease was related mainly to lower salaries and benefits driven by lower headcount mainly at our U.S. facilities.  

62

Sales and marketing:  The consolidated sales and marketing expenses decreased by $1.68 million, or 59%, to $1.18 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $2.86 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease was attributable to U.S. operations, which sales and marketing decreased $1.70 million due to lower headcount and most sales and marketing activities shifted to China for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the prior year. The sales and marketing in our China operations increased by $0.02 million due to expansion of sales and marketing team in China.  
     
   General and administrative:  The consolidated general and administrative expenses increased by $0.86 million, or 13%, to $7.77 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 from $6.91 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase was mainly attributable to our China operations of an increase of $2.21 million as we added additional employees to our China facilities, offset by the decrease in our U.S. operations of $1.35 million primarily due to reduction in expenses such as legal, consultants, business development and travel during the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the prior year.  
     
   Depreciation and amortization:  Depreciation and amortization increased by $0.39 million, or 36%, to $1.46 million from $1.07 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Higher depreciation and amortization was mainly related to new purchases of equipment at our China facilities along with additional land use rights obtained.  
     
   Loss on disposal of fixed assets:  Loss on disposal of fixed assets amounted to loss of $0.03 million and nil for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. This was primarily due to the loss incurred on the fixed assets sold during the year ended December 31, 2013 and the Company did not sell any fixed assets during the year ended December 31, 2012.  
     
   Interest income, net:  Interest income, net amounted to an income of $0.26 million and $0.05 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, an increase of $0.21 million or 431%. The increase was driven by higher interest income earned during the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
     
   Change in fair value of warrants:  During the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, we recorded a loss of $0.26 million and a gain of $0.56 million, respectively, due to the change in the fair value of warrants outstanding that were had previously issued.  
     
   Loss on foreign exchange:  Transaction gains or losses arising from exchange rate fluctuation on transactions denominated in a currency other than our functional currency represented a loss of $0.003 million and a loss of $0.01 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
     
   Other income:  Other income of $0.36 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 represented amortization of grant incentives income received during the year ended December 31, 2013.  
     
   Net loss:  Net loss decreased by $3.36 million or 19%, to $14.63 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, from $17.99 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease in net loss was mainly driven by a decrease     of $3.61 million or 19% in loss from operations, offset by decrease of other income of $0.25 million during the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the same period in 2012.    

63

Liquidity and Capital Resources   
     
  Our working (deficit) capital is as follows (In thousands of dollars):  

On December 31, 2015, we had a working deficit of ($47.85) million compared to working capital of $7.23 million on December 31, 2014. The decrease was primarily related to a decline in current assets of $11.62 million attributable mainly to $19.22 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets which related to other receivable of EV Buses and $18.48 million decrease in amount due from related parties   offset by $25.41 million increase in short-term investment, and increase in current liabilities of $43.46 million attributable mainly to $23.78 million increase in current portion of long term note payable and $19.11 million increase in short term note payable.   
        
  On December 31, 2014, we had a working capital of $7.23 million compared to a working deficit of $15.92 million on December 31, 2013. The increase in working capital was primarily related to an increase of $25.48 million, of which $4.09 million was due to the decrease in EV Buses for resale and $29.57 million was receivable resulted from the sale of EV Buses that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2014 for which we collected during the year ended December 31, 2015.   
     
  On December 31, 2013, we had a working deficit of ($15.92) million compared to working capital of $16.73 million on December 31, 2012. The decrease in working capital was primarily related to a decrease in cash and cash equivalents of $11.08 million and increase of $29.56 million in short term note payable.   
     
  A summary of our cash flow activities is as follows (In thousands of dollars):  

Year Ended December 31, 2015 as Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2014   
     
  Net cash provided by operating activities was $15.11 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to a net use of cash of $26.22 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. The net increase in cash from operations resulted from $17.74 million cash received from related parties and $25.51 million cash received due to collection of other receivables for the buses sales   offset by $19.51 million in net loss.  

64

Net cash used in investing was $32.84 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to $23.27 million for the year ended December 31, 2014. Cash used in investing activities was driven by our purchases of production equipment and placement of term deposit in China, offset by loan repayment to related party.  
     
  Net cash provided by financing activities was $21.50 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 as compared to $49.39 million for the year ending December 31, 2014. The decrease in cash from financing activities primarily related to lower proceeds from notes payable and payments to outstanding notes payable.  
     
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 as Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013   
     
  Net cash used in operating activities was $26.22 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to a net use of cash of $32.44 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. The net decrease in cash used in operations resulted primarily from an increase of $30.57 million in prepaid expense-noncurrent and bus reserves during the year ended December 31, 2014.  
     
  Net cash used in investing was $23.27 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to $11.08 million for the year ended December 31, 2013. Increase in cash used in investing activities was driven by $5.68 million of long term investment and $14.31 million loan to related party during the year ended December 31, 2014.  
     
  Net cash provided by financing activities was $49.39 for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to $31.43 for the year ending December 31, 2013. The net increase in cash provided in financing activities was driven by $24.29 million of proceeds from related party notes during the year ended December 31, 2014.  
     
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 as Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2012   
     
  Net cash used in operating activities was $32.44 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to a net use of cash of $20.59 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. The net increase in cash used in operations resulted primarily from $15.28 million cash payment in prepaid expenses, non-current and $8.89 million in receivables from related party as of December 31, 2013 as compared to 2012.  
     
  Net cash used in investing was $11.08 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $31.93 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. Cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2013 was driven by our purchases of production equipment and construction of production facilities and also the purchases of land use rights in China offset partially by a decrease in restricted cash. This compares to use of cash for investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2012 related to an increase in restricted cash and purchase of land use rights.  
     
  Net cash provided by financing activities was $31.43 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $18.48 million for the year ending December 31, 2012. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we received proceeds from notes payable of $35.18 million, offset by payments against notes payable of $5.73 million. This compares to proceeds from notes payable of $6.68 million and grants received from the Wu an government of $11.80 million during the year ended December 31, 2012.  
     
   Going Concern   
   
  For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company incurred a net loss of $19.51 million and had an accumulated deficit and working capital deficit of $272.49 million and $47.85 million, respectively. In addition, the Company has $70.54 million of debt coming due in the next 12 months and the Company anticipates continuing to have negative cash flows from operations as it ramps up production at their new manufacturing facilities. If the Company is not able to refinance its debt or obtain additional capital, the Company will not be able to pay off its current debt obligations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

65

The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital and to ultimately generate revenues at a level that will result in profitability and positive cash flows from operations. To address these matters, management is taking actions to pay off loans when due, refinance existing loans if needed, obtain capital leases, obtain additional loans collateralized by the land use rights, third party guarantees and other assets, and obtain approval for additional grant incentives from the government of Wu an, China. However, there can be no assurance that additional grant funds to support our capital needs will be available to us and that we will be able to refinance existing loans, obtain additional loans, or raise additional funds through other sources such as through an equity offering. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions, be on terms that are not satisfactory to us, or contain covenants on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of convertible debt and equity financing.  
        
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
     
  As of December 31, 2015, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of the SEC s Regulation S-K.  
     
   Capital Commitments Equipment   
     
  The Company has contractual obligations related to future capital expenditures for equipment as of December 31, 2015. The Company's commitment for minimum payment under these contractual obligations as of December 31, 2015 is $2.96 million.  
    
   Capital Commitment - Construction      
     
  As discussed further in Note 9, in conjunction with the Land Use Rights obtained by Northern Altair, the Company agreed to make fixed asset investments on the land of approximately $314.85 million, subject to loan guarantees and other incentives from Wu an, China, over an unspecified period of time up to the 50-year life of the land use rights, with initial construction occurring in 2013.  
   
   Debt      
     
  As of December 31, 2015, we are required to pay principal amounts of $70.54 million in 2016 with the remainder of $6.60 million payable in 2017.  
      
   Lease   
     
  We leased a 70,000 square feet facility in Flagship Business Accelerator Building located at 3019 Enterprise Drive, Anderson, Indiana under a triple net lease with Flagship Enterprise Center, Inc. The facility was used for the production of prototype batteries and battery systems.  The lease, as amended recently on January 27, 2015, expires on June 30, 2017. Effective May 1 2016, we agreed to pay $140,000 as a payment to terminate the lease effective by the end of May 2016.  
     
   ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     
  As a  smaller reporting company  as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1), we are not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A.  

66

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
     
   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATMEMENTS   

67

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To the Audit Committee of the   
  Board of Directors and Shareholders   
  of Altair Nanotechnologies, Inc.   

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of   Altair Nanotechnologies, Inc. and its Subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of   December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated   statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders  (deficit) equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.   
     
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.  An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
     
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of   Altair Nanotechnologies, Inc. and its Subsidiaries, as of   December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America  .   
     
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  
     
  /s/Marcum  llp   
     
  Marcum  llp   
  New York, NY  November 15, 2016  

68

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

Board of Directors and Stockholders  
     
  Altair Nanotechnologies Inc.  
     
  Reno, Nevada  

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of December 31, 2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' (deficit) equity, and cash flows for the year then ended.  These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.  
     
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.  Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly, we express no such opinion.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
     
  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

/s/ Crowe Horwath LLP  

Sacramento, California  
     
  April 1, 2013  

69

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares   and per share amounts  )   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

70

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares and per share amounts)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.   

71

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

72

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares and per share amounts)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

73

NOTE 1   NATURE OF THE BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION   
     
   Description of the Company and Business   
     
  Altair Nanotechnologies Inc., (the  Company ) is a Delaware corporation that develops, manufactures and sells nano lithium titanate batteries and energy storage systems. The Company s nano lithium titanate battery systems offer higher power density, longer cycle life, rapid charge and discharge capabilities, a wider operating temperature range and higher levels of safety than conventional lithium-ion batteries. The Company targets applications that utilize the key attributes of its technology with product applications mainly found in the electric grid, transportation (commercial vehicles), and industrial market segments. The Company has also added to our business strategy in recent years the purchase and sale of EV Buses.  
     
  In July 2011, the Company initiated activities to enter the China market including the sales of batteries and systems, and to develop a manufacturing and supply chain strategy to reduce costs.  
     
  Effective May 15, 2012, Altair Nanotechnologies, Inc. changed its jurisdiction of incorporation from Canada to the State of Delaware by means of a domestication (the  Domestication ) under Section 188 of the Canada Business Corporations Act and Section 388 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.  
     
  In April 2012, the Company formed Altair Nanotechnologies (China) Co., Ltd. ( Altair China ) and Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. ( Northern Altair ) in order to aggregate key elements of its supply chain and expand into the Chinese market.  
     
  On April 19, 2012, Altair China entered into an agreement (the  Agreement") with Wu an Municipal People's Government ("Wu'an") and Handan Municipal People's Government ("Handan") regarding the establishment by Altair China of a manufacturing facility in the City of Wu'an, Hebei Province in China.  
     
  The Agreement provides the framework for Altair China's location of a nano lithium titanate oxide (nLTO) manufacturing facility in a newly formed technology park in Wu'an which has capacity of producing up to 3,000 tons per annum. The Company anticipates the future expansion of such facility based on market demand and the establishment of an energy storage system production line. This future expansion is in process and the Company expects to be able to reach this capacity in early 2017.  
     
  To provide incentives for Altair China to locate in Wu'an, the government of Wu'an had agreed, subject to tender, auction and listing procedures that may be required by law, to make approximately 330 acres of commercial land available to Altair China free of rent or land transfer fees for a 50-year commercial term and, subject to certain limitations and procedures, to provide additional tax incentives to Altair China. The Agreement stipulated that Altair China would establish a presence in Wu'an immediately, the first piece of Land Use Rights with 66 acres was granted in November 2012 and the first phase of Altair China's construction of the facility was completed in late 2013. The Agreement designates the purchase by Wu'an and Handan of EV Buses beginning in late 2012 and continuing for five years, and includes the future purchase of electric taxis and energy storage systems.   
     
  In January 2014, the Company approved plans to consolidate all manufacturing operations in the United States of America ( U.S.A. ) and to move them to Wu an, China.  The Company will continue to retain engineering, research and development, sales and marketing, and support capabilities in the U.S.A. Starting in early 2016, the Company s principal assets and operations were located in China. Management does not expect that moving manufacturing operations to China will represent a strategic shift such that the change will have a major effect on the Company s operations.   

NOTE 2   GOING CONCERN   
     
  For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company incurred a net loss of $19.51 million and had an accumulated deficit and working capital deficit of $272.49 million and $47.85 million, respectively. In addition, the Company has $70.54 million of debt coming due in the next 12 months and the Company anticipates continuing to have negative cash flows from operations as it ramps up production at their new manufacturing facilities. If the Company is not able to refinance its debt or obtain additional capital, the Company will not be able to pay off its current debt obligations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

74

The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital and to ultimately generate revenues at a level that will result in profitability and positive cash flows from operations. To address these matters, management is taking actions to pay off loans when due, refinance existing loans if needed, obtain capital leases, obtain additional loans collateralized by the land use rights, third party guarantees and other assets, and obtain approval for additional grant incentives from the government of Wu an, China. However, there can be no assurance that additional grant funds to support our capital needs will be available to us and that we will be able to refinance existing loans, obtain additional loans, or raise additional funds through other sources such as through an equity offering. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions, be on terms that are not satisfactory to us, or contain covenants on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of convertible debt and equity financing.  

NOTE 3   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
     
   Basis of Presentation   
       
  The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ).  
       
   Principles of Consolidation    
     
  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries which include (1) Altair U.S. Holdings, (2) Altairnano, Inc., (3) Altair China and (4) Northern Altair. All of the subsidiaries are either incorporated in the United States of America or China. Inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  
     
   Reclassification of Prior Period Presentation   
     
  Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current period presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on the reported results of operations. In the third quarter of fiscal year 2013, the Company concluded that it was appropriate to classify its deferred revenue and deferred contract cost based on the short-term and long-term nature. Previously, deferred cost and deferred contract cost were reported as short term.  This change in classification does not materially affect previously reported Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and had no effect on the previously reported Consolidated Statements of Operations for any period.  
     
   Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions   
     
  The consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of U.S. Dollars. The functional currency for the subsidiaries in China is the Chinese Yuan or RMB. Assets and liabilities are translated to the reporting currency at exchange rates on the balance sheet dates, revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the period, and equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates. Any resulting translation adjustments are not included in determining net income (loss) but are included in other comprehensive income (loss). Gains or losses on transactions denominated in a currency other than the subsidiaries  functional currency which arise as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates are recorded as foreign exchange gain or loss in the statements of operations.  

75

Use of Estimates   
     
  Financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Among other things, management estimates include the assumptions used to calculate deferred revenue, financial guaranty, long term payable, refundable security deposit, deferred income taxes, contingencies, and equity instruments issued for financing and compensation. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
       
   Cash and Cash Equivalents    
       
  Cash and cash equivalents consist principally of bank deposits and institutional money market funds.  Short-term investments that are highly liquid have insignificant interest rate risk and original maturities of 90 days or less are classified as cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalent accounts maintained in financial institutions in the U.S.A. are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ).  In the event of bank failure, there is no rule or regulation for obligatory insurance regarding to cash deposit accounts maintained within China. However, the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.  
     
   Restricted Cash   
     
  The Company s restricted cash represents cash required to be deposited related to various letter of credits and also cash designated for use in China operations. Restricted cash comprised the following (In thousands of dollars):  

As of December 31, 2015, cash of $0.23 million is restricted as performance guarantee for China State Grid Project.  
     
  As of December 31, 2014, cash of $0.52 million is restricted by Bank of China for a letter of international credit; cash of $4.14 million is set aside to secure the financing from Bank of China; cash of $0.24 million is restricted as performance guarantee for China State Grid Project.  
     
  As of December 31, 2013, cash of $0.21 million is restricted by Bank of China for a letter of international credit; cash of $4.09 million is set aside to secure the financing from Bank of China; cash of $0.12 million is restricted by Handan Bank for issuance of a trade acceptance.  
     
  As of December 31, 2012, cash amount of $0.29 million is restricted by the Bank of China for letter of international credit; cash amount of $2.06 million and $3.89 million set aside to secure the financing from Bank of China and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China respectively; Northern Altair also received cash grant incentives of $11.8 million from the Wu an government in year 2012 and recorded it as restricted cash, which can be used subject to meeting certain guidelines agreed upon by the Wu an government and the Company.  
     
   Short-term investment   
       
    Short-term investments consist primarily of investments in certificate of deposit with maturities between three months and one year.   
     
   Long  -term investm  e  nt   
     
  Long-term investments consist primarily of investments in certificate of deposit with more than one year.   

76

Accounts Receivable    
       
  Accounts receivable consists of amounts due from customers for services and product sales, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by reviewing each customer account and specifically identifying any potential for loss. As of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company s reserve for uncollectible accounts was $0.03 million, $0.04 million, $nil, and $0.05 million, respectively. Reserve for allowances for uncollectible accounts and bad debts recognized are recorded as general and administrative expenses.  
     
   Inventory    
       
  The Company values its inventories generally at the lower of cost or market price. Market price is based on estimated selling prices less any further costs expected to be incurred for completion and disposal.  
     
  For the U.S. operations, the cost of raw materials and finished goods is determined on a first-in, first-out method and finished goods is comprised of direct materials, direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.   
     
  For the China operations, the cost of nLTO materials is determined on a weighted average method and finished goods is comprised of direct materials, direct labor and an appropriate proportion of overhead.   
     
  The allocation of fixed and variable overhead is reviewed every three months and are recorded to inventory based on normal capacity.  
     
  Inventory reserves are provided to cover risks arising from slow-moving items. The Company writes down the inventory for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based on assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Any idle facility costs or excessive spoilage are recorded as current period charges.   
     
   Prepaid expenses    
     
  Prepaid expenses represent cash paid in advance to suppliers for purchases of raw materials. Advances paid to supplier for purchases of equipment and constructions are classified as long term prepaid expenses.    

Research and Development Expenditures    
       
  Research and development expenditures include salaries, wages and other costs of personnel engaged in research and development, costs of services performed by others for research and development on our behalf are expensed when incurred.   
     
   Stock-Based Compensation    
       
  The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. That cost is recognized over the period during which employee services are provided in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period.  
     
   Defined contribution plan   
     
  Full-time employees of the Company in the People Republic China ( PRC ) participate in a government mandated defined contribution plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. Chinese labor regulations require that PRC operating entities make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages of the employees  salaries. Except for required contributions mentioned above, the Company has no legal obligation for the benefits.  
     
  The total contributions paid were $0.32 million, $0.63 million, $0.87 million and $nil for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

77

Long-Lived Assets    
       
  The Company evaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable.  The carrying value of long-lived assets are considered impaired when the total projected undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset are less than the carrying value.  The Company s estimates of cash flows are based on the information available at the time including the following:  internal budgets; sales forecasts; customer trends; anticipated production volumes; and market conditions over an estimate of the remaining useful life of the asset which may range from 3 to 10 years for most equipment and up to 30 years for building and related building improvements.  If impairment is indicated, the asset value is written down to its estimated fair value. Events or circumstances that could indicate the existence of a possible impairment include obsolescence of the technology, an absence of market demand for the product or the assets used to produce it, a history of operating or cash flow losses and/or the partial or complete lapse of technology rights protection.  
     
  Included in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31, 2015 is an impairment charge of $0.65 million related to the write-down to fair market value for an asset that was leased to a customer under an operating lease. The asset was sold at a lower price than net book value in January 2016. No impairment was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012.  

Property, plant and equipment   
     
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is recorded using the straight-line method over the following useful lives:  

Building and improvements (years)   
 
   20   
 
  -   
 
  30    

Machinery and equipment (years)   
 
  5   
 
  -   
 
  10    

Furniture, office equipment   others (years)   
 
  3   
 
  -   
 
  7    

Leased asset (years)   
    
 10 

Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term. Construction in progress is related to the construction or development of property (including land) and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for its intended use. Depreciation of equipment commences once it is placed in service and depreciation of buildings and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for their intended use. Land is not depreciated. Construction in progress represents capital expenditures for direct costs of construction or acquisition and design fees incurred, and the interest expenses directly related to the construction. Capitalization of these costs ceases and the construction in progress is transferred to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. Construction in progress is not depreciated.  
     
   Patents   
     
  Patents are related to the Company s nanoparticle production technology and stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is recorded using the straight-line method over the useful life of the patents.   
     
   Land use rights    
     
  Land use rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortization.  Amortization is recorded using the straight-line method over their 50 year useful lives. All land in China is owned by the Chinese government. The government in China, according to law, may sell the right to use the land for a specified period of time. Thus, all of the Company s land purchases in China are considered to be leasehold land under lease arrangements and are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and any recognized impairment loss.   

78

Revenue Recognition        
     
  The Company generates its revenues primarily from four sources; (1) nLTO related product sales, (2) Energy storage systems (referred to as  ESS  or by our brand name  ALTI-ESS ), (3) Collaborations and (4) License fees. The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or service has been performed, the fee is fixed and determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured.   
     
  Revenue from nLTO related product sales, commercial collaborations and license fees is recognized upon delivery of the product, unless specific contractual terms dictate otherwise.   
     
  Revenue from ESS projects is recognized using the Completion Method under the long-term contract accounting. The Company recognizes the full amount of revenue from long-term contracts, defined as contracts longer than twelve months, upon completion, delivery and written acceptance received from the customer. All contract costs incurred are included in the balance sheet as deferred costs until the related revenue is recognized. At each reporting date, the Company reviews its long term contracts to determine if revenue from contracts are expected to exceed the related estimated total costs. In the cases where estimated costs will exceed revenues, the Company recognizes as an expense in cost of goods sold for full amount of the estimated costs above the contract revenue value. Cash received in advance relating to the future performance of services, deliveries of products and/or long term contracts are deferred until the performance of the service is completed, the product is shipped, and/or the contract is completed and accepted by the customer.  
       
   Grant Incentive   
     
  Grant incentives were obtained from the Wu an China Government to be used for construction, purchases of equipment and other expenditures for the nLTO manufacturing facility. The amount received is included in the balance sheet as deferred income and is recognized in the statement of operations as other income over the useful life of the related assets upon placing such assets into service. In all cases, grants are recognized as other income when there is a reasonable assurance that the Company has complied with the conditions attaching to them.  
     
   Accrued Warranty        
         
  The Company s U.S operation provides a three-year limited warranty for battery packs and energy storage systems sold, while the Company s China operation offers a limited one-year warranty on energy storage systems. A liability is recorded for estimated warranty obligations at the date products are sold.  The estimated cost of warranty coverage is based on historical experience with cell and module life cycle testing.  As additional actual historical data is collected on the new product, the estimated cost of warranty coverage will be adjusted accordingly.  The liability for estimated warranty obligations may also be adjusted based on specific warranty issues identified.    
     
   Overhead Allocation    
     
  Facilities overhead and production employee s fringe benefit costs are allocated to research and development and product inventories based on relative labor costs. Production equipment depreciation expense is recorded to cost of goods sold as the equipment is used to produce product sold to customers.  
     
   Comprehensive Income (Loss)   
       
  Recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses are included as net income or loss. Although certain changes in assets and liabilities are reported as separate components of the equity section of the consolidated balance sheet, such items, along with net income or loss, are components of comprehensive income or loss. The components of other comprehensive income or loss consist solely of foreign currency translation adjustments.  
     
   Net Loss per Common Share    
       
  Basic loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the period.  Potentially dilutive shares consist of the incremental shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants.  Potentially dilutive shares are excluded from the computation if their effect is anti-dilutive. The Company had a net loss for all periods presented herein; therefore, none of the stock options and warrants outstanding during each of the periods presented were included in the computation of diluted loss per share as they were anti-dilutive. Stock options and warrants can exercise a total amount of common stock for 445,820, 455,979, 459,423 and 667,745 shares as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, were excluded from the calculations of diluted loss per share.  

79

Advertising, Sales and Marketing Costs   
     
  Advertising, sales and marketing costs are expensed as incurred and are included in sales and marketing expenses in the Company s consolidated statement of operations. Advertising, sales and marketing costs were approximately $0.87 million, $0.63 million, $1.18 million, and $2.86 million, respectively, for the years ending December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012.  

Income Taxes        
         
  The provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach of accounting for income taxes. Under this approach, the provision for income taxes represents income taxes paid or payable (or received or receivable) for the current year plus the change in deferred taxes during the year. Deferred taxes represent the future tax consequences expected to occur when the reported amounts of assets and liabilities are recovered or paid, and result from differences between the financial and tax bases of the Company s assets and liabilities and are adjusted for changes in tax rates and tax laws when enacted.  
     
  Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. In evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management considers all potential sources of taxable income, including income available in carryback periods, future reversals of taxable temporary differences, projections of taxable income, and income from tax planning strategies, as well as all available positive and negative evidence. Positive evidence includes factors such as a history of profitable operations, projections of future profitability within the carryforward period, including from tax planning strategies, and the Company s experience with similar operations. Existing favorable contracts and the ability to sell products into established markets are additional positive evidence. Negative evidence includes items such as cumulative losses, projections of future losses, or carryforward periods that are not long enough to allow for the utilization of a deferred tax asset based on existing projections of income. Deferred tax assets for which no valuation allowance is recorded may not be realized upon changes in facts and circumstances, resulting in a future charge to establish a valuation allowance.  
     
  Tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return are recorded when such benefits meet a more likely than not threshold. Otherwise, these tax benefits are recorded when a tax position has been effectively settled, which means that the statute of limitation has expired or the appropriate taxing authority has completed their examination even though the statute of limitations remains open. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized as part of the provision for income taxes and are accrued beginning in the period that such interest and penalties would be applicable under relevant tax law until such time that the related tax benefits are recognized. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2007.  

Segment reporting   
     
  Segment information is consistent with how the Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer reviews the businesses, makes investing and resource allocation decisions and assesses operating performance. Transfers and sales between reportable segments, if any, are recorded at cost.  
     
  The Company reported financial and operating information in the following two segments as of December 31, 2012:  

(a)   
 
   Power and Energy Group (PEG) segment   The PEG segment is the Company s current and future focus for corporate development. The PEG segment develops, produces, and sells nLTO related battery systems   ESS systems.      

(b)   
 
   The All Others group consists of the remaining portions of the previous Life Sciences and Performance Materials groups.      
       
  As of September 30, 2013, Chief Operating Decision Maker decided to combine both segments into the PEG segment because resource allocation and performance assessment would be concentrated as one operating level and the Company started to manage its business primarily on a geographic basis.   

80

Derivative Financial Instruments   
     
  The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date.  
     
  As of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the Company s consolidated balance sheet included the fair value of a warrant liability of $nil, $nil, $0.35 million, and $0.09 million, respectively (see Note 5 and Note 14).  
     
   Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Guidance   
     
  In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-02,  Leases . ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to record a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 is effective for all interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on the Company s financial statements and disclosures.  
     
  In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08, "Presentation of Financial Statements and Property, Plant and Equipment; Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity." ASU 2014-08 modifies the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. Under the amendments in ASU 2014-08, the definition of discontinued operation has been modified to only include those disposals of an entity that represent a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results. ASU 2014-08 also expands the disclosure requirements for disposals that meet the definition of a discontinued operation and requires entities to disclose information about disposals of individually significant components that do not meet the definition of discontinued operations. ASU 2014-08 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2014 (January 1, 2015 for the Company). The Company s adoption of ASU 2014-08 did not have an impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
     
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers." The purpose of ASU 2014-09 is to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop a common revenue standard for U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The amendments in ASU 2014-09 require a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09, as amended, is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within that period, beginning after December 15, 2017 (January 1, 2018 for the Company) and early adoption is permitted. Companies may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach to adopt ASU 2014-09. The Company has not yet determined the potential effects of the adoption of ASU 2014-09 and ASU 2015-14 on its consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, "Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory." Topic 330, Inventory, currently requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or market, with market value represented by replacement cost, net realizable value or net realizable value less a normal profit margin. ASU 2015-11 requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. ASU 2015-11 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2016 (January 1, 2017 for the Company). The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  

81

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, "Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes," which simplifies the presentation of deferred taxes by requiring that deferred tax assets and liabilities be presented as noncurrent on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted this guidance, prospectively, as of January 1, 2016. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15 (ASU 2014-15),  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,  which provides guidance on determining when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and interim periods thereafter. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
     
  In November 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-16 (ASU 2014-16),  Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity.    The amendments in this ASU do not change the current criteria in U.S. GAAP for determining when separation of certain embedded derivative features in a hybrid financial instrument is required. The amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features, including the embedded derivative feature being evaluated for bifurcation, in evaluating the nature of the host contract. The ASU applies to all entities that are issuers of, or investors in, hybrid financial instruments that are issued in the form of a share and is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
     
  Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

NOTE 4   ELECTRIC BUS SALES   
       
    On April 19, 2012, the Company entered into an Agreement (the  Agreement") with Wu an Municipal People's Government ("Wu'an") and Handan Municipal People's Government ("Handan Government") regarding the establishment by Altair China of a manufacturing facility in the City of Wu'an, in Hebei Province in China. The Agreement also indicates the purchase by Wu'an and Handan of EV Buses beginning in late 2012 and continuing over five years, and the future purchase of electric taxis and energy storage systems. (Note 1)   
     
  Pursuant to the Agreement, on January 6, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Northern Altair, entered into an EV Buses sale agreement with Wu an Transport Bureau, the total contract price, with VAT included was $25.1 million for 165 EV Buses equipped with high efficiency lithium battery. No EV Buses were delivered during the year ended December 31, 2013.  
     
  Pursuant to the Agreement, on May 13, 2014, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Northern Altair, entered into an EV Buses sale agreement with Handan City Public Transportation ( Handan ), the total contract price, with VAT included was $44.5 million for 200 EV Buses.  
     
  During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company delivered 153 EV Buses to Handan and recognized other income of $28.4 million net of the fair value of the financial guarantee provided for Handan.   
     
  During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company delivered 28 EV Buses to Wu an, and 47 EV Buses to Handan and recognized other income of $11.3 million net of the fair value of the financial guarantee provided for Handan.   

82

In connection with the bus sales to Handan, the Company agreed to provide to a third-party leasing entity a security deposit equals to 20% of the contract price. The security deposit is refundable over a ten-year period when Handan completes its obligations to the third-party leasing entity. The difference between the present value of the refundable security deposit and the gross amount was recorded as current period expense and unearned interest income to the security deposit. The unearned interest income is being amortized straight line over the refund period of 10 years.   
     
  In addition, the Company agreed to pay an initial 8% of the contract price for rebates and to make subsequent quarterly payments, for a ten-year period, to a third-party leasing company as an incentive. The net present value of the quarterly payments is recorded as current period expense. The difference between the present value of subsequent quarterly payments and the gross amount was recorded as unrecognized interest expense and then amortized over ten-year period.  

NOTE 5   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL MEASUREMENTS   
     
  The Company s financial instruments are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:  
     
  Level 1   Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity can access as of the measurement date.  
     
  Level 2   Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.  
     
  Level 3   Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.  
     
  In arriving at fair-value estimates, the Company engaged a third party valuation expert who utilizes the most observable inputs available for the valuation technique employed. If a fair-value measurement reflects inputs at multiple levels within the hierarchy, the fair-value measurement characterized based upon the lowest level of input that is significant is applied to the fair-value measurement. For the Company, recurring fair-value measurements are performed for warrant liabilities.  
     
   Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis   
     
  The warrant liability is recognized in the balance sheet at their fair value (level 3). Changes in the fair values of the warrant liability are reported in earnings. The Company does not hold any derivative liability financial instruments that reduce risk associated with hedging exposure nor has the Company designated any of its warrant liability as hedge instruments.  

83

The Company has no items valued using Level 1 and Level 2 inputs. The fair values and corresponding classifications under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy of outstanding warrants recorded as recurring liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet were recorded using level 3 inputs based on a Monte Carlo option simulation model, which uses prevailing interest rates, Company s stock price volatility and expected warrant term.  
     
   Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis   
     
  During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company has entered into several agreements to provide financial guarantees in relation to the EV Bus sales (See Note 4). The Company engaged a third party valuation expert to determine the fair value of the financial guarantees. Fair value (level 3) of the financial guarantee at December 31, 2015 and 2014 amounted to $0.21 million and $0.02 million, respectively.  
     
  The Company s remaining financial instruments consist principally of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and short-term notes payable. The carrying amounts of such financial instruments in the accompanying balance sheets approximate their fair values due to their relatively short-term nature. It is management s opinion that the Company is not exposed to any significant currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments.  
     
   NOTE 6   PRODUCT INVENTORIES   
     
  Inventory relates to the production of battery systems targeted at the electric grid, transportation, and industrial markets, which consisted of the following at December 31 (In thousands of dollars):  

As of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, reserve for inventories, totaled $0.13 million, $0.13 million, $0.10 million and $0.33 million, respectively.   
     
   NOTE 7   PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER ASSETS   
     
  Prepaid expenses and other assets consist of the following at December 31 (In thousands of dollars):  

84

Prepaid inventory purchases-related party represents advance payments to a related party, Yinlong Energy, for purchases of inventory.  
     
  Other receivable consist of due from the third party companies, which were incurred when the Company agreed to resell the EV Bus to the third party companies.  
     
  Other assets, non-current consists of due from a third party leasing company, which were incurred when the Company agreed to provide to a third party leasing company a security deposit equals to 20% of the contract price and is refundable over a ten-year period upon Handan s completion of its obligations to the third-party leasing entity (Note 4).   
     
  The following lists the components of the net present value of long term receivable (In thousands of dollars):  

As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the aggregate effective interest rate on amortized unearned interest income of long term receivable is approximately 10.00% per annum.  
     
  As of December 31, 2015, future minimum collections are as follows:  

Deferred contract costs consist of the following (In thousands of dollars):  

Deferred contract costs were costs deferred for multiple large scale projects for which revenue was received but not recognized in accordance with completed contract method.   

85

Patents are associated with the nanomaterials and titanium dioxide pigment technology, which the Company is amortizing on a straight-line basis over their useful lives and is summarized as follows at December 31(In thousands of dollars):  

Amortization expense, for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, was $0.08 million for each year. Annual amortization expense relating to patents will be approximately $0.05 million starting in 2016.  
     
   NOTE 8   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT   
       
  Property, plant and equipment consists of the following at December 31 (In thousands of dollars):  

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 totaled approximately $0.93 million, $1.27 million, $0.99 million, and $0.95 million, respectively.  

NOTE 9   LAND   US  E RIGHTS      
     
  From fiscal year 2012 to 2015, Northern Altair signed agreements to receive five separate Land Use Rights for a period of 50 years with land sizes of approximately 66 acres, 40 acres, 10 acres, 8.6 acres and, 13.7 acres, respectively, of industrial land in Wu an, China from Hebei Wu an Municipal People s Government. The Company paid approximately $12.17 million, $8.58 million, $1.86 million, $2.15 million and $ 2.93 million for each Land Use Right respectively. Payment amount included land transfer tax and other fees. These Land Use Rights are being used for the Company s nLTO and energy storage system manufacturing operations in China. Upon the 50 year expiration of the Land Use Rights, the Company will be required to bid again to obtain an extension of these rights. The company received various incentives and grants from the Wu an government in conjunction with obtaining the Land Use Rights (see Note 11).  

As consideration for the land use rights, Northern Altair agreed to make fixed asset investments on the land of approximately $314.85 million, subject to grant incentives from Wu an, China, over period of 50-year life of the land use rights, with initial construction occurring in 2013. Additional construction phases will be contingent upon loan guarantees and other incentives from Wu an, China as well as other market conditions. The total fixed asset and intangible asset investments shall include the cost of buildings, structures, auxiliary facilities and equipment.   
     
  The following summarizes Land Use Rights as of December 31 (In thousands of dollars):  

86

The carrying amount pledged as of December 31 (In thousands of dollars):   

The Land Use Rights were recorded at cost and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over its 50-year useful life. The amortization expense was approximately $0.55 million, $0.51 million, $0.39 million and $0.05 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The Company expects to record amortization expense of approximately $0.59 million starting in 2016.  
     
   NOTE 10   ACCRUED WARRANTY   
     
  Accrued warranty consisted of the following at December 31 (In thousands of dollars):  

NOTE 11   GRANT INCENTIVES   
       
  In conjunction with the Land Use Rights obtain by Northern Altair (Note 9), Northern Altair applied for and received various incentives and grants from the Wu an China Government. Such grants and incentives are required to be used to support the construction of planned facilities in Wu an China and the purchase of related manufacturing equipment. During the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 the Company received grant incentives of $2.58 million, $8.81 million, $5.51 million and $11.87 million, respectively.  
     
  In addition, the Company received grant incentives $0.64 million to be used for plant construction during year ended December 31, 2015.   
     
  Grant amounts received are included in the balance sheet as deferred income and are recognized as income over the useful life of the related assets upon placing such assets into service. The following summarizes grant incentives for the years ended December 31 (in thousands of dollars):  

87

NOTE 12   NOTES PAYABLE   
     
  Note payable consists of trade acceptance and bank loans as discussed below (in thousands of dollars):   

Trade Acceptances    
   
  The Company issued trade acceptances to suppliers. Trade acceptances are presented to certain suppliers as a payment against the outstanding trade payable. These trade acceptances are non-interest bearing and mature within six months. Trade acceptances were secured by restricted cash deposited in the bank with amount of $0.23 million as of December 31, 2013 (See Note 3) and were secured by pledge of certificate of deposit with amount of $5.39 million as of December 31, 2015.  
     
    Bank Loans    
     
  Bank loans represent loans from commercial banks that were used for working capital and capital expenditures purposes.   

88

The total carrying amount of Land Use Rights that have been pledged as collateral to secure financing from commercial banks is $20.22 million, $21.79 million, $22.39 million, and $nil as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
     
  The total carrying amount of certificate of deposits that have been pledged as collateral to secure financing from commercial banks is $20.02 million, $nil, $2.93 million, and $nil as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
     
   The total carrying amount of restricted cash set aside to secure financing from commercial banks is $nil, $4.14 million, $4.09 million, and $5.95 million as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  
     
  The total carrying amount of note receivable from related parties that have been pledged as collateral to secure financing from commercial banks is $1.54 million, $nil, $nil, and $nil as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively (See Note 17).  
     
  As of December 31, 2015, a short term bank loan with amounting to $20.02 million was secured of guarantee from a related party, Zhuhai Yinlong Energy, personal guarantees executed by certain directors of the Company, and guarantee from a third party (See Note 17); long term bank loans with amounting to $6.93 million was secured of guarantee from a third party.  
     
  As of December 31, 2014, a short term bank loan with amounting to $21.11 million was secured of guarantee from a third party; long term bank loans with amounting to $7.31 million was secured of guarantee from a third party.  
     
  As of December 31, 2013, a short term bank loan with amounting to $3.27 million was secured of guarantee from a third party.  
      
  Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $2.95 million, $5.56 million, $0.23 million and $0.14 million, respectively. Capitalized interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $2.79 million, $nil, $0.57 million and $nil, respectively   
     
  In addition to guarantee provided by related parties discussed above, some third parties have also pledge on same guarantee for total amount of $20.02 million, $nil, $nil, $nil as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, and 2012 respectively.   
     
  As of December 31, 2015, the Company is required to pay principal amounts of $70.5 million in 2016 with the remainder of $6.6 million payable in 2017.  
     
   NOTE 13   STOCK BASED COMPENSATION   
     
  As of December 31, 2015, the Company has a 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), which is administered by the Board of Directors and provides for the granting of options and restricted shares to employees, officers, directors and other service providers.   The total number of shares authorized to be granted under the Plan, as amended, is 1,208,333. Shares approved by the stockholders are 833,333 and not available for stock option issuance at this time, as the Board of Directors has not authorized the filing of the related Registration Statement on Form S-8. As of December 31, 2015, options for 19,696 shares of common stock are outstanding.   
     
  Prior stock option plans, under which the Company may not make future grants, authorized a total of 275,000 shares, of which options for 38,105 shares of common stock were granted (net of expirations) and options for 13,345 shares of common stock are outstanding and unexercised at December 31, 2015.  
     
  Options granted under the Plans are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair value of a common share at the date of grant, have five-year or ten-year terms and typically vest over periods ranging from immediately to four years from the date of grant.  The estimated fair value of equity-based awards, less expected forfeitures, is amortized over the awards  vesting period utilizing the graded vesting method.  Under this method, unvested amounts begin amortizing at the beginning of the month in which the options are granted.  

89

In calculating compensation recorded related to stock option grants for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the fair value of each stock option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions (there were no grants during the year ended December 31, 2015):  

The computation of expected volatility used in the Black-Scholes Merton option-pricing model is based on the historical volatility of the Company s share price. The expected term is estimated based on a review of historical and future expectations of employee exercise behavior. The risk-free interest rates are based on a yield curve of interest rates at the time of the grant based on the contractual life of the option.  
     
  A summary of option activity under the Plans as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, and changes during the year then ended is presented below:  

90

As of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2012, the aggregate intrinsic value was $nil and as of December 31, 2013, the aggregate intrinsic value was $0.15 million. As of December 31, 2015, there was no unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested options granted under the plans. Further, the intrinsic value of these options was $nil as of December 31, 2015.  
     
  A summary of the status of non-vested options at December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and changes during the year then ended, is presented below:  

NOTE 14   WARRANTS   
     
  The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation model and the following weighted average assumptions were used:  

91

As of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the value of the warrant liabilities was approximately $nil, $nil, $0.35 million and $0.09 million, respectively, and the change in fair value during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2012 was a gain of approximately $nil, $0.34 million and $0.56 million, respectively, and during the year ended December 31, 2013 was a loss of $0.26 million. Warrants outstanding were exercisable from prices ranging from $13.80 to $15.36 and for each of the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 with weighted average exercise prices of $14.93 for each of the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, and 2012. Warrants outstanding were 412,779 as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and there were no warrants issued, expired, redeemed or exercised during each of the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012. The warrants expire on various dates through September 2016.  

NOTE 15   BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION   
       
  As of December 31, 2012, the Company reported its business in two reportable segments (a) Power and Energy Group segment ( PEG ) and (b) All Other operations which are presented below (in thousands of dollars):  

(a)   
 
   Power and Energy Group (PEG) segment   The PEG segment is the Company s current and future focus for corporate development. The PEG segment develops, produces, and sells battery systems and larger utility-scale energy storage system projects.      

(b)    
 
  The All Others group consists of the remaining portions of the previous Life Sciences and Performance Materials groups.     

The Power and Energy Group develops, produces, and sells battery systems.  The All Others group consists of the remaining portions of the previous Life Sciences and Performance Materials groups.  As of December 31, 2012, Management completed a thorough review of operations and strategies and determined that it was in the best interests of the shareholders of the Company to focus primarily on the Power and Energy Group.  As a result of this, assessment resources devoted to the Performance Materials Group and Life Sciences Group were considerably reduced and no new development is being pursued in those areas by the Company.   
     
  Beginning September 30, 2013, Chief Operating Decision Maker decided to combine both segments into the PEG segment because resource allocation and performance assessment would be concentrated as one operating level and the Company started to manage its business primarily on a geographic basis.   

92

Listed customers which accounted for more than 10% of Revenues:   

Sales to customers which accounted for more than 10% of Account Receivable:   

93

Revenues for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, and 2012 by geographic area based on location of customers were as follows (In thousands of dollars):  

Geographic information for long-lived assets, which was based on physical location of the assets, was as follows (In thousands of dollars):  

Geographic information for revenue, which was based on physical location of operations, was as follows (In thousands of dollars):  

NOTE 16  TAX  ATION   
       
     Income Tax     
     
  The domestic and foreign component of loss before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, and 2012 are as follows (In thousands of dollars):  

94

The Company s net loss before provision for income taxes during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 is as follows (In thousands of dollars):  

Because of the net operating losses and a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, there was no provision for income taxes recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for each of the four years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012.   
        
  The components of the deferred tax assets consisted of the following as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 (In thousands of dollars):  

95

Based on the historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred income tax assets become deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize benefits of these deductible differences as of December 31, 2015. Management has, therefore, established a full valuation allowance against its net deferred income tax assets as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, and 2012.   
     
  As of December 31, 2015, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carry-forwards of $60.4 million d $1.9 million, respectively. The Company s federal and state net operating loss carry-forwards begin to expire in 2018 and 2016, respectively. At December 31, 2015, the Company had net operating loss carry-forwards in China of $14.3 million that begin to expire in 2020.  
     
  Due to the significant increase in common stock issued and outstanding from 2005 through 2012, Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code may provide significant limitations on the utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards. The Company performed section 382 analysis and as a result of these limitations, it is estimated that as of December 31, 2012, approximately $135.6 million operating loss carry-forwards have or will expire without being utilized.   
      
  The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S., and China. Management records liabilities for income tax contingencies based on its best estimate of the underlying exposures. The Company has not been audited by any jurisdiction since its inception in 1998. The Company is open for audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, the Canada Revenue Agency, and the Chinese Ministry of Finance and U.S. state tax jurisdictions from 2012 to 2015.  
     
  There were no material uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012. Interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are not material. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.  

NOTE 17   RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS   
     
  Related parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or significant influence, such as a family member or relative, stockholder, or a related corporation  .  
     
  During the periods presented, the details of the related party balances were as follows   (In thousands of dollars)  

a. Balance            

During the periods presented, the Company sold products to related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in businesses of production and selling of lithium-ion power batteries and energy storage batteries.  

96

During the periods presented, the Company made prepayments to related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in purchasing of electric buses from Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy and Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.  

During the periods presented, government grants were funded to Heibei Yinglong New Energy and the Company received the government grant from Heibei Yinlong New Energy.  

During the periods presented, the Company received a refund from Zhuhai Yinlong due to prior prepayment of purchase orders which have been canceled.  

During the periods presented, the Company paid operation expenses on behalf of Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.   

During the periods presented, the Company provided Mr. Sun Guohua with a traveling advance.   

Related Party (listed above) issued trade acceptances to the Company. Trade acceptances are presented to the Company as a payment against the outstanding trade payable. These trade acceptances are non-interest bearing and mature within six months.   

97

During the periods presented, the Company provided the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

During the periods presented, the Company had trade payable and other payable to related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in purchasing of electric cells from Hebei Yinlong New Energy and purchasing of electric buses from Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.  

During the periods presented, the Company sold products to related party (listed above), mainly engaged in producing and selling of lithium-ion power batteries and energy storage batteries.  

98

During the periods presented, the Company issued the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

During the periods presented, the Company issued trade acceptances to related party (listed above). Trade acceptances are presented to related parties as a payment against the outstanding trade payable. These trade acceptances are non-interest bearing and mature within six months.   

b. Transaction    

During the periods presented, the Company sold products to related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in businesses of production and selling of lithium-ion power batteries and energy storage batteries.  

99

During the periods presented, the Company purchased from related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in purchasing of electric cells from Hebei Yinlong New Energy and purchasing of electric buses from Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy and Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.  

During the periods presented, the Company paid operation expenses on behalf of Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.  

During the periods presented, the Company provided Mr. Sun Guohua with a traveling advance.   

100

During the periods presented, the Company received the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

During the periods presented, the Company provided the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

During the periods presented, the Company used the Land Use Right as pledge and provided guarantee for amount of $3.67 million to Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Auto Co., Ltd to secure financing from commercial banks. (Note 9)  
   
  During the periods presented, Mr. Wei Yincang, Mr. Wei Guohua, and Mr. Sun Guohua have jointly provided guarantee the Company to secure financing from commercial banks for total amount of $20.02 million. (Note 12)  

Tick marks   

a.   
 
  Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd ( Zhuhai Yinlong ) is the majority shareholder of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc     

b.   
 
  Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd ( Hebei Yinlong ) is the wholly owned subsidiary of Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd, hence Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd and Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. are companies commonly controlled by the same parent company     

c.   
 
  Zhuhai Guangtong Auto Co., Ltd. (and its Handan Branch) is the wholly owned subsidiary of Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd, hence Zhuhai Guangtong Auto Co., Ltd and Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. are companies commonly controlled by the same parent company     

d.   
 
  Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd indirectly holds 100% ownership of Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Auto Co., Ltd, hence Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Auto Co., Ltd and Altair Nanotechnologies Inc., are the companies commonly controlled by the same parent company      

e.   
 
  Guangdong Yintong Investment Holdings Group Co., Ltd is owned by Wei Yincang, Chairman of the Company     

f.   
 
  Mr. Sun Guohua is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company      

g.   
 
  Mr. Wei Guohua is the Director of Board of the Company     

h.   
 
  Mr. Wei Yincang is the Chairman of the Company     

i.   
 
  Yintong Energy ( YTE ) is an affiliate of Hui Neng Investment Holding Limited ( Hui Neng ) formerly known as  Canon Investment Holding, Ltd, ( Canon )       

101

NOTE 18   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
     
    Capital Commitment - Construction     
     
  As discussed further in Note 9, in conjunction with the Land Use Rights obtained by Northern Altair, the Company agreed to make fixed asset investments on the land of approximately $314.85 million, subject to loan guarantees and other incentives from Wu an, China, over an unspecified period of time up to the 50-year life of the land use rights, with initial construction occurring in 2013 and continuing into 2017.  
     
    Capital Commitment   Equipment     
       
  The Company has contractual obligations related to future capital expenditures to purchase equipment as of December 31, 2015. The Company's commitment for minimum payment under these contractual obligations as of December 31, 2015 is $2.96 million. The Company's commitment for minimum payment under these contractual obligations as of December 31, 2015 is as follows:  
     
  Minimum future commitments under capital agreements payable:  

Lease    
     
  The Company leases a 70,000 square feet facility in Flagship Business Accelerator Building located at 3019 Enterprise Drive, Anderson, Indiana under a triple net lease with Flagship Enterprise Center, Inc. The facility was used for the production of prototype batteries and battery systems.  The lease amended on January 27, 2015 will expire on June 30, 2017. Any lease renewal options will be negotiated no less than six (6) months prior to the expiration of this lease. Annual rent under this lease is $0.26 million plus IT fees, utilities and maintenance. As such, the Company will incur minimum rent payments of $0.26 million, $0.26 million, and $0.13 million during the years ended December 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. Effective May 1, 2016, the Company agreed to pay $0.14 million as a payment to terminate the lease effective by the end of May 2016. Use of the facility has been agreed upon until a new tenant is found. The landlord will give the Company thirty days notice at their discretion. The Company expects to find new office space for the current employees in the general Anderson, Indiana area at a reduced rate and space requirement by the end of the second quarter of 2017.  

Litigation    
     
  The Company is in certain legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. Legal expenses associated with the contingency are expensed as incurred. Material legal proceedings that are currently pending are as follows:  
     
    In re Altair Nanotechnologies Securities Litigation,    1:14-cv-07828 (S.D.N.Y.) : On September 26, 2014, a shareholder of the Company filed a putative class action against the Company and certain of its current and former officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. An amended complaint was filed on July 21, 2015. The lawsuit alleged violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based upon statements made between May 15, 2013 and September 4, 2014, inclusive, regarding the Company s financial statements and internal controls.  Plaintiff sought unspecified monetary damages on behalf of the alleged class, as well as interest, and attorney s fees and costs of litigation. On November 30, 2015, the parties executed a Stipulation of Settlement, without defendants admitting liability.  Pursuant to the Stipulation of Settlement, in exchange for a release from liability, defendants agreed to pay $1.5 million to be distributed among the putative class members in a manner determined by the Court.  In December 2015, the Company accrued $600,000 for the remainder of the insurance policy deductible and paid the liability in April 2016. The Court approved the settlement and dismissed the action on June 17, 2016.   

102

In re Altair Nanotechnologies Shareholder Derivative Litigation,    1:14-cv-09418, 1:14-cv-09958 (S.D.N.Y.) : In late 2014, two shareholder derivative actions were filed against certain current and former officers and directors of the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.  Altair was named as a nominal defendant. The two cases, which were consolidated on May 15, 2015, allege violations of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as breaches of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment based on substantially the same facts underlying the putative securities litigation. In July 2016, certain parties executed a stipulation of settlement, without defendants admitting liability, whereby Altair agreed to adopt certain governance proposals and pay an amount not exceeding $150,000 in plaintiffs  attorneys  fees and expenses. The court entered an order preliminarily approving the settlement on August 22, 2016, and has scheduled a settlement hearing for January 9, 2017.  If the settlement receives final approval, this action will be dismissed in its entirety.  Notice of the proposed settlement is available on Altair s website.  A summary notice has also been published online. As of the balance sheet reporting date, the Company do not have reasonable estimation of settlement amount.    
     
    In the Matter of Altair Nanotechnologies, Inc.   (LA-4452): In or around January 2015, SEC opened an investigation into the resignation of Crowe Horwath LLP ( Crowe ) as Altair s independent auditor in August 2014.  As part of its investigation, the SEC issued several subpoenas to the Company and its current and former officers relating to Crowe s resignation and a Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 13, 2015.  On May 4, 2016, the SEC sent Altair a Wells Notice identifying possible violations of Sections 13(a) and 13(b)(2)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 thereunder.  On August 29, 2016, the Company made an offer of settlement to the SEC whereby it consented to the entry of an order, without admitting or denying the findings therein except as to the SEC s jurisdiction, that the Company:  (i) cease and desist from committing or causing violations of Sections 13(a) and 13(b)(2)B) of the Exchange Act and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 thereunder; (ii) make certain filings with the SEC by November 15, 2016 or have the registration of its securities under the Exchange Act revoked; and (iii) pay a civil money penalty in the amount of $250,000 within 10 days of the entry of the order. Such offer of settlement was accepted by the SEC and resulted in a Release No. 78997 dated September 29, 2016 with respect to the same. In August 2016, the Company accrued $250,000 and deposited the funds into escrow which was paid from escrow to the SEC in October 2016.  As of the balance sheet reporting date, the Company do not have reasonable estimation of settlement amount. 
     
   NOTE 19   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   
     
  On December 6, 2012, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock at a ratio of one-for-six, effective close of business on December 17, 2012. The Company s stockholders previously approved the reverse split in November 2012. As a result of the reverse split, every six shares of common stock outstanding were combined into one share of common stock. The reverse stock split did not affect the amount of equity the Company has nor did it affect the Company s market capitalization. All previously reported share and per share amounts have been restated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements to reflect the reverse stock split.  
     
  On November 20, 2013, the Company issued 16,668 shares of its common stock for 16,668 options exercised at $2.88 per share. The Company received cash of $0.05 million.  

NOTE 20   SUBSEQUENT EVENT  S   
     
    Loan from CITIC Bank    
   
 On March 4, 2016, Northern Altair entered into mortgage contract with CITIC Bank. Pursuant to the mortgage contract, Northern Altair used a land use right with land size of approximately 13.7 acres pledged and provided guarantee to Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Auto Co., Ltd to secure financing from CITIC Bank. The loan obtained by Shijiazhuang Zhongbo" Auto Co., Ltd from CITIC Bank was with amounting to $16.9 million and term from March 15, 2016 to March 15, 2017. 

103

Loan from Commercial Bank    
     
  On May 6, 2016, Northern Altair entered into a loan agreement with a commercial bank. Northern Altair obtained loan approximately $5.3 million from the commercial bank with term May 6, 2016 to September 16, 2016. Certificate of deposit amounting to $5.3 million was pledged as collateral to secure this loan.  
     
    Related Parties Debt     Netting Off    
     
  In May 2016, the Company, related party creditors, and related party debtors agreed to net off the amount due from related parties against the amount due to related parties. Thereby, the Company is released from the debt obligation for a total amount of $13.32 million and the Company transferred the ownership of loans receivable to related parties for total amount of 13.32 million  .  
        
  Related parties involved in settlement are presented in the following table (in thousands dollars):  

Loans Paid    
     
  On July 19, 2016, Northern Altair paid off a two year loan (term dates were from November 6, 2014 to November 5, 2016) with WRCC for approximately $15.9 million.  

104

Failed Sale- Leaseback     
     
  On July 26, 2016, the Company entered into a contract with Golden Investment to sell 55 pieces of equipment currently in use and simultaneously leased it back. The Company regains the ownership of the assets at the end of the lease term and the Company also assumes all risks of damages to the assets and continued to manage, control, administrate, and operate the assets. These rights and obligations constitute continuing involvement, which result in a failed sale-leaseback (financing) accounting. Under failed sale-leaseback accounting, the Company is deemed owner of the assets and the transaction is treated as a financing arrangement. The lease term is for 60 months commencing on July 28, 2016. The first lease payment was made on July 27, 2016 and the subsequent payment is due every six months starting from the first payment date.  
     
  In connection with the financing arrangement, the Company pledged the 55 pieces of equipment as collateral to the lessor and the following related parties individually entered into a guaranty contract with the lessor to provide joint liability guarantee for the payments under the financing arrangement: 1) Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd, 2) Zhuhai Guangtong Auto Co., Ltd, 3) Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Auto Co., Ltd, and 4) Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co.  
       
    Capital Leases     
       
  On August 8, 2016, Northern Altair entered into a purchasing contract with Hengxin, a third party and thirteen other suppliers, where Hengxin will purchase the equipment selected by the Company from the suppliers and then lease them back to the Company. The lease term is initially for five years and contingent upon the occurrence of certain events, Hengxin has the rights to (i) reduce the lease term from five years to three years or (ii) upon default by the Company, Hengxin has the right to convert the remaining balance owed under the financing arrangement into the equity of the Company.   
     
  In connection with the financing arrangement, the Company pledged the leased equipment as collateral to Hengxin and the following related parties individually entered into a guaranty contract with the lessor to provide joint liability guarantee for the lease payments :.Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd, Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Auto Co., Ltd, Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co., In addition, Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co. pledged its accounts receivable with the lessor.  
     
  In connection with the financing arrangement, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with the lessor. The consulting agreement stipulated an additional consulting fee of 6% of the total purchase price of the equipment by the lessor. The Company accounted for the consulting agreement as down payment for the capital lease as in substance those payments resemble required return by the lessor.  
       
      The first payment of rent was made on September 19 2016, and subsequent payment is due every six months. starting from the first payment date. According to the lease contract, the Company has a purchase option, renewal option or can just return the equipment at the end of lease term provided that the Company is not in default.  .  

105

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   

106

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
      (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares and per share amounts)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

107

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
      (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares and per share amounts)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

108

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

109

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
     (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares     and per share amounts)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

110

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
      (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares and per share amounts)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

111

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

112

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares     and per share amounts)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

113

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
      (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares and per share amounts)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

114

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

115

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares     and per share amounts)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

116

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares and per share amounts)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

117

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars)   
   (Unaudited)   

Nine Months Ended September 30,     ended    

2014    

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES    

Net loss   
   
 $ 
 (13,550 
 )  

Adjustment to Reconcile Net loss to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities   

Depreciation and amortization   

1,436 

Accretion   

(5 
 )  

Share-based compensation   

(17 
 )  

Change in fair value of warrants   

(349 
 )  

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities   

Accounts receivable, net   

261 

Product inventories, net   

821 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets   

(13,027 
 )  

Deferred contract costs   

(69 
 )  

Trade accounts payable   

(2,338 
 )  

Accrued salaries and benefits   

137 

Accrued warranty   

(48 
 )  

Accrued liabilities   

(517 
 )  

Deferred revenue and customer deposit   

452 

Deferred income - Grant Incentives   

8,208 

Other liabilities   

356 

Amounts due from related parties   

(4,719 
 )  

Other non-current asset   

(380 
 )  

Restricted cash   

(243 
 )  

Net Cash   Used in   Operating Activities    

(23,591  
  )   

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES    

Change in restricted cash   

- 

Placement of time deposit   

(5,684 
 )  

Maturity of time deposit   

2,932 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment   

(1,763 
 )  

Purchase of land use right   

(3,851 
 )  

Repayment from (loan to) related party   

(14,307 
 )  

Net Cash   Used in   Investing Activities    

(22,673  
  )   

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES    

Change in restricted cash   

143 

Repayment of trade acceptance   

(116 
 )  

Proceeds from notes payable   

39,837 

Repayment of notes payable   

(10,865 
 )  

Proceeds of related party notes   

20,917 

Repayment of capital lease obligation   

(6 
 )  

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities    

49,910  

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents    

(3,698  
  )   

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS    

(52 
 )  

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS,  beginning of period   

1,289 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS,  end of period   
   
 $ 
 1,237 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION       

Cash paid during the period for:   

Income taxes   
   
 $ 
 - 

Interest expense   

3,975 

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

118

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares     and per share amounts)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

119

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares and per share amounts)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

120

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

121

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares     and per share amounts)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

122

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars, except shares and per share amounts)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

123

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
   (Expressed in thousands of United States Dollars)   
   (Unaudited)   

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements.  

124

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
   
   Note     1          Basis of Presentation and Going Concern    
     
   Description of the Company and Business   
     
  Altair Nanotechnologies Inc., (the  Company ) is a Delaware corporation that develops, manufactures and sells nano lithium titanate batteries and energy storage systems. The Company s nano lithium titanate battery systems offer higher power density, longer cycle life, rapid charge and discharge capabilities, a wider operating temperature range and higher levels of safety than conventional lithium-ion batteries. The Company targets applications that utilize the key attributes of its technology with product applications mainly found in the electric grid, transportation (commercial vehicles), and industrial market segments.   
     
   Basis of Presentation   
     
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information, instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and disclosures required by U.S. GAAP for annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, such statements include all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring items) which are considered necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position of the Company and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. The results of operations for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year.  
     
  These interim unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures of the Company included in the Company s Comprehensive Report for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012, included elsewhere in this filing. The Company s accounting policies are more fully described in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this filing and also in the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012.  
     
   Going Concern   
     
  The Company anticipates continuing to have negative cash flows from operations as it ramps up production at their new manufacturing facilities. If the Company is not able to refinance its debt or obtain additional capital, the Company will not be able to pay off its current debt obligations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  
     
  Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital and to ultimately generate revenues at a level that will result in profitability and positive cash flows from operations. To address these matters, we are taking actions to pay off loans when due, refinance existing loans if needed, obtain capital leases, obtain additional loans collateralized by the land use rights, third party guarantees and other assets, and obtain approval for additional grant incentives from the government of Wu an, China. However, there can be no assurance that additional grant funds to support our capital needs will be available to us and that we will be able to refinance existing loans, obtain additional loans, or raise further funds through other sources such as through an equity offering. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions, be on terms that are not satisfactory to us, or contain covenants on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of convertible debt and equity financing.  

125

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
   
   Principles of Consolidation    
     
  The unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries which include (1) Altair U.S. Holdings, (2) Altairnano, Inc., (3) Altair China and (4) Northern Altair. All of the subsidiaries are either incorporated in the United States of America or China. Inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  
     
   Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Guidance   
     
  See Note 3 to the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The adoption of these changes had no impact on the unaudited consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.  
     
   Note 2            Restricted Cash    
     
  The Company s restricted cash represents cash required to be deposited to secure bank loans (standby letter of credit)  , issue trade acceptance, and used for the State Grid Corporation project which classified under other category.   
     
  Restricted cash comprised the following (in thousands of dollars):  

Note 3          Fair Value Measurements and Other Financial Measurements    
     
  The carrying amounts of cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and notes payable approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amounts of the Company s short term credit obligations approximate fair value because the effective yields on these obligations are comparable to rates of returns for instruments of similar credit risk. The Company performs recurring fair-value measurements for its warrant liabilities.  
     
  The fair values and corresponding classifications under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy of outstanding warrants recorded as recurring liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet were recorded using level 3 inputs based on a Monte Carlo option simulation model, which uses prevailing interest rates, Company s stock price volatility and expected warrant term. Based on the valuation model used by the Company, the value of the warrant liability was determined to be $0.01 for each of the quarters ended September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015 and March 31, 2015; $0.01, $0.21 million, $0.39 million, for the quarters ended September 30, 2014, June 30, 2014, March 31, 2014, respectively. The change in the market value of the warrants are recorded in Other (expense) income for each of the periods presented.  

126

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
     
                 During the quarters ended September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015, March 31, 2015 and September 30, 2014, the Company has entered into several agreements to provide financial guarantees in relation to the EV Bus sales (See note 4). The Company engaged a third party valuation expert to determine the fair value of the financial guarantees.  
     
  The Company s remaining financial instruments consist principally of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and short-term notes payable. The carrying amounts of such financial instruments in the accompanying balance sheets approximate their fair values due to their relatively short-term nature. It is management s opinion that the Company is not exposed to any significant currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments.  
     
   NOTE 4   ELECTRIC BUS SALES   
       
    On April 19, 2012, the Company entered into an Agreement (the  Agreement") with Wu an Municipal People's Government ("Wu'an") and Handan Municipal People's Government ("Handan Government") regarding the establishment by Altair China of a manufacturing facility in the City of Wu'an, in Hebei Province in China. The Agreement also indicates the purchase by Wu'an and Handan of EV Buses beginning in late 2012 and continuing over five years, and the future purchase of electric taxis and energy storage systems.   
     
  Pursuant to the Agreement, on January 6, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Northern Altair, entered into an EV Buses sale agreement with Wu an Transport Bureau, the total contract price, with VAT included, was $25.1 million for 165 EV Buses equipped with high efficiency lithium battery.   
     
  Pursuant to the Agreement, on May 13, 2014, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Northern Altair, entered into an EV Buses sale agreement with Handan City Public Transportation ( Handan ), the total contract price, with VAT included, was $44.5 million for 200 EV Buses.   
   
  In connection with the bus sales to Handan, the Company agreed to provide to a third-party leasing entity a security deposit equals to 20% of the contract price. The security deposit is refundable over ten-year period when Handan completed its obligations to the third-party leasing entity. The difference between the present value of the refundable security deposit and the gross amount was recorded as current period expense and unearned interest income to the security deposit. The unearned interest income was amortized straight line over the refund period of 10 years.   
     
  In addition, the Company agreed to pay an initial 8% of the contract price for rebates and to make subsequent quarterly payments, for a ten-year period, to a third-party leasing company as an incentive. The net present value of the quarterly payments is recorded as current period expense. The difference between the present value of subsequent quarterly payments and the gross amount was recorded as unrecognized interest expense and then amortized over ten-year period.  

Other income recognized, bus delivered quantities, and other expense incurred as shown quarterly below:  

127

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   

Note 5          PRODUCT Inventories    
     
  Inventory relates to the production of battery systems targeted at the electric grid, transportation, and industrial markets, which consisted of the following (in thousands of dollars):  

The Company recorded reserve for inventories of $0.13 million as of September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015, and March 31, 2015, respectively; $0.10 million as of September 30, 2014, June 30, 2014 and March 31, 2014, respectively.  

128

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
     
   Note 6          PREPAID expenses AND oTHER Assets     
       
  Prepaid expenses and other current and non-current assets consist of the following (in thousands of dollars):  

129

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
      
  Other assets, non-current consist of the following (in thousands of dollars):  

Other receivable consist of due from the third party companies, which were incurred when the Company agreed to resale the electric bus to the third party companies.  
     
  The deferred contract costs were incurred, under the completed contract method, for multiple large scale projects for which revenue has not been recognized.   
     
  Prepaid equipment purchase consists of other costs related to the Company s China operations, which will be transferred to property, plant and equipment once such assets are placed in service.   
     
  Other assets, non-current consists of due from a third party leasing company which were incurred when the Company agreed to provide to a third party leasing company a security deposit, 20% of contract price, which is refundable over a ten-year period upon Handan s completion of its obligations to the third-party leasing entity (Note 4).  
     
    Patent    
     
   Patents are associated with the nanomaterials and titanium dioxide pigment technology, which the Company is amortizing on a straight-line basis over their useful lives and is summarized as follows (in thousands of dollars):  

From fiscal year 2013 to fiscal year 2015, amortization quarterly expense was approximately $0.02 million. Annual amortization expense relating to patents will be approximately $0.01 million each quarter starting in 2016.  

130

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
     
   Note 7          PROPERTY, Plant and Equipment    
     
  Property, plant and equipment consists of the following (in thousands of dollars):  

Depreciation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, 2014, totaled approximately $0.72 million, $1 million, respectively. Depreciation expense for the six months ended June 30, 2015 and 2014 totaled approximately $0.51 million and $0.72 million, respectively. Depreciation expense for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 totaled approximately $0.25 million and $0.36 million, respectively.  

Note 8          LAND Use RighTs     
       
  From fiscal year 2012 to 2015, Northern Altair signed agreements to receive five separate Land Use Rights for a period of 50 years with land sizes of approximately 66 acres, 40 acres, 10 acres, 8.6 acres and, 13.7 acres, respectively, of industrial land in Wu an, China from Hebei Wu an Municipal People s Government. The Company paid approximately $12.17 million, $8.58 million, $1.86 million, $2.15 million and $ 2.93 million for each Land Use Right respectively. Payment amount included land transfer tax and other fees. These Land Use Rights are being used for the Company s LTO and energy storage system manufacturing operations in China. Upon the 50 year expiration of the Land Use Rights, the Company will be required to bid again to obtain an extension of these rights. The Company received various incentives and grants from the Wu an government in conjunction with obtaining the Land Use Rights (see Note 10).  

131

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
     
  As consideration for the land use rights, Northern Altair agreed to make fixed asset investments on the land of approximately $314.85 million, subject to grant incentives from Wu an, China, over period of 50-year life of the land use rights, with initial construction occurring in 2013. Additional construction phases will be contingent upon loan guarantees and other incentives from Wu an, China as well as other market conditions. The total fixed asset and intangible asset investments shall include the cost of buildings, structures, auxiliary facilities and equipment.   
     
  The Land Use Rights were recorded at cost and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over its 50-year useful life. The following summarizes Land Use Rights for the following periods (in thousands of dollars):  

The following summarizes the carrying amount pledged (in thousands of dollars):  

The Land Use Rights were recorded at cost and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over its 50-year useful life. The amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, 2014, was approximately $0.41 million, $0.37 million, respectively.     The amortization expense for the six months ended June 30, 2015 and 2014 was approximately $0.27 million and $0.24 million, respectively. The amortization expense for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 was approximately $0.13 million and $0.11 million, respectively.  

132

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
     
   NOTE 9   ACCRUED WARRANTY   
     
  Accrued warranty consisted of the following (in thousands of dollars):  

133

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
       
   NOTE 10   GRANT INCENTIVES   
       
  In conjunction with the Land Use Rights obtained by Northern Altair (Note 8), Northern Altair applied for and received various incentives and grants from the Wu an China Government. Such grants and incentives are required to be used to support the construction of planned facilities in Wu an China and the purchase of related manufacturing equipment. Grant amounts received are included in the balance sheet as deferred income and are recognized as income over the useful life of the related assets upon placing such assets into service. The following summarizes grant incentives (in thousands of dollars):  

134

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
     
   NOTE 11   NOTES PAYABLE   
     
  Note payable consists of trade acceptance and bank loans as discussed below (in thousands of dollars):   

Trade Acceptance    s    
     
  The Company issued trade acceptances to suppliers. Trade acceptances are presented to certain suppliers as a payment against the outstanding trade payable. These trade acceptances are non-interest bearing and mature within six months. Trade acceptances are secured by restricted cash deposited in the bank.   
     
    Bank Loan    s    

135

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   

136

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
     
   NOTE 12   WARRANTS   
     
  The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Monte Carlo simulation model and the following weighted average assumptions were used:  

Based on the valuation model used by the Company, the value of the warrant liability was determined to be $nil for each of the quarters ended September 30, 2015, June 30, 2015 and March 31, 2015; $nil, $0.21 million, $0.39 million for the quarters ended September 30, 2014, June 30, 2014, March 31, 2014, respectively. The change in the market value of the warrants were recorded in Other (expense) income for each of the periods presented in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The warrants expire on various dates through September 2016.  
     
   NOTE 13   BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION   
       
  As of December 31, 2012, the Company reported its business in two reportable segments (a) Power and Energy Group segment ( PEG ) and (b) All Other operations which are presented below (in thousands of dollars):  

(a)   
 
   Power and Energy Group (PEG) segment   The PEG segment is the Company s current and future focus for corporate development. The PEG segment develops, produces, and sells battery systems and larger utility-scale energy storage system projects.      

(b)    
 
  The All Others group consists of the remaining portions of the previous Life Sciences and Performance Materials groups.     

The Power and Energy Group develops, produces, and sells battery systems.  The All Others group consists of the remaining portions of the previous Life Sciences and Performance Materials groups.  As of December 31, 2012, Management completed a thorough review of operations and strategies and determined that it was in the best interests of the shareholders of the Company to focus primarily on the Power and Energy Group.  As a result of this, assessment resources devoted to the Performance Materials Group and Life Sciences Group were considerably reduced and no new development is being pursued in those areas by the Company.   
     
  Beginning September 30, 2013, the Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer decided to combine both segments into the PEG segment because resource allocation and performance assessment would be concentrated as one operating level and the Company started to manage its business primarily on a geographic basis.   

137

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
     
  Sales to customers which accounted for more than 10% of Revenues:  

Sales to customers which accounted for more than 10% of Accounts Receivable:  

138

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   

139

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
     
  Revenues for the quarters ended 2015, 2014, and 2013 by geographic area based on location of customers were as follows (in thousands of dollars):  

140

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
     
  Geographic information for long-lived assets, which was based on physical location of the assets, was as follows (in thousands of dollars):  

Geographic information for revenue, which was based on physical location of operations, was as follows (In thousands of dollars):  

NOTE 14   RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS    
       
                Related Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the other party or exercise significant influence over the other party in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control or significant influence, such as a family member or relative, stockholder, or a related corporation  
     
                During the periods presented, the details of the related party balances were as follows:  

During the periods presented, the Company sold products to related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in the business of production and selling of lithium-ion power batteries and energy storage batteries.  

141

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   

During the periods presented, the Company made prepayments to related party (listed above), mainly engaged in the purchasing of electric buses from Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.  

During the periods presented, government grants were funded to Heibei Yinglong New Energy and the Company received government grants from Heibei Yinlong New Energy.  
   
  During the periods presented, the Company received a refund from Zhuhai Yinlong due to prior prepayment of purchase orders which have been canceled.  

During the periods presented, the Company paid operation expenses on behalf of Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.  

During the periods presented, the Company provided Mr. Sun Guohua with a traveling advance.   

During the periods presented, the Company provided the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

During the periods presented, the Company had trade payable and other payable to related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in purchasing electric cells from Hebei Yinlong New Energy and purchasing of electric buses from Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.  

142

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   

During the periods presented, the Company sold products to related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in producing and selling lithium-ion power batteries and energy storage batteries.   

During the periods presented, the Company issued the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

143

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   

During the periods presented, the Company sold products to related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in the production and selling of lithium-ion power batteries and energy storage batteries.  

During the periods presented, the Company purchased from related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in the purchasing of electric cells from Hebei Yinlong New Energy and purchasing of electric buses from Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy and Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.  

During the periods presented, the Company received the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

144

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   

For the nine month ended September 30, 2015, the Company used the Land Use Right as pledge and provided guarantee for amount of $3.76 million to Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Auto Co., Ltd to secure financing from commercial banks. (Note 8)  

For the nine month ended September 30, 2015, Mr. Wei Yincang, Mr. Wei Guohua, and Mr. Sun Guohua have jointly provided a guarantee for the Company to secure financing from commercial banks for total amount of $20.02 million. (Note 12)  

During the periods presented, the Company sold products to related party (listed above), mainly engaged in the production and selling of production and sell of lithium-ion power batteries and energy storage batteries.  

During the periods presented, the Company made prepayments to related party (listed above), mainly engaged in the purchasing of electric buses from Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy.  

During the periods presented, government grants were funded to Heibei Yinlong New Energy and the Company received the government grants from Heibei Yinlong New Energy.  
   
  During the periods presented, the Company received a refund from Zhuhai Yinlong due to prior prepayment of purchase orders which have been canceled.  

During the periods presented, the Company paid operation expenses on behalf of Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.  

During the periods presented, the Company provided Mr. Sun Guohua with a traveling advance.   

145

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   

During the periods presented, the Company provided the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

During the periods presented, the Company issued the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

During the periods presented, the Company issued trade acceptances to related party (listed above). Trade acceptances are presented to related parties as a payment against the outstanding trade payable. These trade acceptances are non-interest bearing and mature within six months.   

During the periods presented, the Company sold products to related parties (listed above), mainly engaged in the production and selling of lithium-ion power batteries and energy storage batteries.  

146

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   

During the periods presented, the Company paid operation expenses on behalf of Zhuhai Guangtong Auto.  

During the periods presented, the Company provided Mr. Sun Guohua with a traveling advance.   

During the periods presented, the Company received the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

During the periods presented, the Company provided the non-interest bearing loans to related parties (listed above) and all loans are due on demand.  

147

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
   NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   (Expressed in United States Dollars )   
        
   Tick marks   

a.   
 
  Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd ( Zhuhai Yinlong ) is the majority shareholder of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc     

b.   
 
  Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd ( Hebei Yinlong ) is the wholly owned subsidiary of Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd, hence Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd and Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. are companies commonly controlled by the same parent company     

c.   
 
  Zhuhai Guangtong Auto Co., Ltd. (and its Handan Branch) is the wholly owned subsidiary of Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd, hence Zhuhai Guangtong Auto Co., Ltd and Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. are companies commonly controlled by the same parent company     

d.   
 
  Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd indirectly holds 100% ownership of Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Auto Co., Ltd, hence Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Auto Co., Ltd and Altair Nanotechnologies Inc., are the companies commonly controlled by the same parent company.     

e.   
 
  Guangdong Yintong Investment Holdings Group Co., Ltd is owned by Wei Yincang, chairman of the Company     

f.   
 
  Mr. Sun Guohua is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company     

g.   
 
  Mr. Wei Guohua is the Director of Board of the Company     

h.   
 
  Mr. Wei Yincang is the Chairman of the Company     

i.   
 
  Yintong Energy ( YTE ) is an affiliate of Hui Neng Investment Holding Limited ( Hui Neng ) formerly known  as Canon Investment Holding      

148

Item 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
     
  The disclosure provided by this Item was previously reported as that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act.   
   
   Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures   
     
   Disclosure Controls and Procedures .  Based on an evaluation required by paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 which is the end of the annual periods covered by this Comprehensive Report, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(d-e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) are not effective and there is as of such dates a material weakness in our disclosure controls and procedures. This material weakness is rooted in the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, as a result of which we were late, and prior to this Comprehensive Report, have not filed any required periodic reports since 2013.   
     
   Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(d-f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Internal control over financial reporting includes those written policies and procedures that:  

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;    

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America;    

provide reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and    

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.     
     
  Internal control over financial reporting includes the controls themselves, monitoring and internal auditing practices and actions taken to correct deficiencies as identified.  
     
  Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.  Our management s assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework of 2013  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  Our management s assessment included an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.  Our management reviewed the results of its assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.  Based on this assessment, our management identified the following material weaknesses, as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:  

The Company experienced significant executive management and accounting level turnover in 2013 and 2014 which led to a lack of segregation of duties throughout the Company and resulted in a lack of controls to perform a timely review of transactions at an appropriate level of precision.     

The Company did not implement adequate procedures and controls over the 2013, 2014 and 2015 year-end financial close and reporting process to ensure timely filings in compliance with its financial reporting requirements.     

The Company did not implement adequate procedures and controls to appropriately evaluate routine and non-routine transactions, and as a result, did not detect the material misstatements that were identified during the audit process.     

The Company did not implement adequate procedures and controls to ensure accurate and timely communication with its subsidiaries in China, and as a result, led to material misstatements that were identified during the audit process.     

The Company did not implement adequate procedures and controls to ensure the completeness and accuracy of its consolidated financial statements and related subsequent events.     

The Company did not maintain effective controls over certain aspects of the financial reporting process due to the lack of sufficient complement of personnel with a level of accounting expertise that is commensurate with the financial reporting requirements. This resulted in inappropriate classifications of current assets as wells as inappropriate classification between current and long term assets and liabilities.     

The Company did not implement adequate procedures and controls to appropriately evaluate related party transactions, and as a result, did not detect the material misstatements that were identified during the audit process.     
     
  In response, management has changed and added personnel in our Chinese subsidiaries and in its corporate accounting function, engaged outside accounting consultants to assist with certain process and has strengthened internal controls to provide more rigorous approval, reporting and recording procedures. These actions are in the process of being tested; however, as of September 30, 2016, the control sand processes documented and implemented have not been in place long enough to provide sufficient assurances to support the conclusion that the above identified material weakness has been fully remediated. Once in operation for a sufficient period of time, these actions will be fully tested to determine whether they are operating effectively.  
     
  Notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses, management believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Comprehensive Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Except as noted in the preceding paragraphs, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

149

This Comprehensive Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit smaller reporting companies to provide only management s report in this Report.  
     
   Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting .  Except as set forth above, there were no significant changes (including corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses) in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   
        
   Item 9B.   Other Information   
     
  None   

PART III   
       
   ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS; COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT   

Current Officers and Directors   
     
  The following are the names, officers and dates of services of our current executive officers and Directors and information on their services to the Company.   

Name   Province/State   
   and Country    

Office with Company    

Dates in Position or Office    

Guohua Sun  
  Zhuhai, Guangdong, China   

Chief Executive Officer and Director (B)   

September 23, 2015-Present (Chief Executive Officer); March 18, 2014-August 26, 2014 (Interim Chief Executive Officer); July 22, 2011-Present (Board Member)   

Karen Werner  
  Nevada, U.S.A   

Interim Chief Financial Officer   Secretary    

Since March 18, 2014   

Yincang Wei  
  Zhuhai, Guangdong, China   

Chairman of the Board of Directors (B)   

Since July 22, 2011   

Guohua Wei  
  Zhuhai, Guangdong, China   

Director and General Manager of Altair China and Northern Altair   

Since September 26, 2013   

Zhigang Zhao  
  Beijing, China   

Director (A)   

Since July 22, 2011   

Yuhong Li  
  Beijing, China   

Director (A)   

Since September 26, 2013   

Dr. Chin Chuen Chan  
  Washington, U.S.A   

Director   

Since November 28, 2012   

Jun Liu  
  British Columbia ,Canada   

Director (B)   

Since July 22, 2011   

Li Yang  
  Flushing, NY   

Director (A)   

Since August 15, 2014   

(A) Members of the Audit Committee.  
     
  (B) Members of the Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee.  

150

All Directors hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. At present, our Articles of Incorporation provide for not less than 1 or more than 9 directors. Currently, we have 8 directors. Our by-laws permit the Board to fill any vacancy and such director may serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until his successor is elected and qualified. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board.  

Former Officers and Directors   
     
  The following are the names, offices and dates of service of persons who served as directors or executives officers during 2013, 2014 or 2015, but who no longer hold such office with the Company.   

(A) Formerly members of the Audit Committee.  
     
  (B) Formerly members of the Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee.  

151

Background of Directors and Executive Officers:   

Yincang Wei    

Age:     

57    

Director Since:     

Jul 2011    

Committees:     

Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee    

Principal Occupation:     

Chairman, Huineng Investment Holdings Limited, Zhuhai YinLong NewEnergy Company Ltd. and Guangdong Yintong Investment Holdings Group Co., Ltd.    

Experience:     

Mr. Yincang Wei has served as the chairman of Huineng Investment Holdings Limited, Zhuhai YinLong NewEnergy Company Ltd. and Guangdong Yingtong Investment Holdings Group Co., Ltd. from 2004 until the present time.  Prior to that, Mr. Wei served as the chairman of Nan-Ming-He Iron Ore Limited, a company engaged in the business of iron mine operations from 2001 to 2002.  Mr. Wei also previously served in various senior management positions at Hebei Yinda Transportation Industrial Group 1984 to 2001), Hong Kong Dalong Investment Holdings Limited 1998 to 2001, Transportation Industrial Group Corporation, and Transportation Safety Equipment Factory 1995 to 2001.    

Mr. Wei graduated from Xi an Highway University with a degree in engineering.     

Specific Qualifications     

Mr. Wei was appointed to the Board of Directors of the Company (the  Board ) pursuant to a covenant in an agreement between the Company and EST China. Pursuant to the covenant, the Board of the Company is required, except where legal or fiduciary duties would require otherwise, to appoint a number of directors nominated by EST China representing a majority of the Board.     

Family Relationships      

Mr. Yincang Wei is the uncle of Mr. Guohua Wei.    

Guohua Sun    

Age:     

42    

Director Since:     

Jul 2011    

Committees:     

None    

Principal Occupation:     

Chief Executive Officer of the Company, General Manager, Huineng Investment Holdings Limited and Guangdong Yintong Investment Holdings Group Co., Ltd; Director, Zhuhai YinLong NewEnergy Company Ltd.    

Experience:     

Mr. Sun was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company in September 2015. Mr. Sun previously served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company from March 2014 to August 2014. Mr. Sun has served as the general manager of Huineng Investment Holdings Limited and Guangdong Yintong Investment Holdings Group Co., Ltd. from April 2005 to the present and currently serves as a director of Zhuhai YinLong NewEnergy Company Ltd.  Prior to that, Mr. Sun served as General Manager of Beijing Yinda Transportation Investment Limited from 2003 to 2005, prior to that time, as vice general manager from 2001 to 2003.  Mr. Sun also served as vice general manager of Nan-Ming-He Iron Ore Limited from 2001 to 2003.    

Mr. Sun graduated with a degree in business administration from Handan University and with a master s degree in business administration from the University of Wales.     

Specific Qualifications     

Mr. Sun was appointed to the Board pursuant to a covenant in an agreement between the Company and EST China.  Pursuant to the covenant, the Board of the Company is required, except where legal or fiduciary duties would require otherwise, to appoint a number of directors nominated by EST China representing a majority of the Board.     

152

Guohua Wei    

Age:     

41    

Director Since:     

Sep 2013    

Principal Occupation:     

Legal Representative and General Manager of Altair China and Northern Altair; the Company s indirect subsidiaries in China    

Experience:     

Mr. Wei was appointed as the legal representative and general manager of Altair Nanotechnologies (China) Co., Ltd., and Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd., on September 27, 2013.  Mr. Wei served as executive director of Zhuhai Henggu New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., and head of administrative department of Huineng Investment Holdings Co., Ltd and Guangdong Yintong Investment Holdings Group Co., Ltd from 2007-2013. Mr. Wei served as the general manager assistant of Zhuhai Huayin Investment Company Limited from 2004-2007. Mr. Wei served as the general manager assistant of Beijing Yinda Transportation Investment Limited from 2001-2004. Mr. Wei is currently a director of Energy Storage Technology Group (China) Co., Ltd., Zhuhai Henggu New Energy Technology Co., Ltd and Zhuhai Yintong New Power Technology Co., Ltd.     

Mr. Wei graduated from Beijing Canada Delter International Business College. Mr. Wei received his MBA degree from University of Wales in 2009.     

Specific Qualifications     

Mr. Wei was appointed to the Board pursuant to a covenant in an agreement between the Company and EST China.  Pursuant to the covenant, the Board of the Company is required, except where legal or fiduciary duties would require otherwise, to appoint a number of directors nominated by EST China representing a majority of the Board.    

Family Relationships     

Mr. Yincang Wei is the uncle of Mr. Guohua Wei.    

Zhigang Zhao    

Age:     

56    

Director Since:     

July 2011    

Committees:     

Audit Committee    

Principal Occupation:     

Chief Financial Officer, Borqs WOWO Limited    

Experience:     

Since June 2014 Mr. Zhao has worked for WOWO Limited, a B2B online e-commerce platform that provides integrated services to suppliers and customers in the foodservice industry in China. Mr. Zhao previously served as chief financial officer for Borqs International Holding Corporation from September 2012- May 2014, a technology company that provides Android software and end-to-end service platform solutions. Prior to that, CFO of KingMed Diagnostics, an independent medical testing service company through May 2012. Prior to joining KingMed in January 2011, Mr. Zhao served as chief financial officer for Simcere Pharmaceutical Group (NYSE: SCR) from October 2006 to January 2011.  Mr. Zhao served as chief financial officer for Sun New Media/Hurray in China from September 2005 to October 2006, as controller for Faro Technology (Nasdaq: FARO) in the United States from September 2003 to August 2005, and as vice president of finance for 800 Travel (U.S.A), an Intrawest Company from June 1997 to August 2003.  Prior to that, Mr. Zhao worked at PriceWaterhouseCoopers in the United States as a senior auditor from September 1993 to May 1997.    

Mr. Zhao earned his bachelor s degree in economics from Beijing University and his master of business administration from the University of Hartford. Mr. Zhao is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.    

Other Directorships     

Uni-Bio Science Company, a Hong Kong listed pharmaceuticals Company.    

Specific Qualifications     

Mr. Zhao s appointment as a director is based on his accounting and financial services expertise, his management experience and his experience in overseeing public companies with ties to both the United States and China.      

153

Dr. Ching Chuen Chan    

Age:     

79    

Director Since:     

November 2012    

Committees:     

None    

Principal Occupation:     

Chief Scientist of Zhuhai YinLong NewEnergy Company Ltd.     

Experience:     

Dr. Chan is currently the chief scientist of Zhuhai YinLong NewEnergy Company Ltd, in a consulting capacity. He is also the Honorary Professor 2012 to present and former head of the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, the University of Hong Kong (1994 - 2012). Dr. Chan was the founding president of the International Academy for Advanced Study in 2012. Dr. Chan was the Co-Founder of the World Electric Vehicle Association and the Electric Vehicles Association of Asia Pacific in 1990, and president of the Hong Kong Institution of Engineers (1999 - 2000). Prof. Chan is a fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering, U.K., the Chinese Academy of Engineering, the Ukraine Academy of Engineering Sciences, the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the Institution of Engineering and Technology, and the Hong Kong Institute of Engineers, Honorary Member of Hungarian Academy of Engineering. He authored and coauthored 11 books, over 300 technical papers and holds 9 patents.    

Dr. Chan holds BSc, MSc, PhD and degrees from China University of Technology in 1957, Tsinghua University in 1959 and University of Hong Kong in 1982 respectively.    

Specific Qualifications     

Dr. Chan was appointed to the Board of Directors because of his technical expertise in electrical engineering, his experience as a leader and innovator in the electrical engineering field and his reputation in the industry in China and other parts of the world.    

Yuhong Li    

Age:     

49    

Director Since:     

Sep 2013    

Committees:     

Audit Committee    

Principal Occupation:     

Partner and Practicing Lawyer, Beijing Chang An Law Firm    

Experience:     

Since 2004, Ms. Li has been working at Beijing Chang An Law Firm as a lawyer and partner. Before joining the firm, Ms. Li served as lawyer and partner of Hebei Yu Ta Law Firm from 1996 to 2004. Ms. Li is a Member of the Beijing Lawyers Association (2004-present), Director of China Mining Association (2006-present); Director of the China International Chamber of Commerce for Private Sector (2012-present); Deputy Secretary of Private Branch, China Mining Association (2012-present); Deputy Director of Natural Resources Law Committee, Beijing Lawyers Association (2009-present); Consultant of Environmental and Resource Seminar, Beijing Chaoyang, District Lawyers Association (2011-present); Environmental protection lawyer of All-China Environment Federation (2009-present) and Member of the eighth session of the Beijing Women Lawyers Association (2009-2012).    

Ms. Li obtained her bachelor degree of law from Hebei University.    

Specific Qualifications     

Ms. Li is being appointed to the Board of Directors because of her knowledge of China law, her legal background generally and her experience working with Chinese companies.     

154

Jun Liu    

Age:     

60    

Director Since:     

Jul 2011    

Committees:     

Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee    

Principal Occupation:     

Foreign Affairs Assistant of Chairman Office, Zhuhai YinLong NewEnergy Company, Ltd.    

Experience:     

Since June 1, 2013, Mr. Liu is the Foreign Affairs Assistant of Chairman Office, Zhuhai YinLong NewEnergy Company, Ltd. Mr. Liu was Interim vice head of the International Department of YinLong NewEnergy Company from June 2013 to October 2013. Mr. Liu served as vice president and director of Marketing Strategy   Development of Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd, from November 2012 to May 2013. Mr. Liu served as general manager of Vantech Enviro Plastics Corp. Canada, a company focused on the development and production of plastic film products from May 2000 to June 2011. Mr. Liu previously served as Marketing and Sales director for Morgan Grandview Group (Canada) from November 2008 to October 2009.   Mr. Liu served as account manager and then as authorized supervisor at JNE (Canada) from September 2004 to December 2007.    

Mr. Liu earned his bachelor s degree in chemistry from Beijing University and a certificate of executive in marketing strategy from the State University of New York at Buffalo.    

Specific Qualifications    

Mr. Liu was appointed to the Board pursuant to a covenant in an agreement between the Company and EST China.  Pursuant to the covenant, the Board of the Company is required, except where legal or fiduciary duties would require otherwise, to appoint a number of directors nominated by EST China representing a majority of the Board.    

Li Yang    

Age:     

59    

Director Since:     

Aug 2014    

Committees:     

Audit Committee    

Principal Occupation:     

Principle and Practicing Lawyer, Yang   Associates, PC    

Experience:     

Mr. Yang has worked as lawyer in his own private practice for Yang   Associates, PC since 1997. Mr. Yang started as an associate with U.S. based Ceaser   Nopoli. Mr. Yang is a legal advisor to the American Ethnic Small Business Council, a member of the New York State Bar Association and a member of Legislative Committee, Real Property Section and International Law Section of the New York State Bar Association.    

Mr. Yang obtained a law degree from Fudan University School of Law, Shanghai, China in 1988 and received a J.D. from the University of Georgia School of Law in 1993.     

Specific Qualifications    

Mr. Yang was appointed to the Board pursuant to a covenant in an agreement between the Company and EST China.  Pursuant to the covenant, the Board of the Company is required, except where legal or fiduciary duties would require otherwise, to appoint a number of directors nominated by EST China representing a majority of the Board.     

155

All Directors hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. At present, our Articles of Incorporation provide for not less than 1 or more than 9 directors. Currently, we have 8 directors. Our by-laws permit the Board to fill any vacancy and such director may serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until his successor is elected and qualified. Officers serve at the discretion of the Board.  
     
   Background of Executive Officers   
       
  Information on Guohua Sun, our Chief Executive Officer and Andy Wei, our Chief Executive Officer of our operating subsidiary, is set forth above.   

Karen Werner    

Age:     

61    

Principal Occupation:      

Interim Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company    

Experience:     

Ms. Werner was appointed to Interim Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on March 18, 2014. Prior to such appointment, Ms. Werner served as corporate senior assistant controller of the Company from February 2012 to January 2014. Ms. Werner served as corporate controller for Windspire Energy, Inc. during 2011 and as corporate controller for Winkel Motors, Inc. from January 2008 to February 2011.   
     
  Ms. Werner has public and private company experience and holds a bachelor of science degree in business administration from the University of Phoenix. Ms. Werner is a member of the Institute of Management Accountants (from 2007).     

Section 16(a) Beneficial O  wnership Reporting Compliance    
     
  Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) requires the Company s officers, directors and persons who own more than 10% of the Company s common stock to file reports concerning their ownership of common stock with the SEC and to furnish the Company with copies of such reports.  Based solely upon the Company s review of the reports required by Section 16 and amendments thereto furnished to the Company, the Company believes that all reports required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during 2013, 2014 and 2015 were filed with the SEC on a timely basis, except for the following: (1) A Form 3 for Richard W. Lee was due on August 26, 2013, but was filed on November 20, 2013; (2) a Form 3 for Wei Guohua was due on September 26, 2013, but was filed on October 30, 2013; (3) a Form 3 for Yuhong Li was due on September 26, 2013, but was filed on November 12, 2013; (4) a Form 3 for Al Yousuf Eqbal was due on September 26, 2013, but was filed on December 11, 2013; (5) a Form 4 for Richard W. Lee was due on August 26, 2013, but was filed on November 20, 2013; (6) a Form 4 for Paula J Conroy was due on September 26, 2013, but was filed on November 12, 2013; and (7) a Form 3 for Karen Werner was due on March 18, 2014, but was filed on April 17, 2014; (8) a Form 3 for Thomas Reddington was due on August 15, 2014, but was filed on October 13, 2014; (9) a Form 3 for Li Yang was due on August 15, 2014, but was filed on November 18, 2014; (10) a Form 3 for James Zhan was due on August 15, 2014, but was filed on November 25, 2014.     
     
      Code of Ethics   
     
  The Company has adopted the Code of Ethics for Senior Executives, Financial Officers, Members of the Management Executive Committee, and Directors (the  Code of Ethics ), which constitutes a code of ethics that applies to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, as defined in Item 406 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act.  The Code of Ethics is available on the Company s website at www.altairnano.com under  Investors     Governance.   
     
   Audit Committee   
     
  The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a written charter adopted by the Board, a copy of which may be found on the Company s website  www.altairnano.com  under the heading  Investors .  A copy may also be obtained free of charge by mailing a request in writing to: Secretary, Altair Nanotechnologies Inc., 204 Edison Way, Reno, Nevada 89502, U.S.A.  

156

From January 1, 2013 through September 26, 2013, the Audit Committee was comprised of Zhigang (Frank) Zhao (Chair), Victor Sze, and Hong Guo.  On September 26, 2013, Victor Sze and Hong Guo resigned as directors, and on that same date the Company appointed Eqbal Al Yousuf and Yuhong Li as directors and members of the Audit Committee.   
     
  On March 20, 2014, Eqbal Al Yousuf resigned as a director of the Company. As a result, there were only two directors serving on the Audit Committee until August 15, 2014. Nasdaq Rule 5605 and the Audit Committee s written charter require that the Company have an audit committee composed of at least three independent directors. The Company received a letter from Nasdaq stating that the Company was not in compliance with Rule 5605 and that it has until the earlier of the Company s next annual shareholders meeting or March 20, 2015 to cure the noncompliance. The Company appointed Li Yang as a new director and audit committee member on August 15, 2014, and the Company received a letter regaining compliance with respect to the composition of its Audit Committee.   
     
  The Audit Committee held two meetings via conference call during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 and held four meetings in 2013. The audit committee chairman attended every meeting held during 2015, 2014 and 2013 and each meeting was represented by a minimum of two members.   
     
  The Board has determined in its business judgment that each member of the Audit Committee satisfies the requirements with respect to financial literacy set forth in Nasdaq rule 5605(c)(2)(iv); that Zhigang (Frank) Zhao is an  audit committee financial expert  as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act; that each member of the Audit Committee is independent under Rule 10A-3(b)(1)(ii) under the Exchange Act and are, as a result of their past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting or other comparable experience or background, sophisticated with respect to financial matters.  
     
  The Audit Committee s responsibility is to assist the Board in its oversight of (a) the quality and integrity of the Company s financial reports, (b) the independence and qualifications of the Company s independent auditor, and (c) the compliance by the Company with legal and regulatory requirements.  Management of the Company has the responsibility for the Company s financial statements as well as the Company s financial reporting process, principles and internal controls.  The Company s independent public accounting firm is responsible for performing an audit of the Company s financial statements and expressing an opinion as to the conformity of such financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
     
   ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
     
   Summary Compensation Table   
     
  The following table sets forth information concerning all cash and non-cash compensation paid or to be paid by us as well as certain other compensation awarded to, earned by and paid to, during the indicated fiscal years, to (a) any person who served as our Chief Executive Officer during any of 2013, 2014 or 2015, (b) the two most highly compensated executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer with respect to 2013, 2014 or 2015 (to the extent such persons were paid more than $100,000 with respect to such years, and (c) up to two persons who would have been listed under (b) above but were not named executive officers as of the end of 2013, 2014 or 2015 (collectively, the  named executive officers.  

157

*The amounts in the  option awards  column represent the grant date fair value of the stock option awards determined in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 of the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ASC Topic 718 ) pursuant to the Company s stock incentive plans. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 11 to the Company s audited financial statements for the three years ended December 31, 2015 included in this Comprehensive Report and Note 11 to the Company s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2012 included in the Company s Annual Report on Comprehensive Report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 2, 2013.  

(1)   
 
  Mr. Sun was not compensated with respect to his appointment of Interim Chief Executive officer in 2014. Other Compensation represents compensation Mr. Sun received for his service as a director.    

(2)   
 
  Mr. Zhan was entitled to salary at the rate of $300,000 per annum and was awarded 66,666 stock options at $3.21 per share option.      

158

(3)   
 
  Mr. R. Lee was entitled to salary at the rate of $300,000 per annum and was awarded 66,666 stock options at $2.34 per share option. Mr. R. Lee resigned and severance was not required as part of the termination of his employment.    

(4)   
 
  Mr. A. Lee was entitled to salary at the rate of $300.000 annum. Mr. A. Lee was paid a severance of $75,833 in connection with the termination of his employment.     

(5)   
 
  Mr. Zou continues to provide services as a consultant to Northern Altair in China.     

(6)   
 
  Ms. Werner is entitled to salary at the rate of $150,000 per annum.    

(7)   
 
  Ms. Conroy was entitled to compensation at the rate of $200,000 per annum and was awarded 33,333 stock options at $2.63 per share option.     

(8)   
 
  Mr. Huang was entitled to receive compensation at the rate of $200,000 per annum. After resignation, Mr. Huang remained with the Company to transition his position until October 11, 2013 and was paid a severance of $68,833.    

(9)   
 
  Mr. Sabacky previously served as Chief Technology Officer but resigned from that position on December 6, 2013. Mr. Sabacky continues to serve as Sr. Director of Technology of the Company.     

(10)   
 
  Mr. Reddington was entitled to compensation at the rate of $200,000 per annum. Mr. Reddington resigned February 8, 2016 and received a severance of $50,000.     

Employment Agreements   
     
  Mr. A. Lee and Mr. Zou entered into employment agreements with the Company on August 16, 2012 and Mr. R. Lee entered into an employment agreement with the Company on October 23, 2013. Under the employment agreements, Mr. A. Lee was entitled to an annual base salary of not less than $325,000 (which was his base salary at the time of his resignation), Mr. Zou was entitled to an annual base salary of not less than $280,000 (which was his base salary at the time of his resignation), and Mr. R. Lee was entitled to an annual base salary of not less than $300,000 (which was his base salary at the time of his resignation). In addition, the executives were entitled to bonuses when, as and if determined by the Board of Directors of the Company. The employment agreements also include an agreement by the Company that all stock options and other equity awards granted to the executives would include provisions under which vesting of the awards will accelerate in connection with a change of control. The employment agreements required the executives to sign the Company s standard confidential information and invention assignment agreements and include 12-month non-competition and non-solicitation covenants. The employment agreements for Mr. A. Lee and Mr. Zou were for a fixed term expiring on March 31, 2014, and the employment agreement for Mr. R. Lee was for a fixed term expiring October 23, 2015, provided that each automatically renewed for an additional two-year term if the Company did not provide written notice of its intent not to renew the employment agreement at least 90-days prior to the end of the initial term or any subsequent term. The employment agreements have terminated expired as a result of the resignation of Mr. A. Lee, Mr. Zou, and Mr. R. Lee. The employment agreements also include severance provisions, which are summarized under  Potential Payments upon Termination or Change-in-Control  below. Each of Mr. A Lee, Mr. Zou and Mr. R. Lee has resigned and their employment agreements have terminated (other than covenants that survive termination by their terms)  
     
  Under Mr. Sabacky s employment agreement with the Company, he was entitled to an annual base salary of not less than $225,000 (which is his current salary), an annual bonus target opportunity equal to 60% of his base salary upon achievement of performance measures specified on an annual basis, and standard health and other benefits. The employment agreement also include an agreement by the Company to add to his stock options and other equity awards a provision under which vesting of the awards accelerates in connection with a change of control. The employment agreement includes terms related to protection of confidential information and 12-month non-competition and non-solicitation covenants, and Mr. Sabacky is required to sign the Company s standard agreement related to assignment of inventions. The employment agreement was for a fixed term of two years, provided that it automatically renews for an additional two-year term if the Company does not provide written notice of its intent not to renew the employment agreement at least 90-days prior to the end of the initial term or any subsequent term. Mr. Sabacky resigned as CTO, as of the expiration date of December 6, 2013; however, he is still employed with the Company. His employment agreement terminated and was not renewed.  

159

Mr. Huang, a former Chief Financial Officer, signed a written employment agreement and was paid at the rate of $200,000 per year. Under Mr. Huang s employment agreement with the Company, he was entitled to an annual base salary of not less than $200,000 (which was his salary during the term of his employment), with standard health and other benefits. The employment agreement also includes an agreement by the Company to grant him stock options and other equity awards a provision under which vesting of the awards accelerates in connection with a change of control. The employment agreement includes terms related to protection of confidential information and 12-month non-competition and non-solicitation covenants, and Mr. Huang was required to sign the Company s standard agreement related to assignment of inventions. The employment agreement was for a fixed term of two years, provided that it automatically renews for an additional two-year term if the Company does not provide written notice of its intent not to renew the employment agreement at least 90-days prior to the end of the initial term or any subsequent term. Mr. Huang resigned as CFO on October 11, 2013.   
     
  Ms. Conroy, a former Chief Financial Officer, was party to a standard written employment agreement and was paid at the rate of $200,000 per year. Under Ms. Conroy s employment agreement with the Company, she was entitled to an annual base salary of not less than $200,000 (which was her salary during the term of her employment), with standard health and other benefits. Ms. Conroy was also party to an agreement by the Company to grant her stock options. The employment agreement includes terms related to protection of confidential information and 12-month non-competition and non-solicitation covenants, and Ms. Conroy was required to sign the Company s standard agreement related to assignment of inventions. Ms. Conroy resigned as CFO on January 13, 2014.   
     
  Ms. Karen Werner, the current Interim Chief Financial Officer, is party to a standard written employment agreement and is currently entitled to a base salary of not less than $150,000 per year with standard health and other benefits. The employment agreement includes terms related to protection of confidential information and 12-month non-competition and non-solicitation covenants, and Ms. Werner was required when hired in 2012 to sign the Company s standard agreement related to assignment of inventions.  
     
  Mr. Zhan, a former Chief Executive Officer, signed an employment agreement with the Company and was entitled to an annual base salary of not less than $300,000 (which was his salary during the term of his employment), with standard health and other benefits. The employment agreement also includes an agreement by the Company to grant him stock options and other equity awards a provision under which vesting of the awards accelerates in connection with a change of control. The employment agreement includes terms related to protection of confidential information and 12-month non-competition and non-solicitation covenants, and Mr. Zhan is required to sign the Company s standard agreement related to assignment of inventions. The employment agreement was for a fixed term of two years, provided that it automatically renews for an additional two-year term if the Company does not provide written notice of its intent not to renew the employment agreement at least 90-days prior to the end of the initial term or any subsequent term. Mr. Zhan resigned as CEO on September 23, 2015.   
     
  Mr. Sun, the current Chief Executive Officer, is party to a written employment agreement and is currently paid a base salary is $20,000 per year through Altair China. Under Mr. Sun s employment agreement with the Company, he is entitled to an annual base salary of not less than $20,000 (which is his current salary), with standard health and other benefits. The employment agreement does not include an agreement by the Company to grant him stock options and other equity awards. The employment agreement includes terms related to protection of confidential information and 12-month non-competition and non-solicitation covenants, and Mr. Sun is required to sign the Company s standard agreement related to assignment of inventions. The employment agreement does not have a fixed term.   
     
  Mr. Reddington, a former Chief Operating Officer, was party to a standard employment agreement with the Company and was entitled to an annual base salary of not less than $200,000 (which was his salary during the term of his employment), with standard health and other benefits. The employment agreement includes terms related to protection of confidential information and 12-month non-competition and non-solicitation covenants, and Mr. Reddington is required to sign the Company s standard agreement related to assignment of inventions. Mr. Reddington resigned as COO on February 8, 2016.   

160

Annual Non-Equity Incentive Compensation      
     
    Targets for 2015   .  With respect to 2015, the Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee did not approve an annual incentive bonus plan for the named executive officers or existing executive officers and did not consulted with the named executive officer or executive officers regarding target bonuses under the respective employment agreements.  
     
    Targets for 2014   .  With respect to 2014, the Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee did not approve an annual incentive bonus plan for the named executive officers or existing executive officers and did not consulted with the named executive officer or executive officers regarding target bonuses under the respective employment agreements.  
     
    Targets for 2013  . With respect to 2013, the Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee did not approve an annual incentive bonus plan for the named executive officers or existing executive officers and did not consulted with the named executive officer or executive officers regarding target bonuses under the respective employment agreements.  
     
   Equity Incentive Compensation   
     
  No equity awards were granted to the named executive officers in 2015.  
     
  On August 15, 2014, Mr. Zhan was granted options to purchase 66,666 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.21 per share during a ten year term. The options provided for vesting vest over four years, 25% on each anniversary of the grant date. As a result of the termination of the employment of Mr. Zhan with the Company, his option agreement has terminated. No other equity awards were granted to the named executive officers in 2014.   
     
  On September 26, 2013, Ms. Conroy was granted options to purchase 33,333 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.63 per share during a ten year term. The options provided for vesting vest over four years, 25% on each anniversary of the grant date. As a result of the termination of the employment of Ms. Conroy with the Company, her option agreement has terminated.   
     
  On August 26, 2013, Mr. R. Lee was granted options to purchase 66,666 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.34 per share during a ten year term. The options provided for vesting vest over four years, 25% on each anniversary of the grant date. As a result of the termination of the employment of Mr. R. Lee with the Company, his option agreement has terminated. No other equity awards were granted to the named executive officers in 2013.  
     
   Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table   
     
  The following table provides information regarding outstanding equity awards held by the named executive officers as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:  

(1)   

All awarded Options for Named Executive Officers vest over four years from date of grant: 25% for the first completed year, 25% for the second completed year; 25% for the third completed year and 25% for the fourth completed year.    

161

Pension Benefits and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation   
     
  The Company does not sponsor, and is not obligated to provide, any benefits under any defined benefit or non-qualified deferred compensation plan.  Executive officers are entitled to benefits generally available to all full-time salaried employees of the Company.  These benefits include up to 5 weeks per-year of paid time off for medical and vacation leave, subsidized group health plan coverage offered to all salaried employees of the Company, and eligibility to participate in the Company s 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan (the  401(k) Plan ), matching contributions under the 401(k) Plan in an amount up to the greater of 50% of the first $2,500 contributed or 3% of the employee s base salary.  
     
   Potential Payments upon Termination or Change-in-Control   
     
    Severance Provisions in Employment Agreements.       The employment agreement of Mr. A. Lee, the Company's former Chief Executive Officer, includes the following severance provisions:  If Mr. A. Lee s employment was terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. A. Lee for good reason, which includes, among other things, (a) a material breach by the Company of any of its obligations, duties, agreements, representations or warranties under the employment agreement, (b) the Company requiring Mr. A. Lee to relocate his place of employment without Mr. A. Lee s consent, or (c) a material adverse change in Mr. A. Lee s title, position, and/or duties 90 days before or within one year after a change of control, Mr. A. Lee was entitled to a severance benefit equal to his base salary for a period of two months for each year of employment with the Company, and (ii) health benefits for eighteen months, all subject to any applicable limitations imposed by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.  Mr. A. Lee was not entitled to any severance if his employment is terminated at any time by the Company with cause or by Mr. A. Lee without good reason. Mr. A. Lee received no severance in connection with his resignation as Chief Executive Officer. In connection with Mr. A. Lee s resignation as a director, the Company and Mr. A. Lee also entered into a separation agreement on October 23, 2013 pursuant to which Mr. A. Lee received a severance payment in the amount of $75,833, which is two-month s salary for every year Mr. A. Lee served as an executive officer.   
     
  The employment agreement of Mr. Zou, the Company s former President, includes the following severance provisions:  If Mr. Zou s employment was terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Zou for good reason, which includes, among other things, (a) a material breach by the Company of any of its obligations, duties, agreements, representations or warranties under the employment agreement, (b) the Company requiring Mr. Zou to relocate his place of employment without Mr. Zou s consent, or (c) a material adverse change in Mr. Zou s title, position, and/or duties 90 days before or within one year after a change of control, Mr. Zou was entitled to a severance benefit equal to his base salary for a period of two months for each year of employment with the Company, and (ii) health benefits for eighteen months, all subject to any applicable limitations imposed by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.  Mr. Zou was not entitled to any severance if his employment is terminated at any time by the Company with cause or by Mr. Zou without good reason. Mr. Zou received no severance upon his resignation as an officer of the Company.   

162

The employment agreement of Mr. Huang, the Company's former Chief Financial Officer, includes the following severance provisions:  If Mr. Huang s employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Huang for good reason, which includes, (a) a material breach by the Company of any of its obligations, duties, agreements, representations or warranties under the employment agreement, (b) the Company requiring Mr. Huang to relocate his place of employment without Mr. Huang s consent, or (c) a material adverse change in Mr. Huang s title, position, and/or duties 90 days before or within one year after a change of control, Mr. Huang is entitled to a severance benefit equal to (i) his base salary for two months if the termination occurs during the six-months following the effective date, or his base salary for a period of two months for each year of employment with the Company if the termination occurs on or after the expiration of the six-month anniversary of the agreement s effective date, and (ii) health benefits for eighteen months, all subject to any applicable limitations imposed by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.  Mr. Huang is not entitled to any severance if his employment is terminated at any time by the Company with cause or by Mr. Huang without good reason. Mr. Huang s employment was terminated by the Company without cause in September 2013.  
     
     The employment agreement of Mr. R. Lee, the Company s former Chief Executive officer, includes the following severance provisions:  If Mr. R. Lee s employment was terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. R. Lee for good reason, which includes, among other things, (a) a material breach by the Company of any of its obligations, duties, agreements, representations or warranties under the employment agreement, (b) the Company requiring Mr. R. Lee to relocate his place of employment without Mr. R. Lee s consent, or (c) a material adverse change in Mr. R. Lee s title, position, and/or duties 90 days before or within one year after a change of control, Mr. R. Lee was entitled to a severance benefit equal to his base salary for a period of two months for each year of employment with the Company, and (ii) health benefits for eighteen months, all subject to any applicable limitations imposed by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.  Mr. R. Lee was not entitled to any severance if his employment is terminated at any time by the Company with cause or by Mr. R. Lee without good reason. Mr. Lee received no severance upon his resignation as an officer of the Company.   
     
  The employment agreement of the Mr. Sabacky provides that if his employment is terminated by the Company without cause, or by him for good reason, he is entitled to a severance benefit equal to his base salary for one year, a bonus equal to a pro-rated (based upon the elapsed days in the calendar year) portion of 60% of his base salary, and health benefits for one year (18 months if termination is by the Company). The one-year base salary severance benefit will be extended to 16 months if either he was required to relocate more than 50 miles in order to commence employment and the termination occurs within two years of commencement of employment, or he later consents to a relocation of his employment and the termination occurs within two years of such voluntary relocation.  Good reason includes, among other things, (a) the Company requiring the officer to relocate his place of employment without the officer s consent, or (b) a material adverse change in the officer s title, position, and/or duties 90 days before or within one year after a change of control.  Mr. Sabacky resigned as CTO, as of the expiration date of December 6, 2013; however, he is still employed with the Company. His employment agreement terminated and was not renewed.  
     
  The employment agreement of Mr. James T. Zhan, the Company s former Chief Executive officer, included the following severance provisions:  If Mr. Zhan s employment was terminated by the Company without cause or by Mr. Zhan for good reason, which includes, among other things, (a) a material breach by the Company of any of its obligations, duties, agreements, representations or warranties under the employment agreement, (b) the Company requiring Mr. Zhan to relocate his place of employment without Mr. Zhan s consent, or (c) a material adverse change in Mr. Zhan s title, position, and/or duties 90 days before or within one year after a change of control, Mr. Zhan was entitled to a severance benefit equal to his base salary for a period of two months for each year of employment with the Company, and (ii) health benefits for eighteen months, all subject to any applicable limitations imposed by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.  Mr. Zhan was not entitled to any severance if his employment is terminated at any time by the Company with cause or by Mr. Zhan without good reason. Mr. Zhan was offered severance upon his resignation as an officer of the Company in exchange for signing a full release, and declined to timely accept such offering.   
     
  Mr. Reddington was not entitled to any severance, however, Mr. Reddington received $50,000 severance upon his resignation as an officer of the Company in exchange for signing a release in favor of the Company.   

163

Acceleration of Vesting of Options   .   The employment agreements of each of Messrs. A. Lee, R. Lee, Zou, Huang, Conroy, Zhan and Sabacky required that all options and other equity awards granted to the officer provide that the award immediately vests as of the effective date of a  Change of Control Event . A  Change of Control Event  is defined in the agreement to mean (a) any capital reorganization, reclassification of the capital stock of the Company, consolidation or merger of the Company with another corporation in which the Company is not the survivor (other than a transaction effective solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Company), (b) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of  the Company s assets to another entity, (c) the acquisition by a single person (or two or more persons acting as a group, as a group is defined for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of more than 40% of the outstanding common stock.  The closing of the common stock issuance with EST China qualified as Change of Control Event for Mr. Sabacky, since he was an officer of the Company on the date of such closing. Mr. A. Lee, Mr. Zou, Mr. S. Huang, Mr. R. Lee, Ms. P. Conroy and Mr. J. Zhan all forfeited their options and equity awards as a result of their resignations.  
     
   Compensation Risks   
     
  The Company s management and the Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee have assessed the risks associated with our compensation policies and practices for all employees, including non-executive officers. Based on the results of this assessment, we do not believe that our compensation policies and practices for all employees, including non-executive officers, create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company.  

Director Compensation   
     
   Summary Compensation Table . Other than Mr. Sun and Mr. Zhan, whose compensation is disclosed above, the following table sets forth information regarding the compensation we paid to our directors in 2015:  

164

Other than Messrs. Sun, Zhan and R. Lee, whose compensation is disclosed above, the following table sets forth information regarding the compensation we paid to our directors in 2014:  

Other than Mr. R. Lee, Mr. A. Lee and Mr. Zou whose compensation is disclosed above, the following table sets forth information regarding the compensation we paid to our directors in 2013:  

From January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015, the Company paid all directors who are not employees of the Company a fee of $5,000 per quarter. In addition, directors who are not employees and provide service in the following positions received the following additional fees:  

Position    
 
   Additional Compensation     

Audit Committee Chair   
 
  $1,500 in 2015    

Other Committee Chair or Member   
 
  Determined upon formation     

165

From January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2014, the Company paid all directors who are not employees of the Company a fee of $5,000 per quarter. In addition, directors who are not employees and provide service in the following positions received the following additional fees:  

Position    
 
   Additional Compensation     

Audit Committee Chair   
 
  $1,500 in 2014    

Other Committee Chair or Member   
 
  Determined upon formation     
     
  On December 4, 2013, the Board of Directors approved a resolution providing that members of the Board would be compensated at $20,000 per year and all Audit Committee members would be compensated an additional $6,000 per year, which will be paid quarterly beginning 2014 .    

Position    
 
   Additional Compensation     

Audit Committee   
 
  $1,250 per quarter in 2013    

Other Committee Chair or Member   
 
  Determined upon formation     

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
       
  The following table sets forth information regarding the ownership of our common stock the only class or series of capital stock outstanding, as of March 31, 2014, March 31, 2015 and March 31, 2016, respectively, by (i) each person known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each Director of the Company; (iii) each named executive officer; and (iv) all Directors and executive officers of the Company as a group. This table is based upon information supplied by such officers, directors and principal stockholders to the extent they continue to maintain a relationship with the Company (and otherwise is based upon the information we last possessed or publicly disclosed information). Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where applicable, we believe that each of the stockholders named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned.   

As of    
   March 31, 2016     
 
   As of    
   March 31, 2015    
 
   As of    
   March 31, 2014     

Name of Officer or Director    
 
   Amount and   
   Nature of   
   Beneficial   
   Ownership   (1)     
 
   Percentage   
   of Class   (2)     
 
   Amount and   
   Nature of   
   Beneficial   
   Ownership   (1)     
 
   Percentage   
   of Class   (2)     
 
   Amount and   
   Nature of   
   Beneficial   
   Ownership   (1)     
 
   Percentage   
   of Class   (2)      

Guohua Sun (Chief Executive Officer and Director)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Karen Werner (Interim Chief Executive Officer)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Alexander Lee (former Chief Executive Officer and Director)    
 
  16,668   
 
  N/A    
 
  16,668   
 
  N/A   
 
  16,668   
 
  N/A    

Richard Lee (former Chief Executive Officer and Director)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

James Zhan (former Chief Executive Officer and Director)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

LiMing Zou (former President)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Bruce Sabacky (former CTO; current Senior Director of Technology   
 
  18,209 (3)     
 
  N/A   
 
  18,209 (3)     
 
  N/A   
 
  18,209 (3)     
 
  N/A    

Stephen Huang (former Chief Financial Officer)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Paula Conroy (former Chief Financial Officer)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Thomas Reddington (former Chief Operating Officer)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Yincang Wei (Director)   
 
  6,172,801 (4)    
 
  53.18%   
 
  6,172,801 (4)    
 
  53.18%   
 
  6,172,801 (4)    
 
  53.18%    

Jun (Eddie) Liu (Director)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Zhigang Zhao (Director)   
 
  None    
 
  N/A   
 
  None    
 
  N/A   
 
  None    
 
  N/A    

Yuhong Li (Director)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Dr. Ching Chuen Chan (Director)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Guohua Wei (Director)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Li Yang (Director)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Victor Sze (former Director)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Hong Guo (former Director)    
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

Eqbal Al Yousuf (former Director)   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None   
 
  N/A    

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group as of the respective Date (August 28, 2016 and 20 persons)   

6,207,678   

53.48%   

6,207,678   

53.48%   

6,207,678   

53.48%     

166

(1)   
 
  Includes all common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of options and warrants that are exercisable on or before May 31, 2016, 2015 or 2014, respectively, but does not include shares issuable pursuant to options and warrants exercisable on or before May 31, 2016, 2015, or 2014, respectively that are held by other persons or groups.      

(2)   
 
  Based on 11,606,735 common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. Common stock underlying options, warrants or other convertible or exercisable securities are, to the extent exercisable on or before May 31, 2016, 2015 or 2014, respectively, are deemed to be outstanding for purposes of calculating the percentage ownership of the owner of such convertible and exercisable securities, but not for purposes of calculating any other person s percentage ownership.    

(3)   
 
  Includes 18,209 common shares subject to options granted to Mr. Sabacky pursuant to the1998 Plan and the 2005 Plan.    

(4)   
 
  Represents shares owned of record by Energy Storage Technology (China) Group Ltd, a Hong Kong corporation.  Such shares are beneficially owned by Energy Storage Technology (China) Group Ltd, a Hong Kong corporation, Canon Investment Holdings Limited, a Hong Kong corporation, Mr. Yincang Wei, the Executive Director and sole stockholder of Canon, Zhuhai Jiamei Energy Technology Co., Ltd., a company organized under the laws of China, and Zhuhai Yintong Energy Co., Ltd., a Hong Kong corporation.    

(5)   
 
  Information based on an Amendment No. 2 to Schedule 13D filed by Al Yousuf LLC and its affiliates on October 8, 2010, as adjusted to reflect any subsequent consolidations of our common stock. Mr. Eqbal Al Yousuf has voting and dispository authority with respect to such shares.     

167

Arrangements with Respect to Change of Control    
     
  Gree Electric Appliances Inc. ( Gree ), a Chinese air conditioner manufacturer, has announced its intention to purchase Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co. ( Yinlong Energy ), a Chinese electric vehicle company.  Yinlong Energy indirectly owns EST China, which owns approximately 53% of our outstanding shares of common stock.   The proposed transaction between Gree and Yinlong Energy is subject to various regulatory approvals in China, and we are uncertain when or if it will close. If such transaction closes, Gree will indirectly own a majority of our common stock, including the associated right to control our Board of Directors.   

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans   
     
  We have stock option plans administered by the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors that provide for the granting of options to employees, officers, directors and other service providers of the Company.  Security holders have approved all option plans.  The following table sets forth certain information with respect to compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.  
       
    Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans as of December 31, 2015    

Plan category    
 
   Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights    
 
   Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights    
 
   Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))     

(a)   
 
  (b)   
 
  (c)    

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders   
 
  44,445   
 
  $53.67   
 
  330,555    

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None    

Total   
 
  44,445   
 
  $53.67   
 
  330,555     
     
     Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans as of December 31, 2014    

Plan category    
 
   Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights    
 
   Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights    
 
   Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))     

(a)   
 
  (b)   
 
  (c)    

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders   
 
  111,111   
 
  $23.05   
 
  263,89    

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None    

Total   
 
  111,111   
 
  $23.05   
 
  263,889     

168

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans as of December 31, 2013    

Plan category    
 
   Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights    
 
   Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights    
 
   Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))     

(a)   
 
  (b)   
 
  (c)    

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders   
 
  149,653   
 
  $18.68   
 
  225,347    

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    
 
  None   
 
  N/A   
 
  None    

Total   
 
  149,653   
 
  $18.68   
 
  225,347     

Of the total 330,555 securities remaining available for future issuance as of December 31, 2015, none are subject to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-8. The Board of Directors has not authorized the filing of a Form S-8 with respect to the 833,333 added to the 2005 Plan in 2011 and, as a result, our ability to grant options or other awards with respect to such shares is severely restricted.   

Item 13.    
 
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence      
       
   Policies for Approval of Related Party Transactions    
     
  Pursuant to the written charter of the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee has the authority and responsibility to review and approve any proposed transactions between the Company (including its subsidiaries) and any person that is an officer, key employee, director or affiliate of the Company or any subsidiary), other than transactions related to the employment and compensation of such persons, which are reviewed and approved by the Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee.   

Related Party Transactions   
     
  Set forth below is information on transactions, other than employment arrangements with officers, entered into between the Company and certain related persons since January 1, 2012 and selected prior transactions with continuing significance:   
     
  On July 22, 2011, the Company and EST China completed the sale by the Company, and the purchase by EST China of 6,172,801 shares of common stock of the Company at a purchase price of $9.32 per share, or $57.5 million in the aggregate, pursuant to the Share Subscription Agreement dated September 20, 2010 between the Company and Canon Investment Holdings, Ltd. As a result of the closing under the Share Subscription Agreement, a change of control in the Company occurred.  EST China, which is controlled by Mr. Yincang Wei, owns 53.18% of the outstanding common stock of the Company.  In addition, pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, the Company has granted certain rights to Canon, including (i) rights to representation on the Board of Directors proportionate with ownership, (ii) the right to cause the Company to file a shelf registration statement two years after closing, together with certain demand and piggy-back registration rights, (iii) certain indemnification rights related to the registration rights, and (iv) an option to purchase common stock of the Company at market price in an amount sufficient to maintain proportionate ownership in connection with future dilutive issuances.  

169

On January 6, 2013, Northern Altair entered into an agreement (the  2013 Wu an Agreement ) with Wu an Municipal People s Government ( Wu an ) with respect to the purchase and sale of 165 Electric Buses ( EV Buses ). In 2015, we delivered 28 EV Buses to the Wu an government.   
     
  In April 2013, Altairnano, Inc. earned a commission selling battery packs from Zhuhai Yinlong to a U.S. based customer for approximately $132,000.  
     
  In July 2013, Hebei Yinlong New Energy and Northern Altair entered into an nLTO purchase agreement for the purchase of two thousand tons of generation two nLTO for approximately $65.4 million. As of December 31, 2015, approximately $7.63 million in nLTO has been delivered under this agreement.   
     
  On May 13, 2014, Northern Altair and Handan City Public Transportation, a state owned enterprise, entered into the 2014 Handan Agreement for approximately $44.5 million for 200 EV Buses equipped with high efficiency lithium batteries which have been manufactured with our nLTO materials. In 2014 and 2015, we delivered the contracted 200 EV Buses to Handan City Public Transportation. Northern Altair does not manufacture EV Buses; therefore, in order to deliver the 200 EV Buses, it purchased EV Buses directly from its affiliates Zhuhai Guangtong Auto ( Guangtong )   and Zhuhai Yinlong, which are wholly owned subsidiaries of Hebei Yinlong, the indirect shareholder of the Company. Both Zhuhai Yinlong and GuangTong are in the business of EV Bus manufacturing.   
     
   Related Party Borrowing and Lending   
     
  During 2014 and 2015, there were several loans between Northern Altair and certain affiliated entities. The table below set forth the loans or trade acceptance balance between Northern Altair and certain affiliated entities as of the dates specified:   

(1) Represents the balance of a loan owed by the specified related Parties to Northern Altair. All such loans are non-interest bearing and due on demand.  
   
  (2) Represents the balance of a loan or trade acceptance owed by Northern Altair to the specified related Parties. All such loans are non-interest bearing and due on demand.                      
     
  (3) During the periods presented, Northern Altair issued trade acceptances to the related party (listed above). Trade acceptances are presented to related parties as a payment against the outstanding trade payable. These trade acceptances are non-interest bearing and mature within six months.  

170

Related Party Structure   
     
  Mr. Yincang Wei (individual) owns 100% of Hui Neng Investment Holdings Ltd (HK), formally Canon Investment Holdings, Ltd., who owns 57.5% of Zhuhai Yinlong; who owns 100% of EST China; who owns 53.18% of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. Zhuhai Yinlong also owns 100% of Hebei Yinlong and Zhuhai Guangtong, of which both are EV Bus manufacturing companies, Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Auto Co., Ltd., and Zhuhai Yinlong Electronic Co., Ltd.   

Director Independence    
     
  The Board of Directors is currently comprised of nine directors, of whom three are independent using the listing standards and definitions applicable to the Nasdaq Stock Market: Zhigang Zhao, Yuhong Li and Li Yang.  The members of the Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee as of the date of this Comprehensive Report are Yincang Wei, Guohua Sun and Jun (Eddie) Liu, none of whom is independent under the listing standards and definitions applicable to the Nasdaq Stock Market.   
     
  The members of the Audit Committee as of the date of this report are Zhigang Zhao, Yuhong Li and Li Yang, each of whom has been determined by the Board to be independent under the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market and Rule 10A-3(b)(1)(ii) under the Exchange Act.  

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   
       
   Services Provided by our Independent Registered Public Accountants   
       
  Crowe Horwath served as our independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, however, it resigned before the December 31, 2013 audit was completed. Following our acceptance of their resignation, the Audit Committee approved the engagement of Marcum LLP as the Company s independent registered accounting firm for all years ending December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. This action effectively caused additional aggregate fees for professional services rendered as follows:  

Audit Fees   
     
  Audit fees were for professional services rendered for the audits of our financial statements and for review of the financial statements included in our annual and quarterly reports for the annual and quarterly periods during the 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 fiscal years.  

171

Audit-related Fees   
     
  During the 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 fiscal years, our independent registered public accountants did not provide any assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported under the caption  Audit Fees  above. Therefore, there were no audit-related fees billed or paid during the 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 fiscal years.  
       
   Tax Fees   
       
  Our independent registered public accountants did provide services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012.  
       
   All Other Fees   
       
  Our independent registered public accountants did provide other products and services disclosed in the table above during the 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 fiscal years. As a result, there were no other fees billed or paid during those fiscal years.  

Audit Committee Pre-approval Policies and Procedures   
       
  The Audit Committee has certain policies and procedures in place requiring the pre-approval of audit and non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accountants. Such pre-approval can be given as part of the Audit Committee s approval of the scope of the engagement of the independent public registered accountants or on an individual basis. The Audit Committee can delegate the pre-approval of non-auditing services to the Chairman of the Audit Committee, but the decision must be presented to the full Audit Committee at the next scheduled meeting.   
     
  All work performed by our independent registered public accountants for us in 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was pre-approved by the Audit Committee. None of the work performed by our independent registered public accounts during 2015, 2014, 2013 or 2012 was approved in reliance upon paragraph (c)(7)(i)(C) of Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X.  

172

PART IV   
     
   Item 15.                Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.   
     
   (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report   
     
  1.      Financial Statements : All financial statements as set forth under Item 8 of this report.  
     
  2.      Exhibits : See Item 15(b) below.  
     
   (b) Exhibits:   
     
  The exhibit list required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of this report.  
     
   (c) Financial Statement Schedules: None   

173

SIGNATURES   
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC.   

By:   
 
  /s/ Guohua Sun   

Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 15, 2016  

ADDITIONAL SIGNATURES   
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant.   

Signature    
 
   Title    
 
   Date     

/s/ Guohua Sun    
 
  Chief Executive Officer   
 
  November 15, 2016    

Guohua Sun   
 
  (Principal Executive Officer)   

and Director   

/s/ Karen Werner   
  Karen Werner   
 
  Interim Chief Financial Officer   
  (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)   
 
  November 15, 2016    

/s/ Yincang Wei    
 
  Chairman Of the Board   
 
  November 15, 2016    

Yincang Wei   

/s/ Zhigang Zhao    
 
  Director   
 
  November 15, 2016    

Frank Zhao   

/s/ Yuhong Li    
 
  Director   
 
  November 15, 2016    

Yuhong Li   

/s/ Jun Liu    
 
  Director   
 
  November 15, 2016    

Jun Liu   

/s/ Guohua Wei     
 
  Director and General Manager of Altair China and Northern Altair   
 
  November 15, 2016    

Guohua Wei   

/s/ Dr Ching Chuen Chan    
 
  Director   
 
  November 15, 2016    

Dr. Ching Chuen Chan   

174

Exhibit Index   

Exhibit No.    

Description    

Incorporated by Reference/   
   Filed Herewith (and Sequential Page #)     

3.1   

Certificate of Incorporation   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2012. **     

3.2   

Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation    

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2012. **    

3.3   

Amended and Restated Bylaws   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2012. **    

4.1   

Form of Common Stock Certificate   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2012. **    

4.2   

Revised Amended and Restated Shareholder Rights Agreement dated May 31, 2012 with Registrar and Transfer Company   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 10, 2012. **    

10.1   

1998 Altair International Inc. Stock Option Plan***    

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed with the SEC on May 12, 1998. **    

10.2   

Altair Nanotechnologies Inc 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (Second Amended and Restated)***   

Filed herewith. **    

10.3   

Standard Form of Stock Option Agreement under 2005 Stock Incentive Plan***   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2007. **    

10.4   

Standard Form of Stock Option Agreement for Executives under 2005 Stock incentive Plan ***   

Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2008  . **    

10.5   

Standard Form of Director s Indemnification Agreement***   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 20, 2008. **    

10.6   

Registration Rights Agreement dated November 29, 2007 with Al Yousuf LLC   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 30, 2007. **    

10.7.1   

Amendment No. 1 to Registration Rights Agreement with Al Yousuf, LLC dated as of September 30, 2008   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2008. **    

10.7.2   

Amendment No. 2 to Registration Rights Agreement with Al Yousuf, LLC dated August 14, 2009   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 4, 2009. **     

175

176

177

10.32   

Community Loan Contract, dated October 31, 2013, by and between Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Limited and the Wu an Rural Credit Cooperative Co., Limited.   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 22, 2013. **    

10.33   

Working Capital Loan Contract dated October 31, 2013 with the Cixian Rural Credit Cooperative   

Filed herewith. **    

10.34   

Working Capital Loan Contract dated December 19, 2013 with the Bank of Handan Co., Ltd., Wu an Branch    

Filed herewith. **    

10.35   

Working Capital Loan Contracted dated April 30, 2014 with Bank of Handan Co., Ltd.   

Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2014. **    

10.36   

Current Fund Loan Contract dated September 4, 2014 with Bank of Handan Wu an Branch    

Filed herewith. **    

10.37   

Loan Contract of Association dated September 5, 2014 with Wu an Rural Credit Cooperative Union, Handan Fengfeng Mine Rural Credit Cooperative and Daming County Rural Credit Cooperative    

Filed herewith. **    

10.38   

Loan Contract dated October 16, 2014 with Bank of China    

Filed herewith. **    

10.39   

Loan Contract of Association dated November 6, 2014 with Cixian Rural Credit Cooperative Union and Wu an Rural Credit Cooperative Union    

Filed herewith. **    

10.40   

Current Capital Loan Contract dated September 24, 2015 with Wu an Branch Bank of Handan    

Filed herewith. **    

10.41   

Current Capital Loan Contract dated September 28, 2015 with Wu an Branch Bank of Handan    

Filed herewith. **    

10.42   

Discount Agreement of Bank Acceptance Bill dated November 16, 2015 with Anshan Rural Commercial Bank   

Filed herewith. **    

10.43   

Current Capital Loan Contract dated May 6, 2016 with Wu an Branch of Handan Bank    

Filed herewith. **    

10.44   

Pledge Contract of Rights dated May 6, 2016 with Wu an Branch of Handan Bank   

Filed herewith. **    

10.45   

Deposit Contract dated July 6, 2015 with Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.   

Filed herewith. **    

10.46   

Repurchase Agreement dated July 6, 2015 with Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.   

Filed herewith. **    

10.47   

Manufacture Rebate Contract dated July 6, 2015 with Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. and Handan Public Transport Corporation*   

Filed herewith. **     

178

179

*Portions of this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Rule 24b-2, are filed separately with the SEC and are subject to a confidential treatment request.  
     
  ** SEC File No 1-12497   
     
  *** Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
   
 180 

<EX-10.22.1>
 2
 ex10-221.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.22.1
 
   ex10-221.htm 

Exhibit 10.22.1   

LEASE AND OCCUPANCY AGREEMENT  
  3019 ENTERPRISE DRIVE, ANDERSON, IN  
  March 11, 2016  

Altairnano Inc., sole tenant of the FEC Accelerator Building (hereafter called  A1 ), located at 3019 Enterprise Drive, Anderson, Indiana, because of a change in business plans, wishes to terminate its lease on A1. The current lease extends to June 30, 2017.   
     
  Upon consideration of the terms of the lease, and the change in the status of Altairnano, Inc., the Flagship Enterprise Center has proposed, and Altairnano has accepted, a termination of the existing lease, effective April 30, 2016, under the following conditions:  

3.   
 
  Flagship agrees to allow use of the A1 facility to the remaining Altairnano staff, without further basic rent, until the lease of the building. Altairnano will continue to be responsible for paying all utilities and ground maintenance costs, and will keep the building clean and accessible for real estate showings.      

4.   
 
  Upon lease of A1, Altairnano will be given a thirty (30) day notice to vacate the building.      
     
  The Agreement supersedes all previous agreements or arrangements.   

FLAGSHIP ENTERPRISE CENTER, INC.   

ALTAIRNANO, INC.   

</EX-10.22.1>

<EX-10.33>
 3
 ex10-33.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.33
 
   10.33.htm 

EXHIBIT 10.33   
     
  Community Loan Contract  
     
  [seal: illegible]  
  [seal cutoff: Rural Cooperative]  

Hebei Rural Credit Cooperative  

Community Loan Contract  
     
  Serial No.:   WALSNXJZ 2013 No. 06802013663614    
     
  Borrower (hereinafter referred to as Party A):  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd   
  Lender (including a leading cooperative and common member cooperatives, hereinafter referred to as Party B):  
  Leading cooperative:  Wuan Rural Credit Cooperative Co. Ltd.   
  Common member cooperative:  Ci County Rural Credit Cooperative   
  Common member cooperative: __________________________  
     
  Party A applies for loan with Party B and Party B agrees to provide loan to Party A. As is prescribed under applicable laws, regulations and rules, Party A and Party B enter into this contract upon consensus through consultation for mutual compliance.  
     
  Article 1: Amount of loan  
  Party A borrows RMB (in letters)  One Hundred and Five Million  from Party B.  
     
  Article 2: Purpose of the loan  
  Party A shall use the loan for  the purchase of machinery and equipment and the construction of workshops, office buildings and facilities attached and other infrastructure.  Without the written consent of Party B, Party A shall not change the purpose of the loan.  
     
  Article 3: Term of loan  
  The agreed-to term of loan under this contract is  12  months, running from  October 31, 2013  till  October 30, 2014 .  
  In the event that the starting date and expiration date of the loan under this contract is inconsistent with those under the loan under the loan transfer voucher (the loan receipt, sic passim), the actual loan disbursement date set forth in the loan transfer voucher for the first loan disbursement shall govern and the loan expiration date under Paragraph 1 of this article shall be adjusted accordingly.  
  The loan transfer voucher shall be an integral part of this contract with the same legal effect as this contract.  
     
  Article 4: Loan interest rate, default interest rate and interest calculation and interest settlement  

1

1.   
 
  Loan interest rate     
  The loan interest rate under this contract refers to annual interest rate, which is the following Item  (1) :  

(1)     
 
  Fixed interest rate, that is,  100% upward on 6% = 12% . During the term of the loan, this loan interest shall remain unchanged. In the event of any adjustment in the benchmark interest rate of the People s Bank as a result of which the benchmark interest rate under this contract needs to be adjusted at the same time as is prescribed under relevant documents, the adjustment shall be made as is prescribed under the documents.     

(2)       
 
  Fixed interest rate, that is,  ---- % (choose upward or downward) of the benchmark interest rate  ----  from the value date. The interest rate shall remain unchanged during the term of the loan.     

(3)         
 
  Floating interest rate, that is,  ---- % (choose upward or downward) of the benchmark interest rate  ----  from the value date. What s more, this interest rate shall be adjusted from the value date till the day when the capital and interest under this contract are settled once every  ----  according to the benchmark interest rate on the day of interest rate adjustment and the foregoing upward/downward ratio. The day of interest rate adjustment shall be the corresponding day of the value date in the month of adjustment. In case there is no corresponding day for the value date, the last day of the month shall be the day of interest rate adjustment.     

2.   
 
  Default interest rate     

(1)     
 
  In case that Party A fails to use the loan for the purpose under this contract, the default interest rate shall be  100 % over the loan interest rate. When the loan interest rate is adjusted as is prescribed under Sub-paragraph (3), Paragraph 1 of this article, the default interest rate shall be adjusted according to the loan interest rate after adjustment and the foregoing upward ratio.     

(2)     
 
  The overdue default interest rate of the loan under this contract shall be  50 % over the loan interest rate. In the event that the loan interest rate is adjusted as is prescribed under Sub-paragraph (3), Paragraph 1 of this article, the default interest rate shall be adjusted according to the loan interest rate after adjustment and the foregoing upward ratio.     

(3)   
 
  In case that overdue repayment and misuse happen to the loan at the same time, whichever is more serious shall be chosen for the charge of default interest and compound interest.     

3.   
 
  The value date under this article shall refer to the day when the loan provided under this contract is transferred to the account designated by Party A.    

When the loan under this contract is issued for the first time, the benchmark interest rate shall refer to the loan interest rate of the same period and the same level announced and implemented by the People s Bank of China on the value date. After that, when the loan interest rate is adjusted as is agreed above, the benchmark interest rate shall refer to the loan interest rate of the same period and the same level announced and implemented by the People s Bank of China on the day of adjustment. In case that the People s Bank of China does not announce the loan interest rate of the same period and the same level any more, the bench mark shall refer to the loan interest rate of the same period and the same level publicly recognized by other banks or commonly adopted on the day of adjustment, unless otherwise agreed between both parties.   

2

4.   
 
  The loan interest rate shall be calculated from the day when the loan is transferred to the account designated by Party A. The loan under this contract shall be calculated by day. The daily interest rate = annual interest rate/360. In case that Party A fails to pay the interest by the settlement deadline agreed under this contract, and the compound interest shall be calculated from the next day on.     

5.   
 
  Interest settlement     

(1)   
 
  If fixed interest rate is adopted for the loan, the interest shall be calculated according to the agreed-to interest rate when the interest is settled. If floating interest rate is adopted for the loan, the interest shall be calculated according to the interest rate determined of each floating period. In case that the interest rate floats for many times during a single interest settlement period, the interest for each floating period shall be calculated first, and the interest shall be the sum of interests for all floating periods on the day of interest settlement.     

(2)     
 
  The method  2  shall be adopted for the interest settlement for the loan under this contract:     

1.     
 
  If the interest is settled each month, the day of interest settlement shall be the 20 th  day of each month;     

2.     
 
  If the interest is settled each quarter, the day of interest settlement shall be the 20 th  day of the last month of each quarter;     

3.     
 
  Other methods:  ---------------- .     
     
  Article 5: The disbursement and drawdown of the loan  

1.   
 
  Prerequisites for the disbursement of the loan     
  Party B shall be obliged to provide the loan only when the following prerequisites are met on an on-going basis, unless Party B waives them in whole or in part.  

(1)   
 
  Where Party A has already gone through all legal procedures including the approval, registration, delivery, insurance and etc. related to the loan under this contract.     

(2)   
 
  Where there is guarantee set under this contact, and the guarantee meets the requirement of Party B and remains valid continuously.     

(3)   
 
  Where Party A has already opened an account for loan drawdown and repayment as is required by Party B.     

3

(4)   
 
  Where Party A has no breach of contract agreed to under this contract or no situation that may endanger the safety of Party B s creditor s right agreed to under this contract.     

(5)   
 
  Where laws, regulations, rules or competent authorities neither prohibit nor limit the loan provided by Party B under this contract.    

(6) 
 Other conditions:   

.    

2.   
 
  Drawdown plan     
  The drawdown plan shall be determined according to the following method  (2) .  

1)   
 
  Drawdown plans are as follows:     

1.           
 
   ---- /  ---- /  ----  (month/ date/ year) Amount:  ------------------- :     

2.           
 
   ---- /  ---- /  ----  (month/ date/ year) Amount:  ------------------- :     

3.           
 
   ---- /  ---- /  ----  (month/ date/ year) Amount:  ------------------- :     

4.           
 
   ---- /  ---- /  ----  (month/ date/ year) Amount:  ------------------- :     

2)     
 
   After Party B provides the loan, Party A shall use it in whole in a lump sum.      

3.   
 
  Party A shall use the loan as is agreed under Paragraph 2. Party A shall not advance, delay or cancel the drawdown.     

4.   
 
  In the event that Party A uses the loan in installment, the expiration date of the loan shall still be determined as is prescribed under Article 3 of this contract.     
     
  Article 6: Repayment  

1.   
 
  Repayment principle     
  Party A shall repay the loan under this contract according to the following principle:  
  Party B shall have the right to use the repayment from Party A to first settle various expenses which shall be borne by Party A, yet have been advanced by Party B and expenses for the realization of Party B s creditor s right. The balance shall be repaid on the basis of the principle that the interest shall be paid first before the capital and the interest shall be settled along with the capital.  

4

2.   
 
  Interest payment     
  Party A shall pay the due interest to Party B on the interest settlement day. The first interest payment day shall be the first interest settlement day after the loan is provided. The interest shall be settled along with the capital in the last repayment.  

3.   
 
  Capital repayment plan     
  The capital repayment plan shall be determined according to the following method  (2) :  

(1)   
 
  The capital repayment plans are as follows:     

1.            
 
     ---- /  ---- /  ----  (month/ date/ year) Amount:  ------------------- :     

2.            
 
     ---- /  ---- /  ----  (month/ date/ year) Amount:  ------------------- :     

3.            
 
     ---- /  ---- /  ----  (month/ date/ year) Amount:  ------------------- :     

4.            
 
     ---- /  ---- /  ----  (month/ date/ year) Amount:  ------------------- :     

5.            
 
     ---- /  ---- /  ----  (month/ date/ year) Amount:  ------------------- :     

(2)   
 
  The interest shall be settled by quarter. The capital shall be repaid when the term expires.     

4.   
 
  Repayment method     
  Party A shall prepare sufficient amount for the repayment of the period in the account opened by Party B and make the remittance for repayment on its own by the repayment deadline agreed to under this contract or transfer a certain amount from another account for loan repayment.  

5.   
 
  Pre-payment     
  In the event that Party A prepays the capital, it shall apply to Party B  10  working days in advance and then prepay the capital in part or in whole upon the consent of Party B.  
     
  When Party A makes the prepayment in installment, if part of the capital is to be prepaid, the repayment shall be made in an order contrary to that under the repayment plan. After the repayment in advance, the part of loan that has not been repaid shall still be executed according to the loan interest rate agreed to under this contract.  

5

Article 7: Rights and obligations of Party A  

1.   
 
  Party A s rights     

(1)   
 
  Party A shall have the right to require Party B to provide the loan as is prescribed under this contract.     

(2)   
 
  Party A shall have the right to use the loan for the purpose agreed to under this contract.     

(3)   
 
  Party A shall have the right to apply to Party B for the extension of the term of the loan as long as the conditions required by Party B are met.     

(4)   
 
  Party A shall have the right to require Party B to keep confidential the financial materials and trade secrets about production and operations provided by Party A, unless otherwise prescribed under laws, regulation, rules and competent authorities or agreed between both parties.     

(5)   
 
  Party A shall have the right to refuse Party B s and its staffers  request for bribery. Party A shall have the right to report the foregoing act or Party B s violation against national laws and regulations on credit interest rate, charge for service and etc., if any, to competent authorities.     

2.   
 
  Party A s obligations     

(1)   
 
  Party A shall withdraw the loan, settle the capital and interest of the loan in whole and bear various expenses under this contract as is prescribed under this contract.     

(2)     
 
  Party A shall provide accounting materials and production and operation materials as is required by Party B, including but not limited to the balance sheet at the end of the last quarter and the sheet of losses and gains by the end of the last quarter (sheet of incomes and expenses for state-owned undertakings) provided to Party B within the first  15  working days of the first month of each quarter as well as the annual cash flow sheet provided in time at the end of the year. Party A shall also be responsible for the authenticity, integrity and effectiveness of the materials provided without providing any false materials or holding back any important operating and financial facts.     

(3)     
 
  In case of any change in any industrial and commercial registration matter including the name, legal representative (responsible person), domicile, scope of operation, registered capital, articles of association of the company (enterprise) or etc., Party A shall notify Party B in writing within  10  working days after the change with relevant materials for the change attached.     

(4)   
 
  Party A shall use the loan according to the purpose agreed to under this contract. Party A shall not seize or appropriate the loan or using the rural credit cooperative for illegal or incompliant transactions and shall cooperate in and accept examination and supervision carried out by Party B on Party A s production, operation, financial activities and the use of the loan under this contract. Party A shall not withdraw fund away, transfer its assets or make use of related transactions to avoid any debt owed to Party B. Party A shall not use any false contract with a related party for bank discount or pledge with receivable notes, receivable account and other creditor s rights without any actual trade background to gain bank fund or credit.     

6

(5)   
 
  In the event that Party A uses the loan under this contract for production or engineering construction, Party A shall follow national regulations on environmental protection.     

(6)   
 
  Before settling the capital and interest of the loan owed to Party B, Party A shall not provide any guarantee to any third party with any asset created by the loan under this contract without the consent of Party B.     

(7)   
 
  If Party A is a group client, Party A shall report information about related transactions for over 10% of the net assets of Party A to Party B in time, including 1) relations between transaction parties; 2) transaction items and transaction nature; 3) transaction amount or corresponding proportions; and 4) pricing policies (including transactions without any amount or only with nominal amount).     

(8)   
 
  The loan provided under this contract is for the purpose of fixed asset loan or project loan. Party A shall guarantee that the proposed project can be approved by competent governmental authorities without violating any laws or regulations. The capital or other required funds shall be available in whole by a prescribed deadline at a prescribed proportion so as to guarantee the project can be completed as is scheduled.     
     
  Article 8: Rights and obligations of Party B  

1.   
 
  Party B shall have the right to require Party A to repay the capital, interest and fees for the loan as is scheduled, to execute other agreed-to rights under this contract, and perform other obligations of Party A under this contract.     

2.   
 
  Party B shall provide the loan as is agreed under this contract, unless otherwise delayed for Party A s reason or any reason other than Party B s fault.     

3.   
 
  Party B shall keep confidential the financial materials and trade secrets about production and operation provided by Party A, unless otherwise prescribed under laws, regulation, rules and competent authorities or agreed between both parties.     

4.   
 
  Party B shall not offer bribery to Party A and its staffers or ask for or accept bribery from Party A and its staffers.     

5.   
 
  Party B shall not engage in bad faith acts that impair the legal interest of Party A.     
     
  Article 9: Liabilities for breach of contract and remedies for situations that endanger the creditor s right of Party B.  

7

1.   
 
  Party B s breach of contract and liabilities for breach of contract     

(1)   
 
  In case that Party B fails to provide the loan as is agreed under this contract without any justifiable reason, Party A shall have the right to require Party B to still provide the loan as is prescribed under this contract.     

(2)   
 
  In case that Party B violates any ban under laws and regulations of the state to charge any interest or fee from Party A that shall not be charged, Party A shall have the right to require Party B to return it.     

2.   
 
  Party A s breach of contract     

(1)   
 
  Where Party A violates any agreement or legal obligation under this contract.     

(2)   
 
  Where Party A states without ambiguity or by its act that it will not perform any obligation under this contract.     

3.   
 
  Situations that may endanger Party B s creditor s right     

(1)   
 
  In case of any of the following situations happening to Party A which may endanger the safety of the creditor s right under this contract as is believed by Party B: contracting, trust (receivership), lease, joint-stock reform, decrease in registered capital, investment, joint operation, incorporation, merger, acquisition and reorganization, separation, joint venture, application (being applied) for business suspension for rectification, application for disincorporation, being canceled, application (being applied) for bankruptcy, change in controlling shareholders/ actual controllers or transfer of material assets, production suspension, business suspension, being subject to a large amount of penalty imposed by a competent authority, cancelation of registration by competent authorities, cancelation of business license by competent authorities, involvement in material legal disputes, severe difficulties in production and operation or deterioration in financial status, and the legal person s or the major responsible person s failure to perform its responsibilities.     

(2)   
 
  In case of any of the following situations happening to Party A which may endanger the safety of the creditor s right under this contract as is believed by Party B: Party A fails to fulfill other due debts (including those owed to agencies of various levels of Hebei Rural Credit Cooperative), transfers its properties at low prices or for free, deducts debt of a third party, fails to execute its creditor s right or other rights actively, or provides guarantee to a third party.     

(3)   
 
  Party A s shareholders misuse the legal person s independent status of the company or the limited liabilities of shareholders to avoid debts and Party B believes this situation may endanger the safety of the creditor s right under this contract.     

(4)   
 
  Any prerequisite for the loan disbursement as is agreed under this contract fails to be met continuously.     

(5)   
 
  In case of any of the following situations happening to the guarantor which may endanger the safety of the creditor s right under this contract as is believed by Party B:     

8

1.   
 
  The guarantor violates any agreement under this contract or any fact stated and guaranteed is false, wrong or missed.     

2.   
 
  The guarantor s contracting, trust (receivership), lease, joint-stock reform, decrease in registered capital, investment, joint operation, incorporation, merger, acquisition and reorganization, separation, joint venture, application (being applied) for business suspension for rectification, application for disincorporation, being canceled, application (being applied) for bankruptcy, change in controlling shareholders/ actual controllers or transfer of material assets, production suspension, business suspension, being subject to a large amount of penalty imposed by a competent authority, cancelation of registration by competent authorities, cancelation of business license by competent authorities, involvement in material legal disputes, severe difficulties in production and operation or deterioration in financial status, and the legal person s or the major responsible person s failure to perform its responsibilities, which may affect the guarantor s capability of guarantee.     

3.   
 
  Other situations that cause or may cause the loss of the capacity of guarantee.     

(6)   
 
  In case of any of the following situations happening to mortgage or pledge which may endanger the safety of the creditor s right under this contract as is believed by Party B:     

1.   
 
  Properties mortgaged or pledged are damaged, lost or depreciated due to the expropriation, confiscation or requisition of the state, change in market situations or any other reasons.     

2.   
 
  Properties mortgaged or pledged are seized, detained, frozen, deducted, retained, auctioned, supervised by an administrative authority or involved in any dispute over its ownership.     

3.   
 
  The mortgagor or the pledgor violates any agreement under the mortgage contract or pledge contract or any fact stated and guaranteed is false, wrong or missed.     

4.   
 
  Other situations that may endanger the mortgage right or pledge right of Party B.     

(7)   
 
  The guarantee has not been established, has not become valid, is invalid, is canceled or is rescinded, the guarantor breaches the contract or forfeits its capability of guarantee in part or in whole, the guaranty is depreciated and other situations that may endanger the safety of the creditor s right under this contract as is believed by Party B.     

(8)   
 
  Other situations that may endanger the safety of the creditor s right under this contract as is believed by Party B.     

4.   
 
  Party B s remedies     
  Party B shall have the right to execute one or several of the following rights in case of any situation under Paragraph 2 or Paragraph 3 of this article:  

9

(1)   
 
  To stop the loan disbursement     

(2)   
 
  To announce the loan becomes due immediately and to require Party A to repay the capital, interest and fees for all due and undue debts under this contract immediately.     

(3)     
 
  In case that Party A fails to draw down and use the loan as is agreed under the contract, Party B shall have the right to require Party A to pay a penal sum that equals  100 % of the amount that fails to be paid as is agreed and shall have the right to refuse Party A s drawdown of the amount under this contract that has not been used.     

(4)   
 
  In case that Party A fails to use the loan for the agreed-to purpose under this contract, interest and compound interest shall be calculated and charged for the part appropriated by Party A according to the default interest rate and the interest settlement method agreed to under this contract from the day when the loan is used for any purpose other than the purpose under this contract until the capital and interest are settled in whole.     

(5)   
 
  In case that Party A fails to settle the loan in time, for the capital and interest of the loan which Party A fails to settle in time (including the capital and interest of the loan that have been announced by Party B to become overdue ahead of time in whole or in part), interest and compound interest shall be calculated and charged according to the default interest rate and the interest settlement method agreed to under this contract from the day when the loan is used for any purpose other than the purpose under this contract till the capital and interest are settled in whole. Overdue loan shall mean that Party A fails to settle the loan in time or settles to loan within the term of this plan in installment.     
  Before the loan becomes due, compound interest for the interest that Party A fails to settle in time shall be calculated and charged according to the default interest rate and the interest settlement method agreed to under this contract.  

(6)   
 
  Other remedies, including but not limited to:     

1.   
 
  Deduct an amount in RMB or in any other currencies from the account opened at the system of Hebei Rural Cooperative without prior notice.     

2.   
 
  Exercise the right of guarantee.     

3.   
 
  Require Party A to provide new guarantee for all the debts under this contract that meets the requirement of Party B.     

4.   
 
  Rescind this contract.     

10

Article 10: Other terms and conditions  

1.   
 
  Assumption of expenses     
  Expenses for lawyer s fees, insurance, evaluation, registration, safekeeping, authentication, notarization and etc. shall be assumed by Party A, unless otherwise agreed between both parties.  
  All the expenses incurred by Party B for the realization of the creditor s right (including but not limited to legal fees, arbitration fees, property preservation fees, travel expenses, execution fees, evaluation fees, auction fees, notarization fees, delivery fees, announcement fees, lawyer s fees and etc.) shall be assumed by Party A.  

2.   
 
  Use of Party A s information     
  Party A agrees that Party B can inquire the credit status of Party A from the credit database established upon the approval of People s Bank of China and competent credit authorities or relevant units and departments and, it further agrees that Party B can provide Party A s information to credit databases established upon the approval of People s Bank of China and competent credit authorities. Party A also agrees that Party B can use and disclose the information of Party A in a reasonable matter as is demanded by its business.  

3.   
 
  Exigent notice for collection upon announcement      
  For Party A s failure to repay the capital and interest of the loan or other situations of breach of contract, Party B shall have the right to notify relevant departments or units and issue an exigent notice for collection upon announcement via news media.  

4.   
 
  Validity of the evidence recorded by Party B     
  Unless there is any reliable and irrefutable evidence to the contrary, internal accounting records related to capital, interest, fees and repayment records and records and vouchers incurred during the business procedures including Party A s drawdown, repayment, interest repayment and etc. which are formulated or kept by Party B as well as records and vouchers for Party B s exigent collection of the loan shall constitute valid evidence establishing the relationship of creditor s right between Party A and Party B. Party B shall not propose any objection just because the foregoing records, documentations, vouchers, evidence are formulated or kept by Party B unilaterally.  

5.   
 
  Reservation of rights     
  The rights of Party B under this contract shall not affect and exclude any right it is entitled to under laws, regulations and other contracts. Any tolerance, allowance, favorable terms or delay in the execution of this contract for breach of contract or delay shall not be deemed as the waiver of rights and benefits under this contract or permission or recognition of any violation against this contract. Further, it shall not limit, stop and impede the on-going exercise of such rights or any other rights, nor cause any obligation or responsibility that shall be assumed by Party B to Party A.  

11

6.   
 
  Unless Party A assumes other due debts to Party B except debts under this contract, Party B shall have the right to deduct the amount in RMB or any other currencies in the account opened by Party A in the system of Hebei Rural Credit Cooperative to settle any due debt first, and Party A agrees to bring up no objection.     

7.   
 
  In case that the mailing address or contact information of Party A changes, Party A shall notify Party B in writing immediately and any losses caused by the failure to notify Party B in time shall be assumed by Party A on its own.     

8.   
 
  Deduction of payables     
  Party B shall have the right to deduct an amount in RMB or any other currencies for all payables of Party A under this contract from the account opened by Party A in the system of Hebei Rural Credit Cooperative without notifying Party A in advance.  

9.   
 
  Dispute settlement     
  Any dispute arising during the performance of this contract shall be settled through consultation. If consultation does not work, the following method  1  shall be adopted for settlement:  

1.   
 
  File a lawsuit at the people s court in the place where the domicile of the leading cooperative is located.     

2.   
 
  Submit the case to the arbitration commission in the place where the domicile of the leading cooperative is located for arbitration according to the then valid arbitration rules of the commission at the time of the application of the arbitration. The arbitration award shall be final with binding force upon both parties.     
  During the proceedings of the lawsuit or arbitration, the parts under this contract that is not involved in the dispute shall still be performed.  

10.   
 
  Conditions for the contract to come into effect     
  This contract shall comes into effect upon the signature and official stamp of the legal representative (responsible person) or authorized representative of Party A and the signature and official stamp of the legal representative (responsible person) or authorized representative of Party B.  

11.     
 
  This contract is made in  three  copies.     

12

[seal: illegible]  
     
  Article 11: Statement  

1.   
 
  Party A is well informed of Party B s scope of business and scope of authority.     

2.   
 
  Party A has already read all the terms and conditions of this contract. Party B has already provided corresponding explanation for the terms and conditions under this contract. Party A has been made fully aware of and understood the meaning of the terms and conditions under this contract and corresponding legal consequences.     

3.   
 
  Obligations under this contract signed and performed by Party A are compliant with provisions under laws, administrative regulations, rules and articles of association and internal organization files of Party A and have been approved by internal authorities of Party A and/ or national authorities.     
  [seal: illegible]  
  [seal: Northern Altair] [seal: Stamp of Wei Guohua]  
  Party A (official stamp): _______________________________  
  Legal representative (responsible person) or authorized representative (signature):   [illegible]    
     
  [seal: Wuan Rural Credit Cooperative Co. Ltd.]  
  Party B (official stamp): _______________________________  
  Legal representative (responsible person) or authorized representative (signature):   [illegible]    
     
  [seal: Ci County Rural Credit Cooperative]  
  Party B (official stamp): _______________________________  
  Legal representative (responsible person) or authorized representative (signature):   [illegible]    
     
    October 31, 2013    
     
  13  

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 4
 ex10-34.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.34
 
   ex10-34.htm 

Exhibit 10.34   

No.:  xd201  312194847      

Current Capital Loan Contract       

Lender:  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan Co., Ltd.    
     
  Person in charge:  Guo     Jianxin         Contact person: ___________   
     
  Domicile (address):  No.3, Fuzhong Garden, Fuqiang Street, Cheng'an City      
     
  Postal code: ____________   
     
  Tel.: ___________      Fax: __________      E-mail: _____________   
     
  Borrower:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
     
  Legal representative:  Wei Guohua       Contact person: ____________   
     
  Domicile (address):  North Dongzhuchang Village, Wu'an City       Postal code: _____________   
     
  Tel. ____________      Fax: __________      E-mail: ______________   
     
  The Borrower and the Lender came to an agreement in terms of the Lender issuing loans to the Borrower and hereby signed this Contract through equal negotiation.   
     
   Article 1           Loan purpose    
     
  Loans under this Contract shall be used for the following purpose, and the Borrower shall not use it for other purpose without the written consent from the Lender. The Lender shall be entitled to supervise use of the loan.   
     
  Loan purpose:  Purchases                                                                 
     
   Article 2           Loan amount and term    
     
  2.1 The currency of loan under this Contract is in  CNY , with the amount of (in figures)  RMB   20   million , (in words)  RMB   Tw  enty   Million Only  (the amount in words shall prevail when the amount in words and in figures is different)   
     
  2.2 The loan term under this Contract is  nine   months  from the effective withdrawal date (from the first effective withdrawal date in case of installment withdrawal), and the effective withdrawal date is subject to the IOU.   
     
   Article 3           Interest rate, interests and expenditure    
     
  3.1 Loan interest rate of RMB shall be determined according to Method  (1) :   
     
  (1)      Fixed interest rate, annual interest rate is  9  .0     , the interest rate is unchanged within the validity period of the contract.   
     
  (2)      Floating interest rate shall be determined based on the benchmark interest rate plus the floating range, where the benchmark interest rate ______________ (withdrawal date/effectiveness date of the contract), the benchmark loan interest rate announced by the People's Bank of China equivalent to the corresponding level of the loan term as agreed in Article 2.2. Fluctuation range is (rise/drop) __________ %, and fluctuation shall keep unchanged within the contract period. After the Borrower draws the money, the benchmark interest rate is taken _________ (1/3/6/12) month(s) as one installment. Adjustment shall be made for each installment, and interest shall be calculated in stages. The fixed date of the interest rate of the Instalment II shall be the corresponding date when the withdrawal date reaches the expiration of one installment. In the case that the current month excludes the date corresponding to the withdrawal date, the last day of this month shall be the corresponding date, and other installments shall follow the same way accordingly. In case that the Borrower withdraws the money in several times, it shall be implemented according to current loan interest rate determined on the fixed date for the interest rate of this phrase regardless of withdrawal times within the first installment. And adjustment shall be made in the next phrase at the same time.   
     
  (3)       Other items : _______________________________________________________________   

-2-

3.2 The interest rate of the loan this Contract shall be calculated from the actual withdrawal date and the interest settlement shall be conducted by          (month/quarter/semi-annual). The principal and interest shall be paid off upon expiration of the loan. Wherein, daily interest rate = annual interest rate /360.   
     
  3.3 Overdue penalty interest rate under this Contract shall be determined by an additional      % of the original loan interest rate, and the default interest rate due to misappropriation shall be determined by an additional       % of the original loan interest rate.   
     
  3.4 In the case that loans under this Contract is adopted with the floating interest rate, so adjustment rules of interest rate after the loan is overdue shall be conducted according to the original mode.   
     
  3.5 In that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted monthly, then the expiry date for interest is 20th of every month; in that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted quarterly, then the expiry date for interest is 20th of last month in every quarter; in that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted semi-annually, then the expiry date for interest is June 20 and December 20 of every year;   
     
  3.6 The first interest period is from the date actual withdrawal by the Borrower to the first expiry date for interest; the last interest period is from the next date at the end of the previous interest period to the final repayment date; the remaining interest periods are is from the next date at the end of the previous interest period to the next expiry date for interest.   
     
  3.7  Where the People's Bank of China adjusts the loan interest rate to determine the way, it shall be handled with according to the relevant provisions of the People's Bank of China, and the Borrower shall not further be informed by the Lender.    
     
   Article 4           Loan release and payment    
     
  4.1 The Borrower shall withdraw money from the loan according to the actual demands, in which the first loan must be withdrawn before  December 30, 2013 , and the last loan must be withdrawn before  January 15, 2014 , otherwise the Lender shall be entitled to cancel all or part of the loan  (this article is not applicable to the circular loan).    
     
  4.2 Actual withdrawal date and repayment date shall be subject to date recorded on IOU handled by both parties of the Borrower and Lender. The withdrawal voucher of IOU and loan is an integral part of this Contract, except for the mentioned date, other information in this Contract shall prevail if other recording matters are inconsistent with that in this Contract.  
     
  4.3 The following preconditions must be met when the Borrower draws loan, otherwise the Lender is not obliged to grant any money to the Borrower, unless the Lender agrees to release the loan in advance:   
     
  (1)      In addition to the fiduciary loan, the Borrower has provided a corresponding guarantee and has completed the relevant guarantee procedures as required by the Lender;   
     
  (2)      There is no default under this Contract or under other contracts signed by the Borrower and Lender;   
     
  (3)      The proof for the loan purpose provided shall be consistent with usage as agreed.   
     
  4.4 The written document provided by the Borrower upon the withdrawal to the Lender shall be the original; in the case that the original copy cannot be provided, copies stamped with the Borrower's official seal are allowed with the consent of the Lender.   
     
  4.5 In the case of applying for withdrawal, the Borrower shall submit the withdrawal notice to the Lender at least 5 banking days in advance. The withdrawal notice upon submission shall not be cancelled without written consent of the Lender.   
     
  4.6 After the Borrower meets the precondition of withdrawal or the loan is released in advance with the consent of the Lender, the Lender shall deposit the loan into assigned account of the Borrower. Then it shall be deemed as that the Lender has been released the loan to the Borrower according to this Contract.   

-3-

4.7 The loan over a certain amount or in line with certain conditions in accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements and management requirements of the Lender, the Borrower shall use the entrusted payment mode, and the Lender shall pay the loan to the subject of such loan as agreed in this Contract based on the Borrower's withdrawal application and agency payment. For this purpose, the Borrower shall sign a separate agency payment agreement with the Lender as an appendix to this Contract, and shall open an account at the Lender's or designate a special account to handle the entrusted payment.   
     
   Article 5           Repayment    
     
  5.1 The main sources of fund that the Borrower used to repay principal and interest of the loan under this Contract are from but not limited to:   
     
  (1)       Sales revenue and   Other legal income      
     
  (2)       All available assets    
     
  5.2 The Borrower shall repay the loan under this Contract according to the following method  (1) :   
     
  (1)      The loan shall be repaid at one time once mature.   
     
  (2)      Amortize according to the following repayment plan (another page can be attached if there is more information):   

Planned date of repayment    
 
  Planned repayment amount (RMB 10,000)     

-4-

5.3 In the event that one of the following circumstances occurs to the loan under this Contract, the Borrower shall repay the loan immediately after the corresponding funds are in place, thus leading to the advance repayment, the Borrower shall not pay the compensation:   

5.4  If the Borrower makes advance repayment, he shall pay compensation to the Lender according to ______% of the repayment amount, except for circumstances as agreed in Article 5.3.    
     
  5.5 The Borrower shall repay in full the loan principal and interest and other payables on time as agreed in this Contract. The Borrower, 1 banking day before the repayment date and each expiry date for interest, shall deposit the current loan principal and interest and other payables in the account opened thereby at the Lender's. And the Lender s shall be entitled to actively deduct such payment on the said repayment date or interest settlement date, or require the Borrower to provide cooperation in the related deduction. If the money in the repayment account is insufficient to pay all mature payable of the Borrower, the Lender shall be entitled to decide the liquidation order of repayment.   
     
  5.6 In the case that the Borrower applies for early repayment of all or part of the loan, he shall submit a written application to the Lender before 10 banking days, acquired approval from the Lender, and pay compensation to the Lender in accordance with the standards as stipulated in this Contract.   
     
  5.7 In the event that the Lender agrees to the early repayment, the Borrower shall pay the due loan principal and interest and other payables as agreed in this Contract from the advance repayment date to the early repayment date.   
     
   5.8 The Lender shall be entitled to collect the loan in advance according to Borrower's capital collection condition  .      
     
   5.9 If there is any shortening of the actual loan term caused by the advance repayment by the Borrower or early withdrawal of the loan by the Lender as agreed in this Contract, then the corresponding interest rate level shall not be adjusted and be subject to the original loan interest rate.    
     
   Article 6           Special agreement on the circular loan  (optional clause, this article is     applicable or     inapplicable)   
     
  6.1 Loans under this Contract can be recycled. The loan amount and loan term cited in Article 2 are the borrowing limit and service period of the circular loan; wherein, the limit and the period shall be circulated from the effective date of this Contract.   
     
  6.2 In addition to the interest, the Borrower shall also pay the Lender the commitment fee. Commitment charge shall be paid according to the following way of _________:   
     
  (1)      Based on ___________% of the borrowing limit of circular loan, and payment shall be settled to the Lender at one time when this Contract comes into force.   
     
  (2)      After this Contract comes into force, related payment shall be settled to the Lender in times on 20 th  of each _____ (month/quarter /year), according to the balance between the circular loan amount and withdrawn loan of the Borrower, and _____% annual rate, until the expiration date of service period of circular loan limit.   
     
  (3)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

-5-

6.3 In case that the loan under this Contract can be recycled, then the sum of the loan balance of the Borrower shall not exceed the circulated loan amount at any time within the service period of circular loan limit; the loan term of the Borrower's each withdrawing is from the actual withdrawal date to the agreed repayment date, and date recorded on the IOU shall prevail. The repayment date of any loans shall not exceed the service period of circular loan limit.   
     
  6.4 The loan under this Contract can be used circularly. If the Borrower fails to draw the money for consecutive 3 months since the signing date of this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to cancel the circular loan limit.   
     
   Article 7           Guarantee    
     
  7.1 Besides the fiduciary loan, the Borrower, inters of his fulfillment of the obligation under this Contract, shall provide legal and valid guarantee approved by the Lender. The guarantee contract shall be separately signed.   
     
  7.2 The loan under this Contract is             (fiduciary/guaranteed) loan.   
     
  7.3 If the loan under this Contract is the guaranteed one, then the guarantee mode shall be                           .   
     
  In the event that the related guarantee is maximum guarantee, the corresponding maximum guarantee contract is as follows:   
     
  Name of maximum guarantee contract: _______________      (No.: _____________)   
     
  Guarantor (Pledgor, Mortgager): ______________________________________________   
     
  7.4 In case of damage, devaluation, property right dispute, distrain or attachment of the pledged object which are arising from this Contract, or the Mortgager's disposal of the collateral without authorization, or adverse changes in the financial condition of the Guarantor providing guarantee or other changes not conducive to the Lender's Creditor's rights, then the Borrower shall promptly notify the Lender, and provide separately other guarantees approved by the Lender.   
     
  7.5 In the case that the loan under this Contract has the accounts receivable as the pledge guarantee, and one of the following circumstances happens during the validity period of this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to declare the early maturity of the loan, to require the Borrower to repay promptly part or all of the loan principal and interest immediately, or to seek the legitimate, effective and full-amount additional guarantee acceptable by the Lender:   
     
  (1)      The bad debt rate of the Pledgor of the accounts receivable relative to the accounts receivable of the payer rises for two consecutive months;   
     
  (2)      The expired and un-reclaimed receivables of the Pledgor for the receivables to the Payer takes up more than _______% of the receivables balance of the Payer;   
     
  (3)      The accounts receivable may not be paid on time due to the trade dispute (including but not limited to the dispute about quality, technology and service) or dispute over obligation between the accounts receivable Pledgor and the payer or other third party.   
     
   Article 8           Financial agreement (optional clause, applicable to Article         not applicable to Article        )    
     
  During the validity period of this Contract, the Borrower shall comply with the following agreements on the financial indicators:   

Article 9           Account management    
     
  9.1 The Borrower shall designate the special capital collection account at the Lender for collecting corresponding sales revenue or planned repayment fund. If corresponding sales revenue is settled in the non-cash mode, the Borrower shall ensure to transfer the capital to the capital collection account after receiving the money.   

-6-

9.2 The Lender shall be entitled to supervise the capital collection account, including but not limited to the understanding and supervision of the capital incomings and outgoings of the account, and the Borrower shall offer cooperation. The Borrower shall sign a special account supervision agreement with the Lender upon the request of the Lender.   
     
   Article 10           Representation and warranty    
     
   The Borrower shall make the following statement and guarantee to the Lender to keep valid within the validity period of this Contract.    
     
  10.1 It shall have the legal entity as the Borrower and shall have the qualification and capacity of signing and performing this Contract.   
     
  10.2 All necessary authorizations or approval are obtained upon the signing of this Contract. Signing and performance of the contract shall not violate the provisions of the company's rules and relevant laws and regulations and is not contradicted to other obligations under this Contract.   
     
  10.3 Other debts payable shall be repaid as scheduled without malicious default of bank loan principal and interest.   
     
  10.4 It has sound organizational structure and financial management system, and has no major violation of disciplines in the process of production and management in the most recent year, and its current senior management has no significant adverse records.   
     
  10.5 All the documents and information provided to the Lender are true, accurate, complete and effective, without false records, material omissions or misleading representation.   
     
  10.6 The financial accounting report provided to the Lender is prepared based on the  Chinese Accounting Standard  and reflects the operating conditions and liabilities of the Borrower truthfully, fairly and completely. The financial condition of the Borrower has no major unfavorable changes since the closing date of the latest financial accounting report.   
     
  10.7 Fail to conceal litigation, arbitration or lawsuit involved the Borrower to the Lender.   
     
   Article 11           Commitment by Borrower    
     
  11.1  The loan shall be withdrawn and used according to the period and purpose as agreed in this Contract, and shall not go to the security market, futures market or used for other purposes prohibited or restricted by the relevant laws and regulations, in any form.    
     
  11.2 The loan principal and interest and other payables shall be repaid in accordance with this Contract.   
     
  11.3  The Lender shall inspect and supervise the loan using condition as well as the purpose in the modes of account analysis, voucher checking and field investigation based on the acceptance and actively cooperation. The loan using condition shall be reported periodically according to the requirement of the Lender.    
     
  11.4 It shall accept the credit check from the Lender, provides upon request of the Lender the financial accounting information like balance sheet and income statement and other information reflecting the debt paying ability of the Borrower, and assist and cooperate with the Lender in investigation, understanding and supervision of its production and management and financial position.   
     
   11.5 Dividend and bonus shall not be distributed in any form before the loan principal and interest and other payables under this Contract are paid off without the written consent from the Lender.    
     
   11.6 Merge, discretion, capital reduction, stock right transfer, material assets, assignment of debt, major foreign investment, substantial increase of debt financing and other behaviors that may result in unfavorable influence on the Lender's benefit can proceed only when obtaining the written consent from the Lender in advance or the arrangement for the Creditor's rights of the Lender is satisfactory to the Lender.    

-7-

11.7 When the following situations occur, the Borrower shall timely give notice to the Lender:   
     
  (1)      The modification of articles of association, business scope, registered capital and legal representative;   
     
  (2)      Discontinuation of business, dissolution, liquidation, business suspension for rectification, business license being revoked and revocation or bankruptcy application (applied);   
     
  (3)      Significant economic disputes, lawsuit, arbitration involved or may be involved, or the property is sealed up, distrained or supervised in accordance with the law;   
     
  (4)      The shareholders, directors and the current senior management staff get involved in major cases or economic disputes;   
     
  11.8 It shall disclose to the Lender the relationships of the related parties and the related transactions in a timely, comprehensive and accurate manner.   
     
  11.9 It shall sign for the notices sent by the Lender or served in other forms.   
     
  11.10 The Borrower shall not dispose its own assets by reducing its debt paying ability. Guarantee for not damaging the rights of Lender to the third party.   
     
  11.11 In the event that the loan under this Contract is issued based on the credit, it shall report periodically to the external guarantee to the Lender in a complete, true, accurate manner and sign the account escrow agreement in accordance with the requirements of the Lender. External guarantee may affect the performance of its obligations under this Contract, which must obtain the Lender's written consent.   
     
   11.12 The cost arising from the conclusion and performance of this Contract and the cost paid and to be paid for realizing the Lender's rights under the contract shall be borne, including but not limited to the lawsuit or arbitration fees, property preservation fees, counsel fee, execution fees, valuation fees, auction fee and advertising fees.    
     
  11.13 The liquidation order of the debts under this Contract is prior to the Creditor's debts to its shareholders, and is at least equivalent to other similar debts of the Borrower.   
     
   Article 12           Commitment by Lender    
     
  12.1 Issue the loan to the Borrower according to agreement of this Contract.   
     
  12.2 Except for the non-public data and information privacy provided by the Borrower unless otherwise stipulated by the laws and regulations and agreed by this Contract.   
     
   Article 13           Breach of contract    
     
  13.1 When one of the following situations occurs, it shall constitute the breach of contract of the Borrower:   
     
  (1)      The Borrower fails to pay the loan principal and interest and other payables according to the agreement or perform any other obligations under this Contract or violate the statement, guarantee or commitment under this Contract;   
     
  (2)      Guarantees change against the Lender's Creditor's rights of loans under this Contract, and the Borrower fails to provide a new guarantee recognized by the Lender;   
     
  (3)      The Borrower fails to liquidate other due debts (including declared to become due in advance) or fails to perform or violate other obligations under this Contract, which influence or may influence the performance of the obligation under this Contract;   
     
  (4)      The financial indexes such as profitability, debt paying ability, operation ability and cash flow of the Borrower break through the agreed standard or have deteriorated that have influenced or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   

-8-

(5)      Material adverse changes happen to the Borrower's equity structure, production and management, foreign investment, etc., which have affected or may affect the performance of its obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (6)      The Borrower is or may be involved in major economic disputes, lawsuit, arbitration, the assets are closed down, detained or enforced, put on the record by the judiciary authorities or administrative body for investigation, subject to punitive measures by laws, violate relevant national regulations or policies or influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (7)      The abnormal changing and disappearing of main investor's individual and key management personnel of Borrower or subject to investigation or personal freedom limit of judiciary authorities by laws influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (8)      The Borrower takes advantage of the false contracts with the related parties, takes advantage of the transactions without actual transaction background for arbitrage of cash or credit from the Lender, or takes advantage of the related transactions to escape from the Creditor's rights of the Lender;   
     
  (9)      The Borrower has been or may be in the conditions of discontinuation of business, dissolution, liquidation, business suspension for rectification, business license being revoked, and revocation or bankruptcy application (applied);   
     
  (10)     The liability accidents of Borrower due to the violation of relevant laws and regulation, supervision, regulation or industrial standard have influenced or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (11)     If the loan under this Contract is issued in the credit mode, indexes such as the credit rating, profitability, asset liability ratio, business activities and net cash flow of the Borrower do not conform to the credit loan conditions of the Lender; or the Borrower, without the written consent from the Lender, conducts mortgage/pledge guarantee or provides guarantee to others with own valid operating assets, which influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (12)     There are other circumstances that may cause the Lender's realization of the Creditor's rights under this Contract to be adversely affected.   
     
   13.2 In the case of the breach of contract by the Borrower, the Lender shall be entitled to take one or more of the following measures:    
     
   (1)          Require the Borrower to correct his default behavior within the limit time;    
     
   (2)          Stop issuing loans and other financing payments to the Borrower in accordance with this Contract and other contracts between the Lender and the Borrower, and cancel part or all of the loan and other financing payments not withdrawn by the Borrower;    
     
   (3)        Declare due immediately of the loan and other financing payments not withdrawn under this Contract and other contracts between the Lender and the Borrower, and immediate withdrawal of the outstanding payments;    
     
   (4)        Require the Borrower to compensate for the losses caused by the Lender due to his breach of contract;    
     
   (5)        Other measures specified by the laws and regulations, agreed in this Contract or deemed necessary by the Lender.    
     
  13.3 In the case that the Borrower fails to repay the loan as agreement when it is due (including it is declared to be due immediately), the Lender shall be entitled to collect interest penalty from the date it is overdue as per the penalty interest rate agreed in this Contract. For interest that cannot be paid on time by the Borrower, compound interest shall be calculated and collected according to overdue penalty interest rate.   

-9-

13.4 In the event that the Borrower fails to use the loan for the purposes agreed in this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to collect default interests for the part of loan misappropriated according to the interest penalty agreed in this Contract. And for interests not paid on time during misappropriation period, compound interests shall be calculated and collected according to the penalty interest rate for peculated loan.   
     
  13.5 The Borrower has the aforementioned situations listed in Article 13.3 and 13.4, the penalty interest rate shall take the highest as the standard and not be imposed concurrently.   
     
   13.6 If the Borrower fails to repay the principal and the interest (including interest penalty and compound interest) of the loan or other payables on schedule, then the Lender shall be entitled to announce for the collection through the media.    
     
  13.7 If there is any change of the controlling or controlled relationship between Borrower and his related parties or the related parties of the Lender encounter the other situations (the aforementioned situations in the items of (1) and (2) of Article 13.1 excluded), which has affected or may affect the Borrower to perform his obligations under this Contract, then the Lender shall be entitled to take various measures agreed in this Contract.   
     
   Article 14           Deduction    
     
   14.1 If the Borrower fails to repay the due (including the one declared to be due immediately) debt as agreed in this Contract, then the Lender shall be entitled to deduct the corresponding amount from all local foreign currency accounts that are opened in the Lender or other branches of the Lender by the Lender for the liquidation till the Borrower repays all the loan under this Contract.    
     
   14.2 If the currency of funds deducted is different from that agreed in this Contract, it shall be converted as per the adapted exchange rate available to the Lender on the deduction date.   The interests and other expenses from deduction date and liquidation day     (the day when the Lender converts deducting fund to contractual currency based on management policies of state foreign exchange and actually liquidate debts under this Contract) and the difference incurred due to exchange rate fluctuation in the period shall be borne by the Borrower.    
     
   14.3 If deductions by the Lender are not sufficient to pay off all debts of the Borrower, then the Lender shall be entitled to decide the liquidation order.    
     
   Article 15           Assignment of rights and obligations    
     
  15.1 The Lender shall be entitled to transfer parts or all rights under this Contract to the third party, and the transfer behavior of the Lender is no need to get the approval of the Borrower. Without the written consent from the Lender, the Borrower cannot transfer the rights and obligations under this Contract.   
     
  15.2 The Lender can authorize or entrust other branches to perform the rights and obligations under this Contract according to the operating management need or transfer the loan credit rights under this Contract to other branches for management, and the aforementioned behaviors of Lender are no need to get the approval of the Borrower if the latter agrees. Other branches, undertaking the rights and obligations of the Lender, shall be entitled to exercise all rights under this Contract, make lawsuit, arbitration or an application for compulsory execution to the court for the dispute under this Contract in the name of the relevant institution.   
     
   Article 16           Effectiveness, modification and termination    
     
  16.1 This Contract comes into effect from the signing date till the fully performance date of obligations by the Borrower under this Contract.   
     
  16.2 The modification of this Contract must be agreed by both parties and determined by written forms. The article or agreement altered is a part of this Contract and shall assume the same legal force with this Contract. Besides the part altered, other parts of this Contract remain their validity; and original articles hold the validity before effectiveness of changed part.   
     
  16.3 Any modification or termination of this Contract shall not affect the claim rights to either party. The termination of this Contract shall not infringe the effectiveness of resolution of related disputes.   

-10-

Article 17           The application of laws and the dispute resolution    
     
  The conclusion of this Contract, its validity, interpretation, execution and settlement of disputes shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. All disputes arising from or relevant to this Contract shall be solved through negotiation of both parties or in this Contract agreement mode if fail through negotiation.   
     
   Article 18            Notice    
     
  18.1 All notices under this Contract shall be released in written forms. Unless otherwise stipulated, the addresses specified by both parties in this Contract shall be used for communication and contact. Any change of either party's communication address or other contract ways shall promptly inform the other party in written forms.   
     
  18.2 If any party of this Contract refuse to receive or there are other delivery failure situations, the notifying party can adopt notarization or announcement for delivery.   
     
   Article 19            Other items    
     
  19.1 If the Lender hasn't performed, has partially performed or delayed in performing any rights under this Contract, it shall not be counted as abandonment or alteration of such right or any other rights, and this shall not influence further exertion of such right or other relevant rights.   
     
  19.2 Any invalid or unenforceable term of this Contract shall not affect the validity and enforceability of other terms, and not affect the validity of the whole contract.   
     
  19.3 The Lender, bases on the provisions by the related laws and regulations or the requirements by financial regulatory agency, shall be entitled to provide information related to this Contract and other information of the Borrower to the credit reporting system of the People's Bank of China and other credit information databases established by law, which shall be applied for suitably qualified organizations or individuals' queries and use. The Lender shall also be entitled to check Borrower's related information through the credit reporting system of the People's Bank of China and other credit information databases established by law, in order to ensure the conclusion and performance of this Contract.   
     
  19.4 The " related parties", "Relations of related parties", "Transactions of related parties", "Main individual investors", "Key managers" and other terms mentioned in this Contract have the same meaning with those in  No.36 of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises -- Disclosure of Associated Parties  (C.K. [2006] No. 3) published by the Finance Department and its amendments from time to time.   
     
   19.5 The Lender shall formulate and keep all documents and evidences of the loan under this Contract in line with business rules to constitute effective proof certifying debtor-Creditor relationship of both parties which is binding to the Borrower.    
     
  19.6 In this Contract, matters mentioned in (1) shall include the modification or supplement of the contract; (2) the topic of clause is only for reference, shall not constitute any interpretation for this Contract and has no limit to the content and its scope under the topic.   
     
   Article 20            Dispute settlement    
     
  The way of dispute resolution under this Contract is subject to the following way of          :   
     
  (1)      The dispute is submitted to the _________ arbitration committee for arbitration in _______ (arbitration location) according to the valid arbitration rules when submitting the arbitration application. The arbitral decision decides the final result and has binding on both parties.   
     
  (2)      It shall be solved with the local court of the Lender through lawsuit.   
     
   Article 21            Other items    
     
  21.1 This Contract is in        , the Borrower and the Lender hold          copy respectively with the same legal force.   

-11-

21.2 The following appendixes are considered as the indivisible constituent parts of this Contract in company with other appendixes which are jointly confirmed by both parties, hence, they have the same legal forces with this Contract:   
     
  Appendix 1: Withdrawal Application   
     
  Appendix 2:   
     
  Appendix 3:   
     
   Article 22            Other matters agreed by both parties.    

-12-

Both parties shall acknowledge that:  Both parties have made full consultations for all articles in this Contract. The Lender has asked the Borrower to pay attention to all articles concerning rights and obligations of both parties and understand them completely and accurately, and interpreted and explained related articles upon request of the Borrower. The Borrower carefully reads and fully understands all terms of contract, the understanding of debit and credit parties for the contract terms is completely consistent without objection to the content of this Contract.   
     
   Lender  (official seal): _____________   

Person in charge/authorized agent:  

Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan Co., Ltd. (seal)      

Borrower  (official seal):   

Legal representative/authorized agent:   

Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)   

Date of contract signing: December 19, 2013   

-13-

Appendix 1:   
     
   Withdrawal Application    
     
   Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan Co., Ltd.      
     
  According to the  Current Capital Loan Contract  (hereinafter referred to as the "Loan Contract") signed between us and your bank on  December 19, 2013  with the No. of  xd201  312194847 , we have fully implemented the withdrawal preconditions agreed in the Loan Contract and put forward the following withdrawal application to your bank:   
     
  I. We propose to withdraw the loan with the amount of  RMB  (currency) (in words)  Tw  enty   Million   Only  from your bank on  December 19, 2013 .   
     
  II. The loan term is  9   months , with the maturity date on  August 27, 2014 .   
     
  III. Please transfer the loan to our following special bank account:   
     
  Account name:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
     
  Account No.:  866350100100082672    
     
  Opening bank:  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan    
     
  IV. According to the agreement of the  Loan Contract and Entrusted Payment Agreement,  the loan shall adopt     Entrusted payment by Lender     Independent payment by Borrower.   
     
  Under entrusted payment mode by the Lender, we authorize and entrust your bank to pay the loan after it is transferred to our account to following account of payment object meeting agreed purpose in the contract.   
     
  Account name: ______________________________________   
     
  Account No.: _______________________________________   
     
  Opening bank: ______________________________________   
     
   [If the loan need be paid to several payment objects at the same time, see appendix for list of payment objects and accounts.]    
     
  V. Our Company sincerely confirms the following items to your Bank:   
     
  1. The loan shall be used for the aims agreed in the Loan Contract;   
     
  2. On the issuing date of the application and the withdrawal date, all statements, guarantee and commitment made by us in the Loan Contract are true, accurate, complete and valid.   
     
  3. Up to the issuing date of this application, the production and business as well as the financial credit status of our Company have not occurred any material adverse change.   
     
  4. On the issuing date of the application, there is no breach or breach relevant to the Loan Contract or expected breach event under the Loan Contract, and we shall further confirm that no breach of contract occurs or exist on the withdrawal date.   
     
  5. After the Notice issued, it shall become irrevocable.   

Borrower (Official Seal):   

Legal representative/authorized agent: 

Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)   
  Date:  December 11, 2013      

-14-

Appendix:   
     
   List of Payment Objects and Accounts    
     
   Payments object 1:    
     
  Account name: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Account No.: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Opening bank: _______________________________________________________________   
     
  Payment amount: ____________________________________________________________   
     
   Payments object 2:    
     
  Account name: ____________________________________________________________   
     
  Account No.: _____________________________________________________________   
     
  Opening bank: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Payment amount: ___________________________________________________________   
     
   Payments object 3:    
     
  Account name: _____________________________________________________________   
     
  Account No.: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Opening bank: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Payment amount: ___________________________________________________________   
     
   Payments object 4:    
     
  Account name: ____________________________________________________________   
     
  Account No.: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Opening bank: _______________________________________________________________   
     
  Payment amount: _____________________________________________________________   
     
  Borrower: (Official Seal) ______________________________________   

-15-    

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.36>
 5
 ex10-36.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.36
 
   ex10-36.htm 

Exhibit 10.36   

No.  xd 201409047389   

Current Fund Loan Contract   

Lender:  Bank of Handan, Wu an Branch                 
  Person in charge:  Wang Qingbo                  Contact:                /              
  Domicile (address):  3 Fuzhong Garden, Fuqiang Street, Wu an City    PC:    /         
  Tel:                 /             Fax:                 /              E-mail:              /                
     
  Borrower:  Northern Altair  n  ano Co., Ltd.                 
  Legal representative:  Wei Guohua                Contact:               /            
  Domicile (address):  North of Dongzhuchang Village,   Wu an   Town,   Wu an City             PC:           /            
  Tel:             /           Fax:             /             E-mail:            /              
     
  The Contract is entered into by and between the Lender and the Borrower through negotiation, in the principle of equality, on the matters relating to the Lender s granting of a loan to the Borrower, with terms and conditions as follows:   
     
   Article 1 Loan purpose   
  The loan under the Contract is used for the purpose stipulated below. Without written consent from the Lender, the Borrower shall not misappropriate the loan for other purposes, and the Lender shall have the right to make surveillance over the use of the loan.   
  Loan purpose:  for purchasing goods.                                    
     
   Article 2 Loan amount and term   
   2.1  Loan currency under the Contract shall be  Renminbi ; amount shall be (in figure)  70,000,000 yuan , (in words)  Seventy Million Yuan Only  (In the event of conflict between the figure and the words, the words shall prevail).  
   2.2  Loan term under the Contract shall be  twenty four months , calculating from the date of actual withdrawal (from the date of first withdrawal in the case of withdrawal by installments). The date of actual withdrawal shall be subject to that stated on the certificates of indebtedness.   
     
   Article 3 Interest rate, interest and fees   
   3.1  Renminbi loan interest rate shall be defined pursuant to the following item  (1) :     
   (1)  Fixed interest rate: Monthly interest rate shall be  8.2      , which shall remain unchanged during the validity period of the Contract.   

1

(2)  Floating interest rate: Loan interest shall be fixed at benchmark interest rate plus floating rate. Benchmark interest rate shall be the benchmark loan interest rate quoted by the People s Bank of China on __________ (the date of withdrawal / the date of effectiveness hereof) in correspondence with the loan term stipulated in Article 2.2. Floating rate shall be____ (up / down) ____%, which shall remain unchanged during the validity period of the Contract.   After   the Borrower begins to withdraw the loan, benchmark interest rate shall be adjusted stage by stage and interest shall be calculated on multi-stage basis. Each stage shall include _______ (1 / 3 / 6 / 12) months. The date to determine the interest rate of the second stage shall be   the day corresponding to the withdrawal date after expiration of a stage. Where there is not a day corresponding to the date of withdrawal in the month of adjustment, the last day of the month shall be taken as the corresponding day. This rule shall be applicable to the other stages. Where the Borrower withdraws the loan by several times, the interest rate of the current stage determined on the date of determining the interest rate of the current stage shall be performed and adjustment shall be made simultaneously in the next stage, no matter how many times the loan is withdrawn in the stage.   
   (3) Others:                           /                            
   3.2  For the loan under the Contract, interest shall be calculated daily as from the date of actual withdrawal and shall be settled  monthly  (monthly / quarterly / every half a year). Once the loan is due, interest shall be paid together with the principal. Daily interest rate = annual interest rate / 360.  
   3.3  In the event that the loan is overdue, penalty interest shall be charged at a rate of an extra  50 % of the original interest rate defined herein. In the event that the loan is misappropriated, penalty interest shall be charged at a rate of an extra  100 % of the original interest rate defined herein.  
   3.4  Where floating interest rate is adopted for the loan under the Contract, the interest rate adjustment rules stipulated herein shall be still performed after the loan is overdue.   
   3.5  Where the interest of the loan is settled monthly, the date of interest settlement shall be the 20 th  day of each month; where the interest of the loan is settled quarterly, the date of interest settlement shall be the 20 th  day of last month in each quarter; where the interest of the loan is settled every half a year, the date of interest settlement shall be June 20 and Dec 20 in each year.   
   3.6  The first interest stage shall be from the date of actual withdrawal by the Borrower to the first date of interest settlement; the last interest stage shall be from the next day after expiration of the previous interest period to the final repayment date; the remaining interest stages shall be from the next day after expiration of the previous interest period to the next interest settlement date.   

2

3.7 In the event that   the People s Bank of China   adjusts the methods of determining loan interest rate, relevant regulations of   the People s Bank of China   shall be observed, and   the Lender   will not notify   the Borrower   separately.   
       
   Article 4 Loan granting and payment   
   4.1  The Borrower shall, as per its actual demands, withdraw the loan, in which the first sum shall be withdrawn prior to  September 20, 2014  and the last sum shall be withdrawn prior to  September 30, 2014 , otherwise the Lender shall have the right to revoke all or part of the loan.  (  This   article shall be inapplicable to   revolving   loans.)    
   4.2  The date of actual withdrawal and the date of repayment shall be subject to those stated on the certificates of indebtedness between the Lender and the Borrower. Certificates of indebtedness and loan payment vouchers shall constitute an integral part of the Contract. In the event of any conflict between the items stated on such certificates of indebtedness and vouchers and the Contract, except the dates, the Contract shall prevail.  
   4.3  The following premises shall be satisfied for the Borrower s withdrawal of the loan, otherwise the Lender shall have no duty to grant any loan to the Borrower, unless the Lender agrees to release the loan in advance:  
   (1)  Except for credit loans, the Borrower has provided corresponding collaterals as per the Lender s requirements and has completed relevant guarantee formalities.   
   (2)  There is no default situation under the Contract or under other contracts signed by and between the Lender and the Borrower.  
   (3)  The materials provided to prove loan purposes shall be consistent with the purpose stipulated.   
   4.4  The written documents provided by the Borrower to the Lender at the time of withdrawal shall be original; if originals are unavailable, duplicates thereof, on which the Borrower s official seal is affixed, may be provided after consent is obtained from the Lender.  
   4.5  The Borrower shall submit a withdrawal application to the Lender at least 5 banking days before the Borrower s withdrawal. Once submitted, the withdrawal application shall not be revoked without written consent from the Lender.   
   4.6  After the Borrower has satisfied the premises for withdrawal or the Lender has agreed to release the loan in advance, it is deemed that the Lender has released the loan to the Borrower pursuant to the Contract once the Lender has transferred the loan to the designated account of the Borrower.   

3

4.7  According to relevant regulatory regulations and the Lender s administration requirements, the loans beyond a certain amount or meeting other conditions shall be paid by the Lender, as per the Borrower s withdrawal application and payment entrustment, to the payees satisfying the purpose stipulated in the Contract in the mode of the Lender s payment under entrustment. The Borrower shall sign a payment entrustment agreement separately with the Lender, which constitutes an appendix hereof, and shall open or designate a special account with the Lender for the purpose of payment entrustment matters.   
     
   Article 5 Repayment   
   5.1  Main sources of the money for the Borrower s repayment of the principal and interest of the loan under the Contract shall include but be not limited to the followings:  
   (1)   The Borrower   s sales income and other legal incomes.                 
   (2)   All of t  he Borrower   s own legal properties.                                     
   5.2  The Borrower shall repay the loan under the Contract as per the following mode  (2) :   
   (1)  Repay the loan in one lump sum when it becomes due.   
   (2)  Repay the loan by installments as per the following repayment schedule (additional pages may be added if the blank is not enough):   

5.3 In the event of any of the following situations,   the Borrower   shall repay the loan   under the Contract   immediately after corresponding funds are   available  , and shall pay no compensation for the early repayment caused thereby:   
                                                              /                                               
                                                               /                                                
         5.4 Unless in the situations stipulated in Article 5.3, in the event of early repayment,   the Borrower   shall pay compensation to   the Lender   in the proportion of _____% of the amount repaid early.   

4

5.5  The Borrower shall repay the principal, interest and other dues of the loan in full amount on schedule pursuant to the Contract. The Borrower shall deposit the principal and interest payable and other dues of the current period, in full amount, into the repayment account opened with the Lender one banking day prior to the date of repayment and each date of interest settlement, and the Lender shall have the right to receive initiatively the same on the date of repayment and the date of interest settlement, or to request the Borrower to make cooperation in going through relevant transfer formalities. If the amount in the repayment account is insufficient to pay off all dues of the Borrower, the Lender shall have the right to decide on the liquidation sequence.   
   5.6  Where the Borrower applies for repaying all or part of the loan ahead of schedule, it shall make a written application to the Lender 10 banking days in advance, and shall, after consent is obtained from the Lender, pay compensation to the Lender as per the standards prescribed in the Contract.   
   5.7  In the event that early repayment is approved by the Lender, the Borrower shall, on the date of early repayment, pay off the loan s principal and interest payable and other dues as of the date of early repayment simultaneously pursuant to the Contract.   
   5.8   The Lender     shall have the right to   recover   the loan   ahead of schedule depending on   the Borrower   s capital returning situations.    
   5.9 Where actual loan term is shortened because   the Borrower   makes early repayment or   the Lender   recovers   the loan   ahead of schedule   pursuant   to   the Contract  , corresponding interest rate will not be adjusted and the original rate shall be still performed.   
     
   Article 6 Special provisions on   revolving   loans  (Optional provisions. This article is       applicable       inapplicable.)  
   6.1  The loan under the Contract shall be revolving. The loan amount and loan term mentioned in the preceding Article 2 shall be revolving loan quota and the occupancy term of revolving loan quota, which shall be calculated from the date of effectiveness of the Contract.   
   6.2  Besides the interest, the Borrower shall pay commitment fees to the Lender as well. Commitment fees shall be paid in the following mode _____:  
   (1)       /  % of revolving loan quota, which shall be paid to the Lender in one lump sum on the date of effectiveness of the Contract.   
   (2)  After effectiveness of the Contract, the fees shall be paid to the Lender by installments on the 20 th  day of each ______ (month / quarter / half a year), as per the margin between the revolving loan quota and the amount having been withdrawn by the Borrower ( the daily average balance within the calculating period ) and an annual rate of _____%, until the date of expiration of the occupancy term of revolving loan quota.   

5

(3)  _______________ ________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
   6.3  In the event of the revolving loan under the Contract, during the occupancy term of revolving loan quota, the sum of the Borrower s loan balance at any time shall not exceed the revolving loan quota; and the loan term for the Borrower s each withdrawal shall be from the date of actual withdrawal to the stipulated repayment date, and shall be subject to the statements on the certificates of indebtedness, and the repayment date of any withdrawal shall not go beyond the occupancy term of revolving loan quota.  
   6.4  In the event of the revolving loan under the Contract, if the Borrower makes no withdrawal within 3 consecutive months from the date of execution hereof, the Lender shall have the right to revoke the revolving loan quota.   
     
   Article 7   Guarantee   
   7.1  Except for credit loans, the Borrower shall provide the legal and valid guarantee recognized by the Lender for its performance of obligations under the Contract. Guarantee contracts shall be signed separately.  
   7.2  The loan under the Contract shall be a  guaranteed  (credit / guaranteed) loan.   
   7.3  Where the loan under the Contract is a guaranteed loan, the guarantee mode shall be  land mortgage .  
  Where relevant guarantee is maximal amount guarantee, information on corresponding maximal amount guarantee contract is stated below:  
  Name of maximal amount guarantee contract:            /           (No.:      /      )  
  Surety (pledgor, mortgagor):                /                                    
   7.4  In the event that the collaterals under the Contract are damaged, deteriorated, sealed up or detained or are involved in property right disputes, or the mortgagor disposes of the collaterals without permission, or adverse changes in the financial position of the surety or other changes disadvantageous to the Lender s creditor s rights arise, the Borrower shall inform the Lender promptly and provide other collaterals recognized by the Lender.   

6

7.5  Where accounts receivable are provided as pledge guarantee for the loan under the Contract, the Lender shall have the right to announce early maturity of the loan and to request the Borrower to repay all or part of principal and interest of the loan immediately or supplement full-amount legal and valid guarantee recognized by the Lender in the event of any of the following situations:   
   (1)  The bad debt ratio of accounts receivable, from a payer, of the pledgor of accounts receivable has risen for consecutive two months.   
   (2)  Accounts receivable from a payer, which are due but unrecovered, of the pledgor of accounts receivable occupy more than ____% of the balance of accounts receivable from the payer.   
   (3)  Trade disputes (including but not limited to disputes on quality, techniques and service) or debt disputes arise between the pledgor of accounts receivable and the payer or any third party, and, as a result, the accounts receivable probably cannot be paid on schedule when due.   
     
   Article 8   Financial provisions  (Optional provisions. This article is       applicable       inapplicable.)  
  During the validity period of the Contract, the Borrower shall observe the following stipulations on financial indices:   
                                   /                                      

Article 9 Account management   
   9.1  The Borrower shall designate a special capital returning account opened with the Lender for receiving corresponding sales income or funds planned for repayment. Where corresponding sales income is settled in a non-cash mode, the Borrower shall ensure that the money will be transferred into the capital returning account promptly upon receipt.  
   9.2  The Lender shall have the right to supervise the capital returning account, including but not limited to understanding and supervising the capital incomings and outgoings, and the Borrower shall make cooperation. If requested by the Lender, the Borrower shall sign a special account surveillance agreement with the Lender.  
     
   Article 10   Representations and warranties   
   The Borrower   makes the following   representations and warranties   against   the Lender   and keeps them always valid within the validity   period   of   the Contract  :    
   10.1  Have the subject qualification of a borrower, and have the qualification and capability for signing and performing the Contract.   

7

2.  On the date of submitting the application and the date of withdrawal, all of our statements, representations and warranties made in the Loan Contract remain authentic, accurate, intact and effective.   
   3.  As of the date of submitting the application, no significant adverse change has occurred in our production and operation and financial and credit situations.  
   4.  On the date of submitting the application, no default event or anticipated default event occurs under any loan contracts or in connection with any loan contracts. We further confirm that no default event will occur or exist on the date of withdrawal.   
   5.  The applicant is irrevocable once submitted.   

Borrower (seal):  (Seal of   Northern Altair  n  ano Co., Ltd.  )   
     
  Legal representative / authorized representative:  (signature)   

Date:  September 4, 2014   

8   

</EX-10.36>

<EX-10.37>
 6
 ex10-37.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.37
 
   ex10-37.htm 

Exhibit 10.37   

Loan Contract of Association   
  (Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.)  

Rural Credit Cooperative of Hebei   

Loan Contract of Association   
                             No.  Wu An Lian She Nong Xin Jie Zi (2014) 06802014248114   
     
  Borrower (hereinafter referred to as  Party A ):  Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.    
  Lenders (including major lender and other lenders, hereinafter referred to as  Party B ):  
  Major lender:  Wu an City Rural Credit Cooperative Co., Ltd.                                                          
  Other lender:  Handan Fengfeng Mine Rural Credit Cooperative                                                     
  Other lender:  Daming County Rural Credit Cooperative                                                                   
  Other lender:    ---                                                                                                                                     
  Party B consists of  t  hree  county-level credit cooperatives (including Rural Credit Cooperatives and Agriculture Development Bank). The creditors of Party B, i.e. the members of the association credit cooperatives, authorize  Wu an City Rural Credit Cooperative Co., Ltd.  to be the major lender (agency lender) to perform its duties as an agency. The performance of agency duties by the major lender (agency lender) is legally binding upon the creditors. The creditors shall exercise their rights under the contract through the major lender (agency lender).   
  Party A applies to Party B for granting of loan, and Party B agrees to grant loan to Party A. According to relevant laws, regulations and rules, both parties enter into the contract through negotiation, with the terms and conditions as follows:   
   Article 1  Amount of loan   
  Party A borrows RMB  45,000,000   (SAY     FORTY-FIVE MILLION YUAN ONLY)  from Party B.   
   Article 2  Purpose of loan   
  Party A shall use the loan for  purchase of machines and other equipment . Party A shall not use the loan for any other purpose without written consent of Party B.   
   Article 3  Term of loan  
  As agreed herein, the term of the loan is  36  months, i.e. from  September 5, 2014  to  September   4, 2017   .  
  In case the start date of the term of the loan hereunder is inconsistent with the date on the loan renewal voucher (or receipt for the loan), the actual loan granting date on the loan renewal voucher of the first loan granting shall prevail. The due date of the loan set forth in Paragraph 1 of this article will change accordingly.   
  The loan renewal voucher is an integral part hereof with the same legal force as this contract.  
   Article 4  Loan interest rate, default interest rate, interest accrual and interest settlement   
  I. Loan interest rate  
  The loan interest rate hereunder is on an annual basis and computed according to the  first  method below:  
  1. Fixed interest rate, i.e.  floated upward by   6  0% from 6.15% to   9.84  % , will remain unchanged within the term of the loan.  

1

2. Fixed interest rate, i.e. floated ____ (upward or downward) by        % from the benchmark interest rate on the value date, will remain unchanged within the term of the loan.   
  3. Floating interest rate, i.e. floated ____ (upward or downward) by        % from the benchmark interest rate on the value date, will be adjusted once every         month(s) according to the benchmark interest rate on the date of interest rate adjustment and the upward/downward floating ratio within the period from the value date to the date when all the principal and interest hereunder have been paid off. The date of interest rate adjustment is set to be the corresponding date of the value date in the month of interest rate adjustment. In case there is no such corresponding date of the value date, the last date of that month is set to be the date of interest rate adjustment.  
  II. Default interest rate  
  1. In case Party A fails to use the loan for the purpose mentioned herein, the default interest rate is set by floating the loan interest rate upward by  100 %; in case the loan interest rate is adjusted according to the third scenario of Paragraph 1 of this article, the default interest rate shall be adjusted according to the adjusted loan interest rate and the above-mentioned floating ratio.   
  2. The default interest rate in case of overdue loan repayment hereunder is set by floating the loan interest rate upward by  50 %; in case the loan interest rate is adjusted according to the third scenario of Paragraph 1 of this article, the default interest rate shall be adjusted according to the adjusted loan interest rate and the above-mentioned floating ratio.  
  3. In case both of overdue loan repayment and loan embezzlement occur, the default interest and the compound interest, whichever is higher, shall be collected.   
  III. The value date set forth in this article refers to the date when the first granted loan hereunder is transferred to the account designated by Party A.   
  As for the first granted loan hereunder, the benchmark interest rate refers to the loan interest rate during the same period and in the same category as publicized and implemented by the People s Bank of China on the value date. Thereafter, in case the loan interest rate is adjusted as agreed hereinabove, the benchmark interest rate refers to the loan interest rate during the same period and in the same category as publicized and implemented by the People s Bank of China on the adjustment date. In case the People s Bank of China no longer publicizes the loan interest rate during the same period and in the same category, the benchmark interest rate refers to the loan interest rate during the same period and in the same category as generally accepted by banks on the adjustment date or refers to the usual loan interest rate during the same period and in the same category on the adjustment date, unless otherwise agreed by both parties.   
  IV. The loan interest will be accrued since the date when the loan is transferred to the account designated by Party A. The loan hereunder is calculated on a daily basis (daily interest rate = annual interest rate/360). In case Party A fails to pay the interest on the settlement date hereunder, compound interest will be accrued since the next day thereof.   

2

V. Interest settlement   
  1. The interest for the loan with fixed interest rate will be settled as per the agreed interest rate. The interest for the loan with floating interest rate will be settled as per the interest rate as determined in that interest floating period. In case there are several times of interest rate floating in a single interest settlement period, the interest accrued during these interest floating periods shall be calculated first, and be summed up on the interest settlement date to calculate the interest during the interest settlement period.   
  2. The interest for the loan hereunder shall be settled according to the  second  method below:  
  (1) Monthly interest settlement: the settlement date is set to be the 20th day of every month.  
  (2) Quarterly interest settlement: the settlement date is set to be the 20th day of the last month of every quarter.  
  (3) Other method:                                                    .  
   Article 5  Granting and disbursement of loan  
  I. Prerequisites of granting loan   
  Party B is obliged to grant the loan only if the following prerequisites are being continuously met, unless Party B waives all or part of the prerequisites:   
  1. Party A has completed such legal formalities as approval, registration, delivery and insurance related to the loan hereunder.   

3

(Signing page, no text on this page)  

Party A (Official Seal):  
  Signature of Legal Representative (Leader) or Authorized Agent:  (Signature)   
  Date:                                   

Party A (Official Seal):  
  Signature of Legal Representative (Leader) or Authorized Agent:                          
  Date:                                   

Party A (Official Seal):  
  Signature of Legal Representative (Leader) or Authorized Agent:                          
  Date:                                   

4

Signing page (no text on this page)  

Party B (Official Seal):  
  Signature of Legal Representative or   
  Authorized Agent: (Signature)  
   September 4, 2014    
 
  Party B (Official Seal): (Seal of Handan  
  Fengfeng Mine Rural Credit Cooperative)  
  Signature of Legal Representative or   
  Authorized Agent: (Signature)  
   September 4, 2014         

Party B (Official Seal): (Seal of Daming   
  County Rural Credit Cooperative)  
  Signature of Legal Representative or   
  Authorized Agent: (Signature)  
   September 4, 2014    
 
  Party B (Official Seal):  
  Signature of Legal Representative or   
  Authorized Agent:   
  Date:                                     

5   

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.38>
 7
 ex10-38.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.38
 
   ex10-38.htm 

Exhibit 10.38   

Loan Contract    
     
   No.:    No. SLA2014LN 372     
     
   Borrower:    Altairnano, Inc.     
     
   Business license No.:    14792     
     
   Legal representative/person in charge:    Karen Werner     
     
   Domicile:    3019 Enterprise Dr, Anderson, Indiana 46013, USA           Postal code:    46013     
     
   Financial institution for account opening and account No.:    East West Bank 8003008490     
     
   Tel.:    +1 415.479.4817         Fax:    +1 775.858.3700     

Lender:    Seoul Branch of Bank of China Limited     
     
   Legal representative/person in charge:    Huang De     
     
   Domicile:    1/2F., YOUNGPOONG BLDG., 41, CHEONGGYECHEON-RO, JONCNO-GU. SEOUL. KOREA     

Article 1      Loan Amount    
     
  Loan currency:  USD    
     
  Loan amount:    (In words)  RMB Three Million and Eight Hundred Thousand Only;    
     
  (In figures)  USD 3,800,000.00.    
     
   Article 2      Loan Term    
     
  Loan term: Since the actual withdrawal date to October 8, 2015.   
     
   Article 3      Loan Purpose    
     
  Loan purpose:  Turnover of current capital.    
     
  Without the written consent of the Lender, the Borrower shall not change the loan purpose, including but not limited to that Borrower shall not use the loans for stock and other security investments and for projects forbidden by any laws, rules, regulations and state policies or without the approval in accordance with law, as well as the project and use purposes banning the accessible of bank loans.   

Used for overseas loan under domestic guarantee    

 Page 1 of 10

Article 4      Loan Interest Rate and Interest Calculation and Settlement    
     
  1. Loan interest rate   
     
  The loan interest rate is calculated according to Method ( 2) :   
     
  (1)      Fixed interest rate with the annual interest rate of  / %.   
     
  (2)      Floating interest rate with the floating cycle of  three  months:   
     
  Reset the price every  three  months since the actual withdrawal date. The pricing reset date is the corresponding date of the current month of the actual withdrawal date, if there is no corresponding date in the current month, then the last day of the month shall be the pricing date of the interest rate.   
     
  Each loan interest rate shall be the  LIBOR  plus 250 base points in the latest three months, which is obtained from the Reuters before 9:00 on the actual withdrawal date or the working day (Beijing time) before the pricing reset date.   
     
  2. Interest calculations   
     
  Interest is calculated from the Borrower's actual withdrawal date, according to the actual withdrawal amount and days of the loan.   
     
  Calculation formula of interest: Interest = principal   actual days number  daily interest rate.   
     
  The calculating basis of daily interest rate is 360 days of a year, and the reduction formula is as follows: Daily interest rate = annual interest rate /360.   
     
  3. Ways of interest settlement   
     
  The Borrower shall conduct interest settlement according to Method  (5)  :    
     
  (1)      If the interest is pre-collected, then the interest shall be deducted at the disbursement date.   
     
  (2)      For the interest settled monthly, the 20th of each month is the expiry date for interest, and the 21st is the interest payment date.   
     
  (3)      For the interest settled quarterly, the 20th of each quarter is the expiry date for interest, and the 21st is the interest payment date.   
     
  (4)      If the interest is to be paid in one off in the due day of the loan, the interest shall be paid off with the loan principal together.   
     
  (5)      Make payment of the interest of the current day in every floating cycle; If the current day is not a working day, then postpone the date of interest payment to the next working day. If the last instalment of liquidation day of the loan principal is not the interest payment date, then the last instalment of liquidation day of the loan principal shall be the interest payment date, and the Borrower shall pay off all the interest on that day.   
     
  4. Interest penalty   
     
  (1)      If the Borrower fails to pay the interest and the loan as agreed, as for the overdue amount, it will be collected with interest calculated based on the penalty interest rate from the overdue date until the interest and loan capital are paid off.   

Used for overseas loan under domestic guarantee   

 Page 2 of 10

(2)      If the Borrower fails to use the loan for the contracted purposes, as for the misappropriated amount, it will be collected with the interest calculated based on the penalty interest rate from the misappropriation day until the interest and loan capital are paid off.   
     
  (3)      Calculate and collect the interest penalty and compound interest, in the case of adjustment of loan interest rate agreed in the contract, calculate the penalty interest and compound interest on multi-stage basis since the date of adjustment.   
     
  (4)      Penalty interest rate   
     
  A.      Within the loan term, the penalty interest rate is the loan interest rate agreed in Article 1 adding  50% ;   
     
  B.      After the expiration of the loan term, the penalty interest rate of both fixed interest rate and floating interest rate shall be calculated by 10% of the annual interest rate.   
     
   Article 5      Requirements for Withdrawal    
     
  The Borrower who withdraws shall meet the following conditions:   
     
  1. This Contract, as well as its Appendixes, has already come into force;   
     
  2. The Borrower already provided guarantee as the Lender required, the guarantee is effective and legal approval, registration and documentation procedures are completed;   
     
  3. The Borrower has reserved and prepared Borrower's documents, receipts, seals, staff lists and specimen signatures related to the performance of this Contract to the Lender, and also properly filled out certificates concerned;   
     
  4. Written application and relevant materials shall be submitted to the Lender ___ banking day(s) before the withdrawal date;   
     
  5. The Borrower has already submitted the Lender the resolution paper and certificate of authorization signed by the board of directors or other authorized department which agrees to sign and fulfill this Contract; (This is optional clause, check if the Borrower has already obtained the relevant approval and authorization before signing this Contract.)   
     
  6. Other requirements for withdrawal obliged by laws and agreements reached by both parties;   
     
  7. If the Borrower is in China, the registration of external debt has already been done.   
     
  If the aforementioned requirements for withdrawal cannot be satisfied, the Lender shall be entitled to refuse the withdrawal application of the Borrower, except the agreement of Lender.   
     
   Article 6      Withdrawal Time and Mode    
     
  1. The Borrower shall conduct the withdrawal based on the time and mode in the following Method  (1) :   
     
  (1)      One-time withdrawal of the loan within  1  month after signing the contract.   
     
  (2)      Make withdrawals by installments in    /    months since the contract is signed, if the loan is not withdrawn within the aforementioned time, then it shall be canceled automatically.   

Used for overseas loan under domestic guarantee    

 Page 3 of 10

Article 7      Repayment    
     
  1. The Borrower shall pay back the loan under this Contract based on No.  (1)  repayment plan:   
     
  (1)      Repay all loans under this Contract upon the expiration of the loan term.   
     
  (2)      Repay the loan under this Contract according to the following repayment plans:   

In case the Borrower requires to change the aforementioned repayment plans, the Borrower shall send the Lender a written application  ten  banking days ahead of the expiry date of the loan, and the change of the repayment plans can be available upon the approval of Lender.   
     
  2. If the Borrower fails to pay back the loan principal and interest, the Lender shall be entitled to decide the repayment order: Under the situations of instalment repayment, if there are several due loans or overdue loans under this Contract, then the Lender shall be entitled to decide the liquidation order of certain repayment of the Borrower. If the Borrower and Lender have several overdue payments under the loan contract, the Lender shall be entitled to decide the contract order of each repayment by the Borrower.   
     
  3. If the Borrower plans to perform the advance repayment, the written notice shall be submitted to the Lender ten banking days in advance, and payment shall be made on the day of every floating cycle. If the Borrower fails to make the repayment on the current day of every floating cycle, as for the advance repayment amount, then Lender shall collect the compensation fee by 1% annual interest rate. The amount of advance repayment shall be firstly reimbursed the last due loan with an inverted order.   
     
  Remark: "Compensation fee= the advance repayment amount *   1%/360   (actual due date - date for advance repayment)"   
     
  4. The Borrower repays the loan according to the following method of  (2) .   
     
  (1)      The Borrower shall deposit enough funds in the following bank repayment account no less than    /  banking day(s), before every due day of loan and interest, the Lender shall be entitled to deduct every due loan and interest from the account.   
     
  Repayment account name:  /.       
     
  Account No.:  /.       
     
  (2)      Other repayment methods agreed by both parties:  According to the Lender's written notice, the Borrower shall repay the loan and interest under this Contract directly to the assigned account.    

Used for overseas loan under domestic guarantee    

 Page 4 of 10

Article 8      Guarantee    
     
  1. The guarantee mode for the debt under this Contract is:   
     
  STAND BY L/C with the number of GC0325314000394, issued by Hebei Branch of Bank of China Limited, shall provide full guarantee for the loan and interest under this Contract.   
     
  2. If the Lender deems the happened event that may influence the contract performance capability of the Borrower or Guarantor, or the guarantee contract become invalid, revoked or dissolved, or the financial condition of the Borrower and the Guarantor are deteriorated or get involved in the major lawsuit or arbitration, or their performance is affected due to other reasons, or the Guarantor breaches the guarantee contract or the other contract with the Lender, or the pledged object depreciates, is damaged, lost or sealed up, causing the guarantee value to depreciate or lose, the Lender shall be entitled to require, and the Borrower shall be obliged to provide new guarantee, change the Guarantor to guarantee the debts under this Contract.   
     
  3. If the amount stated in the aforementioned STAND BY L/C changed due to exchange rate fluctuation or other reasons, brings forth the pledge rate more than 96% of this loan in three continuous working days, the Lender shall be entitled to ask the Borrower to guarantee the pledge rate is no more than 96% within three working days by supplementing principal, opening new STAND BY L/C, or prepaying the loan which is over the mortgage rate.   
     
  If the Borrower cannot guarantee the pledge rate less than 96% as the aforementioned requirements, the Lender shall be entitled to announce that this loan is due in advance, the Borrower shall fulfill the obligation of paying the loan and interest within three days after receiving the Lender's written notice.   
     
  (Remarks: in this article " pledge rate = loan principal/collateral (letter of guarantee) value 100%")   
     
   Article 9      Statement and Commitment    
     
  1. The Borrower makes the following statement:   
     
  (1)      The Borrower shall be lawfully registered and of legal existence, and has the full capacity for civil conduct and capacity of signing and performing this Contract;   
     
  (2)      The signing and performance of this Contract are the presentation of Borrower' true intention, who has acquired the legal and valid authorization in accordance with its articles of incorporation or other internal management documents; in addition, any agreement, contract and other legal documents with the binding force on the Borrower shall not be violated: The Borrower has or shall have gained all the relevant permission, approval, recording or register to sign and perform this Contract;   
     
  (3)      All the documents, financial statements, vouchers, and other materials provided by the Borrower to the Lender under this Contract are true, intact, accurate and valid;   
     
  (4)      The background of the transaction that the Borrower applied to the Lender is true, legitimate, and the loan shall not be used for the illegitimate acts such as the money laundry;   
     
  (5)      The Borrower does not conceal events that may impact the financial condition of its own and Guarantor and performance capability to the Lender;   
     
  (6)      Other matters stated by the Borrower:                   /                          .   

Used for overseas loan under domestic guarantee    

 Page 5 of 10

2. The commitment by the Borrower is as the followings:   
     
  (1)      Submit financial statements (including but not limited to annual reports, quarterly reports and monthly reports) and other related documents to the Lender regularly or timely according to the requirements of Lender; Borrower shall guarantee to meet the following financial requirements continuously: /   
     
  (2)      In the case that the Borrower has signed or may sign counter-guarantee agreement or other similar agreements with the Guarantor of this Contract on the guarantee obligations, the agreement shall not impair any rights of the Lender under this Contract;   
     
  (3)      Accept the Lender's credit and loan inspection and supervision, and give enough assistance and cooperation;   
     
  (4)      If any situation happens to the Borrower and Guarantor that may affect their financial and performance capacity, including but not limited to any form of operation mode changing, like separating, merging, joint operation, joint venture with foreign business, cooperation, contract operation, regroup, restructuring of enterprise, shares issuing, etc., reducing the registered capital, large amount of capital or shares transferring, bearing great amount of debt, or setting new heavy debt on the collateral, pledged objects sealed up, dissolution, revocation, (forced to) file for bankruptcy, etc., or involved in big lawsuit or arbitration, or having difficulty to operate or financial conditions deteriorating, or the Borrower violating other contracts, the Borrower shall inform the Lender in time; if the Borrower plans to take any of the aforementioned measures that may affect the debt paying ability, the permission of the Lender shall be obtained in advance;   
     
  (5)      The liquidation sequence of the Borrower repaying debts to the Lender is prior to Borrower's shareholders repaying loans to the Lender and is not second to repaying similar debts to other Creditors;   
     
  (6)      The Borrower shall not distribute the dividend or bonus in any form to the shareholders, when the net profit after tax relevant to fiscal year is zero or negative; or the profit after tax is insufficient to cover the accumulated losses of the past fiscal years; or the profit before tax are not used for the liquidation of the principal, interest and costs that shall be paid by the Borrower within the fiscal year, or the profit before tax is insufficient to pay off the principal, interest and costs of the next period;   
     
  (7)      The Borrower shall not dispose its own assets by reducing its debt paying ability, at the same time, commit that the total amount of external guarantee shall not  \    times higher than his own assets, meanwhile the total amount of external security and the amount of individual security shall not be beyond the limit stipulated in the Articles of Association of his company;   
     
  (8)      Apply for the registration of foreign exchange loan, approval of repayment of principal and interest and other formalities timely with the Administration of Exchange Control;   
     
  (9)      Other matters committed by the Borrower:         /               .   
     
   Article 10      Disclosure of the group internal related transaction where Borrower is located    
     
  The Borrower belongs to group clients identified by the Lender according to  Guidelines for   Risk Management by Commercial Banks for Granting Credit to Group Customer  (hereinafter referred to as  Guidance ) The Borrower shall promptly report to the Lender about the situation of related transactions of over 10% of net assets, including the affiliation relation of each party in transaction, transaction project, nature of transaction, transaction amount or corresponding ratio and pricing policy (including the transaction without amount or with nominal amount).   

Used for overseas loan under domestic guarantee    

 Page 6 of 10

If the Borrower has any of the following situations, the Lender shall be entitled to end the unused loan to the Borrower unilaterally, and take back part or all of the loan capital and interest: Party A shall not use the false contract entered with related parties and discount on or pledge claims such as notes receivable or accounts receivable without actual transaction content to cheat the bank of capital or credit; If there is any major merging, acquisition and reorganization, etc., the Lender may thinks it may affect the safety of the loan; deliberately escape and abolish the Creditor's rights of banks through the related transaction; Other situations of Article 18 in  Guidance .   
     
   Article 11      Breach of Contract and Treatment    
     
  One of the following matters constitutes or is deemed as the breach of contract by the Borrower under this Contract:   
     
  1. If the Borrower fails to fulfill the obligations of payment and liquidation according to this Contract to the Lender;   
     
  2. The Borrower fails to pay the loan capital in the way stipulated under this Contract or use the capital the way stipulated in this Contract;   
     
  3. Borrower's statement in this Contract is not authentic or breaches the commitment made in this Contract;   
     
  4. When the situation specified in the Item (4) of Paragraph 2 under Article 9 in this Contract happens, the Lender thinks it probably affects the financial condition and the Borrower or Guarantor's capability to perform the contract, but the Borrower fails to provide the new guarantee and replace the Guarantor according to this Contract;   
     
  5. Borrower's credit status declines, or its financial indices deteriorates such as profitability, debt paying ability, operation capacity and cash flow, and it breaks through the stipulated indices of this Contract or other financial conventions;   
     
  6. Borrower breaches other contracts among the Lender or other institutions of Bank of China Limited; The breach of contract under the credit granting contract between the Borrower and other financial institutions;   
     
  7. Borrower terminates its business or dissolution, revocation or bankruptcy happened.   
     
  8. The Borrower involves in or may involve in major economic disputes, lawsuit, arbitration, or other property being sealed up, detained or forced to execute, or being investigated or punished by administrative organizations like judiciary authorities, tax and commercial department, already affected or may affect the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  9. The abnormal changing and disappearing of main investor's individual and key management personnel of Borrower or subject to investigation or personal freedom limit of judiciary authorities by laws influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   

Used for overseas loan under domestic guarantee    

 Page 7 of 10

10. The Lender every year (every year since the effective date of this Contract) checks the Borrower's financial condition and contractual capacity, check if there is any situation that may affect the financial situations and contractual capacity of the Borrower or Guarantor;   
     
  11. The assigned capital collection account has a large sum of abnormal capital flow and the Borrower cannot provide explanatory material that could be recognized by the Lender;   
     
  12. The Borrower breaches other conventions on the rights and obligations of the concerned party under t this Contract;   
     
  In the case of the breach of contract specified in the preceding clause, the Lender shall be entitled to take the following measures separately or simultaneously according to the specific situation:   
     
  1. Require the Borrower and Guarantor correct default behavior within the limit time;   
     
  2. Wholly or partly adjust, reduce, terminate or cancel, suspend the credit limit to the Borrower;   
     
  3. All or partially pause, or totally terminate accepting the loan withdrawal of the Borrower under this Contract, or other contracts between the Borrower and the Lender; wholly or partially terminate or cancel, terminate the distribution, payment or handling of the loan which hasn't been issued and the trade finance which has not been settled;   
     
  4. Declare that the whole or part of the outstanding principle and interest of the loan/ trade financing and other payables under this Contract and other contracts between the Borrower and the Lender expire immediately;   
     
  5. Terminate or cancel this Contract, and wholly or partly terminate or cancel other contracts between the Borrower and the Lender;   
     
  6. Require the Borrower to compensate for the losses caused by the Lender due to his breach of contract:   
     
  7. Deduct the amount in the accounts opened by the Borrower in the Lender and other institutions of the Bank of China Limited to repay the whole or part of the debt owed by the Borrower to the Lender under this Contract upon the advanced written notice of the Lender. The undue amount in the account is deemed as due in advance. In the case that the currency of the account is different from the business currency valued by the Lender, duct the money converted according to the applicable foreign exchange rate of the Lender;   
     
  8. Exercise the real rights granted by way of security;   
     
  9. Demand the Guarantor to take guaranty responsibility;   
     
  10. Other necessary and possible measures deemed by the Lender;   
     
   Article 12      Rights Reservation    
     
  If one party fails to exercise this Contract part or all rights, or to require the other party to perform, to bear part or all obligation and responsibility, it does not constitute to the party of the right to give up or of the obligation and responsibility to exempt.   

Used for overseas loan under domestic guarantee    

 Page 8 of 10

If one party to the other party of any tolerance, extension or delay the exercise of the rights under this Contract, it shall not affect its rights according to this Contract and laws and regulations, nor seen as giving up the right.   
     
   Article 13      Modification, Amendment and Termination    
     
  This Contract signed by both parties through consultation can be in written form to change or modify, any alteration or modification shall form an integral part of this Contract.   
     
  In addition to laws, regulations or the parties otherwise agreed, the Contract shall be terminated after a full performance of its rights and obligations under this Contract.   
     
  In addition to laws, regulations or the parties otherwise agreed, the invalidation of any provision under this Contract shall not affect any other terms and conditions of the legal effect.   
     
   Article 14      The application of laws, the dispute resolution    
     
  This Contract is applicable to the laws of the People's Republic of China.   
     
  After validation of this Contract, any dispute concerning the preparation and performing of this Contract or relevant to this Contract shall be resolved by both parties by negotiation, if fails, file the lawsuit to the jurisdictional court.   
     
  During the period of disputes solving, if the disputes does not affect the performance of any other provisions of this Contract, the other terms shall continue to perform.   
     
   Article 15      Expense    
     
  Except reassured by law or agreed by the parties, expenses (including but not limited to lawyer's fee and so on) arising from the signing, performing and disputes solving of this Contract shall be paid by the Borrower. If the tax for the interest is required to be paid due to the Borrower's local tax regulations, the Borrower shall bear all the cost; If tax needs to be paid due to the Lender's local tax regulations, then the Lender shall bear all the cost; the Lender shall bear the stamp tax under this Contract.   
     
   Article 16      Appendix    
     
  The following appendixes are considered as the indivisible constituent parts of this Contract in company with other appendixes which are jointly confirmed by both parties, hence, they have the same legal forces with this Contract.   
     
  1. Withdrawal application;   
     
   Article 17      Other Agreements    
     
  1. Without the written consent from the Lender, the Borrower shall not transfer the following rights and obligations under this Contract to the third party.   
     
  2. The Borrower shall agree that the Lender needs to entrust other institutions of Bank of China Limited to perform the rights and obligations under this Contract, or could allocate the loan business under this Contract to other institutions of Bank of China Limited which takes it over and manage it. Bank of China Limited or other institutions entrusted by the Lender, or Bank of China Limited or other institutions carrying on loan business in this Contract shall be entitled to execute all rights, submit lawsuit to court or arbitration agency or apply for compulsory execution to solve the disputes in the Contract in its own name.   

Used for overseas loan under domestic guarantee    

 Page 9 of 10

3. On condition that does not affect other agreements under this Contract, this Contract is binding to both parties and their respective Successors and Assignee according to law.   
     
  4. Unless otherwise it is agreed, the address specified by both parties in this Contract is the address for communication and contact, in case of changes of the address for communication and contact, both parties promise to promptly notify the other party in written form.   
     
  5. The transaction under this Contract shall be carried out based on individual and independent interest. According to the stipulation of laws and rules and the requirement of supervision, all parties in transaction constitute the related parties or affiliated person of the Lender, all parties shall not utilize the relationship to affect the fairness of the transaction.   
     
  6. The title and business name of this Contract is only for convenience, and shall not be used for explaining of the clause content and the rights and obligations of the parties.   
     
  7. The Lender, bases on the provisions by the related laws and regulations and regulatory agency, shall be entitled to provide information related to this Contract and other information of the Borrower to the credit reporting system of the People's Bank of China and other credit information databases established by law, which shall be applied for suitably qualified organizations or individuals' queries and use based on the laws. The Lender shall also be entitled to check Borrower's related information through the credit reporting system of the People's Bank of China and other credit information databases established by law, in order to ensure the conclusion and performance of this Contract.   
     
  8. If the Lender, due to changes of laws, regulations and regulatory requirements or request from supervision departments, is unable to perform the agreement, or cannot perform in accordance with the agreement, the Lender shall be entitled to terminate or change this Agreement or its single protocols according to changes of laws, regulations and regulatory requirements or request from supervision departments. The Lender shall be exempted from the responsibilities from the termination or change of this Agreement due to the above mentioned reasons which cause the Lender's failure to fulfill or perform in accordance with this Agreement.   
     
   Article 18      Effectiveness of Contract    
     
  This contract shall be effective as of signing the contract by the legal representative/person in charge or other authorized signatory of both parties and affixing the company seals.   
     
  This contract is in  quadruplicate , the lending and borrowing parties shall hold  two  copies respectively, which have the same equal authenticity.   

Borrower:  Altairnano, Inc.    
     
  Authorized signatory:   

October 16, 2014    
 
  Lender: Seoul Branch of Bank of China Limited   
   
  Authorized signatory:   

Seoul Branch of Bank of China Limited (seal)   
   
  October 16, 2014      

Used for overseas loan under domestic guarantee   
  Page 10 of 10      

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.39>
 8
 ex10-39.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.39
 
   ex10-39.htm 

Exhibit 10.39   

Loan Contract of Association   
  (Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.)  

Rural Credit Cooperative of Hebei  

Loan Contract of Association   
                                                                 No.  06802014376089   
     
   Borrower (hereinafter referred to as  Party A ):   Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.    
   Lenders (including major lender and other lenders, hereinafter referred to as  Party B ):   
  Major lender:  Wu an City Rural Credit Cooperative Co., Ltd.                                                                    
  Other lender:  Cixian County Rural Credit Cooperative                                                                                
  Other lender:    ---------                                                                                                                                       
     
  Party B consists of  two  county-level credit cooperatives (including Rural Credit Cooperatives and Agriculture Development Bank). The creditors of Party B, i.e. the members of the association credit cooperatives, authorize  Wu an City Rural Credit Cooperative Co., Ltd.  to be the major lender (agency lender) to perform its duties as an agency. The performance of agency duties by the major lender (agency lender) is legally binding upon the creditors. The creditors shall exercise their rights under the contract through the major lender (agency lender).   
  Party A applies to Party B for granting of loan, and Party B agrees to grant loan to Party A. According to relevant laws, regulations and rules, both parties enter into the contract through negotiation, with the terms and conditions as follows:   
   Article 1  Amount of loan   
  Party A borrows RMB  105 million (SAY ONE HUNDRED AND FIVE MILLION YUAN ONLY)  from Party B.   
   Article 2  Purpose of loan   
  Party A shall use the loan for  purchase of machines and other equipment, as well as the construction of plants, office buildings and ancillary facilities . Party A shall not use the loan for any other purpose without written consent of Party B.   
   Article 3  Term of loan  
  As agreed herein, the term of the loan is  24  months, i.e. from  November 6, 2014  to  November 5, 2016 .  
  In case the start date of the term of the loan hereunder is inconsistent with the date on the loan renewal voucher (or receipt for the loan), the actual loan granting date on the loan renewal voucher of the first loan granting shall prevail. The due date of the loan set forth in Paragraph 1 of this article will change accordingly.   
  The loan renewal voucher is an integral part hereof with the same legal force as this contract.  

1

Article 4  Loan interest rate, default interest rate, interest accrual and interest settlement   
  I. Loan interest rate  
  The loan interest rate hereunder is on an annual basis and computed according to the  first  method below:  
  1. Fixed interest rate, i.e.  floated upward by 100% from 6.15% to 12.3% , will remain unchanged within the term of the loan. In case the benchmark interest rate of the People s Bank of China is adjusted and the benchmark interest rate mentioned herein has to be adjusted accordingly as stipulated in relevant documents, the adjustment shall be made.  
  2. Fixed interest rate, i.e. floated ____ (upward or downward) by         % from the benchmark interest rate on the value date, will remain unchanged within the term of the loan.   
  3. Floating interest rate, i.e. floated ____ (upward or downward) by         % from the benchmark interest rate on the value date, will be adjusted once every          month(s) according to the benchmark interest rate on the date of interest rate adjustment and the upward/downward floating ratio within the period from the value date to the date when all the principal and interest hereunder have been paid off. The date of interest rate adjustment is set to be the corresponding date of the value date in the month of interest rate adjustment. In case there is no such corresponding date of the value date, the last date of that month is set to be the date of interest rate adjustment.  
  II. Default interest rate  
  1. In case Party A fails to use the loan for the purpose mentioned herein, the default interest rate is set by floating the loan interest rate upward by  100 %; in case the loan interest rate is adjusted according to the third scenario of Paragraph 1 of this article, the default interest rate shall be adjusted according to the adjusted loan interest rate and the above-mentioned floating ratio.   
  2. The default interest rate in case of overdue loan repayment hereunder is set by floating the loan interest rate upward by  50 %; in case the loan interest rate is adjusted according to the third scenario of Paragraph 1 of this article, the default interest rate shall be adjusted according to the adjusted loan interest rate and the above-mentioned floating ratio.  
  3. In case both of overdue loan repayment and loan embezzlement occur, the default interest and the compound interest, whichever is higher, shall be collected.   
  III. The value date set forth in this article refers to the date when the first granted loan hereunder is transferred to the account designated by Party A.   
  As for the first granted loan hereunder, the benchmark interest rate refers to the loan interest rate during the same period and in the same category as publicized and implemented by the People s Bank of China on the value date. Thereafter, in case the loan interest rate is adjusted as agreed hereinabove, the benchmark interest rate refers to the loan interest rate during the same period and in the same category as publicized and implemented by the People s Bank of China on the adjustment date. In case the People s Bank of China no longer publicizes the loan interest rate during the same period and in the same category, the benchmark interest rate refers to the loan interest rate during the same period and in the same category as generally accepted by banks on the adjustment date or refers to the usual loan interest rate during the same period and in the same category on the adjustment date, unless otherwise agreed by both parties.   

2

IV. The loan interest will be accrued since the date when the loan is transferred to the account designated by Party A. The loan hereunder is calculated on a daily basis (daily interest rate = annual interest rate/360). In case Party A fails to pay the interest on the settlement date hereunder, compound interest will be accrued since the next day thereof.   
  V. Interest settlement   
  1. The interest for the loan with fixed interest rate will be settled as per the agreed interest rate. The interest for the loan with floating interest rate will be settled as per the interest rate as determined in that interest floating period. In case there are several times of interest rate floating in a single interest settlement period, the interest accrued during these interest floating periods shall be calculated first, and be summed up on the interest settlement date to calculate the interest during the interest settlement period.   
  2. The interest for the loan hereunder shall be settled according to the  second  method below:  
  (1) Monthly interest settlement: the settlement date is set to be the 20th day of every month.  
  (2) Quarterly interest settlement: the settlement date is set to be the 20th day of the last month of every quarter.  
  (3) Other method:                                                        .  
   Article 5  Granting and disbursement of loan  
  I. Prerequisites of granting loan   
  Party B is obliged to grant the loan only if the following prerequisites are being continuously met, unless Party B waives all or part of the prerequisites:   
  1. Party A has completed such legal formalities as approval, registration, delivery and insurance related to the loan hereunder.   
  2. Any guarantee, if required by Party B and specified hereunder, shall remain effective.  
  3. Party A has opened an account for fund withdrawal and repayment as required by Party B.  
  4. Party A has not breached any provision hereunder, and there is no circumstance that might imperil the security of Party B s creditor rights as specified hereunder.  
  5. Laws, regulations, rules or competent authorities do not ban or restrict Party B to grant the loan hereunder.  
  6. Other prerequisites:  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  .  

3

II. Disbursement schedule   
  Disbursement schedule is determined according to the  second  method below:  
  1. Disbursement schedule:  
  (1) Date:                                                Amount:                             ;  
  (2) Date:                                                Amount:                             ;  
  (3) Date:                                                Amount:                             ;  
  (4) Date:                                                Amount:                              .   
  2.  Party A shall disburse the loan in one installment after Party B grants the loan .  
  III. Party A shall disburse the loan as agreed in Paragraph 2, and shall not make earlier or postponed disbursement, or cancel the disbursement, unless agreed by Party B in writing.   
  IV. In case Party A disburses the loan in several installments, the due date of the term of the loan shall still be determined as agreed under Article 3 hereof.  
   Article 6  Repayment  
  I. Repayment principle   
  Party A shall repay the loan hereunder according to the following principle:  
  Party B shall have the right to use Party A s repayment firstly for repaying the expenses that should be borne by Party A but has been paid by Party B, as well as the expenses for Party B to realize its creditor rights; and the balance shall be repaid according to the principle of  Interest repayment before principal, repayment of principal with interest payment .  
  II. Interest payment  
  Party A shall pay the due interest to Party B on the interest settlement date. The first interest payment date is set to be the first interest settlement date after granting the loan. Interest shall be paid off with repayment of principal at the last time of repayment.   
  III. Principal repayment schedule   
  The principal repayment schedule is determined according to the         method below:  
  1. Principal repayment schedule is as follows:  
  (1)  November 5, 2015, RMB 5 million ;   
  (2)  November 5, 2016, RMB 100 million ;  
  (3) Date:                       , RMB               ;  
  (4) Date:                       , RMB               ;  
  (5) Date:                       , RMB               ;  
  2.  The interest is settled on a quarterly basis, and the principal will be repaid as scheduled .   
  IV. Repayment method  
  Party A shall deposit the fund enough for current due payable in the account opened by Party B prior to the repayment date as agreed hereunder, and make the repayment by transfer (Party B is also eligible to withdraw the fund from the account for loan repayment); or Party A s fund in other account shall be transferred for loan repayment on the repayment date as agreed hereunder.  

4

V. Advance repayment   
  In case Party A intends to repay the principal in advance, it shall apply to Party B before  10  business days. Part or all of the principal may be repaid in advance upon approval by Party B.  
  In case Party A repays the loan in several installments and intends to repay partial loan principal in advance, the repayment shall be made in the order inverse to the repayment schedule. After advance repayment, the outstanding loan shall still be subject to the loan interest rate as agreed hereunder.  
   Article 7  Rights and obligations of Party A  
  I. Rights of Party A  
  1. Eligible to ask Party B to grant loan as agreed hereunder;  
  2. Eligible to use the loan for the purpose as agreed hereunder;  
  3. When the conditions specified by Party B are met, eligible to apply to Party B for loan extension;   
  4. Eligible to ask Party B to keep confidential the relevant financial data and the business secrets related to production and operations of Party A, unless there are provisions in laws, regulations and rules otherwise, other requirements by competent authorities or other agreements between both parties;  
  5. Eligible to refuse Party B and its staff to ask for bribe, and eligible to report to relevant authorities the above misconduct or Party B s violation of national laws and regulations related to credit interest rate, service fee and so on.  
  II. Obligations of Party A  
  1. Disburse loan and fully repay the principal and interest of the loan as agreed hereunder, and bear all the expenses as agreed hereunder;  
  2. As required by Party B, provide to Party B relevant financial data and the data reflecting its production and operations, including but not limited to, the Balance Sheet and the Income Statement (Income and Expense Statement for public institution) as of the end of the last quarter within    15   business days of the first month of every quarter, and the Annual Cash Flow Statement at the end of the current year; be responsible for the authenticity, completeness and validity of the data provided, providing no false data and not concealing material operational and financial facts;  
  3. In case there is any change in Party A s name, legal representative (leader), address, business scope, registered capital or Articles of Association, etc, the change shall be notified in writing to Party B within    10   business days following the change and relevant documents after the change shall be attached;   

5

4. Party A shall use the loan for the purpose as agreed hereunder, and shall not divert or embezzle the loan, nor use the loan from rural credit cooperative for any illegal transactions, and shall cooperate with Party B and accept Party B s inspection and supervision on its production, operations, financial activities, and the utilization of the loan hereunder; shall not surreptitiously withdraw fund, transfer asset or take advantage of related transaction to evade its debtor obligation to Party B; shall not take advantage of false contract between it and its related party as well as such creditor rights as note receivable and account receivable without actual trade backdrop to fraudulently obtain bank fund or credit line by bank discount or pledge;  
  5. In case Party A uses the loan hereunder in production and construction, it shall abide by national provisions related to environmental protection;   
  6. Prior to paying off the principal and interest of the loan from Party B, Party A shall not provide guarantee for a third party using the asset deriving from the loan hereunder without Party B s approval;   
  7. If Party A is a group client, it shall timely report to Party B its related transactions amounting to more than 10% of Party A s net assets, and the details to be reported include: (1) correlations between related parties; (2) items and nature of transactions; (3) amount or corresponding ratio of the transactions; (4) pricing policy (including zero amount transaction or transaction with symbolic amount);  
  8. If the loan to be granted hereunder belongs to fixed asset loan or project-financing loan, Party A shall make sure that the project to be built has been approved by relevant government authorities, is not related to illegal practice, and the capital fund or other funds that should have been raised are in place according to specified deadline and ratio, and that the project progresses as scheduled.   
   Article 8  Rights and obligations of Party B  
  I. Party B is eligible to ask Party A to repay the principal, interest and expenses as scheduled, to exercise other rights as agreed hereunder, and to ask Party A to fulfill its other obligations hereunder;  
  II. Party B shall grant the loan as agreed hereunder, unless the loan granting is postponed owing to Party A s reason or other reason not blaming on Party B;   
  III. Party B shall keep confidential the relevant financial data and the business secrets related to production and operations of Party A, unless there are provisions in laws, regulations and rules otherwise, other requirements by competent authorities or other agreements between both parties;  

6

4. Any of the prerequisites of granting the loan as agreed hereunder has not been met all the time;  
  5. In case the guarantor has any of the following cases that might imperil the security of the creditor rights hereunder as believed by Party B:  
  (1) Violation of any agreement herein, or any deceiving, fault or omission in statement or commitment;  
  (2) Contracting, trusteeship (taking over), leasing, shareholding reform, reducing registered capital, investment, joint operation, merging, acquisition and reorganization, separation, application for business suspending for internal rectification as a result of joint venture, application for dissociation, being revoked; being asked to apply for bankruptcy, change in controlling shareholder/actual controller, transfer of material asset, production halt or business closing, huge penalty imposed by competent authority, cancellation of registration, business license revoking, involvement in major legal dispute, serious difficulty in production and operation or worsened financial status, failure of legal representative or leader to normally perform duties that might affect the capacity of the guarantor to undertake the guarantee;  
  (3) Other circumstances that lead to or might lead to loss of guarantee capacity.  
  6. There is any of the following cases related to mortgage or pledge that might imperil the security of the creditor rights hereunder as believed by Party B:  
  (1) Destruction, damage, loss, value reduction of the mortgaged or pledged property caused by the practice of a third party, confiscation, expropriation, reclaiming without compensation, relocation by government, change in market condition or any other reason;   
  (2) The mortgaged or pledged property is sealed up, distrained, frozen, deducted, held in custody, auctioned, or monitored by administrative authority; or there is any dispute in ownership;  
  (3) Violation of any agreement in mortgage contract or pledge contract by the mortgagor or pledgor, or any deceiving, fault or omission in statement or commitment;  
  (4) Other circumstances that might imperil the fulfillment of Party B s mortgage right or pledge right.  
  7. Invalid, ineffective, revoked, cancelled guarantee; the guarantor breaches contract or affirmatively expresses or expresses by action that it will not fulfill its guarantee responsibilities; or the guarantor has lost its guarantee capacity partially or entirely, or reduction in the value of collateral or other circumstances that might imperil the security of Party B s creditor rights hereunder as believed by Party B.  
    8. Other circumstances that might imperil the security of Party B s creditor rights hereunder as believed by Party B.  

IV. Party B s remedial measures   
  In any of the cases as specified in Paragraph 2 or 3 of this article, Party B is eligible to exercise one or more of the following rights:  
  1. Stop granting the loan;   
  2. Declare that the loan is due right now, and ask Party A to immediately repay all the due and undue principal, interest and expenses related to the debt hereunder;   
  3. In case Party A fails to disburse loan as agreed hereunder, Party B is eligible to ask Party A to pay the penal sum amounting to  100%  of the amount that has not been disbursed as agreed, and eligible to refuse Party A to disburse the undisbursed fund hereunder;   
  4. In case Party A fails to use the loan for the purpose as agreed herein, the part embezzled by Party A shall be subject to the ordinary interest and compound interest accrued from the start date of using the loan not as agreed hereunder to the date when all the principal and interest have been paid off according to the default interest rate and the interest settlement method as agreed hereunder.   
  5. Any overdue repayment of Party A including principal and interest (premature principal and interest of all or part of the loan as declared by Party B inclusive) shall be subject to the ordinary interest and compound interest accrued from the overdue date to the date when all the principal and interest have been paid off according to the default interest rate and the interest settlement method as agreed hereunder. Overdue repayment refers to the practice of Party A failing to repay the loan as scheduled or within the installment repaying period as agreed hereunder.  
  Before the loan is due, the interest that Party A has not paid off as scheduled shall be subject to the compound interest accrued according to the loan interest rate and interest settlement method as agreed hereunder.  
  6. Other remedial measures, including but not limited to:  
  (1) Withdraw corresponding fund in RMB or other currency from the account of Party A opened at Rural Credit Cooperative of Hebei without advance notification;   
  (2) Exercise the guarantee rights;   
  (3) Ask Party A to provide new guarantee for all the debts hereunder according to the requirement of Party B;  
  (4) Cancel this contract.  
   Article 10  Miscellaneous   
  1. Bearing expenses   
  All the expenses incurred from the lawyer services, insurance, valuation, registration, custody, appraisal, and notarization related to this contract and the guarantee hereunder shall be borne by Party A, unless otherwise agreed by both parties.   

8

All the expenses of Party B for realizing its creditor rights (including but not limited to legal cost, arbitration fee, property preservation fee, travel expense, execution fee, valuation fee, auction fee, notarization fee, delivery fee, announcement fee and lawyer fee, etc) shall be borne by Party A.   
  II. Utilization of Party A s information   
  Party A agrees that Party B may enquire Party A s credit status through the credit database created upon approval by the People s Bank of China and competent credit investigation authority, or through relevant unit or department, and agrees that Party B may provide Party A s information to the credit database created upon approval by the People s Bank of China and competent credit investigation authority. Party A also agrees that Party B may reasonably use and disclose Party A s information according to business requirements.  
  III. Urging collection by announcement   
  In case Party A is in arrears with the principal or interest of the loan or has other violations, Party B is eligible to report this to relevant department or unit, and urge collection by announcement via news media.   
  IV. Evidentiary effect of Party B s records   
  Unless there is credible and doubtless evidence to the contrary, Party B s in-house financial records related to principal, interest, expenses and repayment, the notes and documents made or maintained by Party B in the process of such businesses as withdrawal, repayment, interest payment by Party A, as well as the records and documents related to Party B s urging collection of the loan, all are the doubtless evidences that can validly prove the debtor-creditor relation between Party A and Party B. Party A shall not raise any objection in that Party B makes or maintains the above records, notes or documents.   
  V. Reservation of rights  
  The rights of Party B hereunder shall not affect and exclude any rights it enjoys according to laws, regulations and other contracts. Any tolerance or preference for any violation of the contract or any delay, or delay to exercise any rights hereunder shall not be deemed as the waiver of any right and interest hereunder, or as permission or acceptance for any violation of the contract; shall not restrict, inhibit or obstruct Party B to continue to exercise such right or any other right, and shall not cause Party B to assume obligation and responsibility for Party A for that reason.   
  VI. In case Party A is liable to Party B for other due debt in addition to the debt hereunder, Party B is eligible to withdraw corresponding fund in RMB or other currency from the account of Party A opened at Rural Credit Cooperative of Hebei to repay any due debt first, and Party A agrees not to raise any objection.   

9

VII. Any change in Party A s mailing address or contact information shall be promptly informed to Party B in writing, and any loss incurred from late notification shall be borne by Party A itself.   
  VIII. Withdrawal of payables   
  Party B is eligible to withdraw all the payables of Party A hereunder in RMB or other currency from the account of Party A opened at Rural Credit Cooperative of Hebei without advance notification to Party A.  
  IX. Settlement method of disputes   
  Any disputes occurring in the process of performing the contract may be settled through negotiation. If failed, the disputes shall be settled according to the  first  method as follows:  
  1. File a lawsuit to the people s court in the locality of the major lender.   
  2. Submit the disputes to the arbitration committee in the locality of the major lender for arbitration according to the arbitration rules of the committee prevailing when applying for the arbitration. The arbitration award is final and binding on both parties.   
  The clauses herein irrelative to the disputes shall survive during such lawsuit or arbitration.   
  X. Conditions of effectiveness of the contract   
  The contract shall take effect once legal representatives (leaders) or authorized agents of Party A and Party B sign and affix seals on it.   
  XI. The contract is made in  triplicate .   
  XII. Other agreed items:  
  1.                                                                                   ;  
  2.                                                                                   ;  
   Article 11  Recital clauses   
  I. Party A has known clearly Party B s business scope and authorized powers.  
  II. Party A has read all the clauses herein. As required by Party A, Party B has explained relevant clauses herein. Party A has fully understood the meanings and legal consequences related to the clauses herein.   
  III. Signing and fulfilling the obligations hereunder by Party A complies with laws, administrative regulations, rules, and Party A s Articles of Association or its in-house documents, and has been approved by Party A s in-house competent authority and/or national competent authority.   
     
  Party A (Official Seal):  (Seal of Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.)                                                         
  Signature of Legal Representative (Leader) or Authorized Agent:  (Signet) (Signature)                 
     
  Party B (Official Seal):  (Seal of Wu an City Rural Credit Cooperative Co., Ltd.)                              
  Signature of Legal Representative or Authorized Agent:  (Signature)                                               
     
  Party B (Official Seal):  (Seal of Cixian County Rural Credit Cooperative)                                          
  Signature of Legal Representative or Authorized Agent:  (Signature)                                               
     
     November 6, 2014   

10   

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.40>
 9
 ex10-40.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.40
 
   ex10-40.htm 

Exhibit 10.40   
     
  No.: xd201509241429  

Current Capital Loan Contract    

Lender:  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan Co., Ltd.    
     
  Person in charge:  Wang Qingbo      Contact person: ___________   
     
  Domicile (address):  Intersection of Kuangjian Road and Guangming Street in Wu'an City         
           Postal code: ____________   
     
  Tel.: ___________      Fax: __________      E-mail: _____________   
     
  Borrower:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
     
  Legal representative:  Wei Guohua      Contact person: ____________   
     
  Domicile (address): Dongzhuchang Village, Wu'an City      Postal code: _____________   
     
  Tel. ____________      Fax: __________      E-mail: ______________   
     
  The Borrower and the Lender came to an agreement in terms of the Lender issuing loans to the Borrower and hereby signed this Contract through equal negotiation.   
     
   Article 1           Loan purpose    
     
  Loans under this Contract shall be used for the following purpose, and the Borrower shall not use it for other purpose without the written consent from the Lender. The Lender shall be entitled to supervise use of the loan.   
     
  Loan purpose:  Purchases                                                                     
     
   Article 2           Loan amount and term    
     
  2.1 The currency of loan under this Contract is in  RMB , with the amount of (in figures)  RMB   1  30,000,000 , (in words)  RMB   One   Hundred   and   Thirty Million Only    (the amount in words shall prevail when the amount in words and in figures is different)   
     
  2.2 The loan term under this Contract is  12   months  from the effective withdrawal date (from the first effective withdrawal date in case of installment withdrawal), and the effective withdrawal date is subject to the IOU.   
     
   Article 3           Interest rate, interests and expenditure    
     
  3.1 Loan interest rate of RMB shall be determined according to Method  (1) :   
     
  (1)      Fixed interest rate, annual interest rate is  5.83    , the interest rate is unchanged within the validity period of the contract.   
     
  (2)      Floating interest rate shall be determined based on the benchmark interest rate plus the floating range, where the benchmark interest rate ______________ (withdrawal date/effectiveness date of the contract), the benchmark loan interest rate announced by the People's Bank of China equivalent to the corresponding level of the loan term as agreed in Article 2.2. Fluctuation range is (rise/drop) __________ %, and fluctuation shall keep unchanged within the contract period. After the Borrower draws the money, the benchmark interest rate is taken _________(1/3/6/12) month(s) as one installment. Adjustment shall be made for each installment, and interest shall be calculated in stages. The fixed date of the interest rate of the Instalment II shall be the corresponding date when the withdrawal date reaches the expiration of one installment. In the case that the current month excludes the date corresponding to the withdrawal date, the last day of this month shall be the corresponding date, and other installments shall follow the same way accordingly. In case that the Borrower withdraws the money in several times, it shall be implemented according to current loan interest rate determined on the fixed date for the interest rate of this phrase regardless of withdrawal times within the first installment. And adjustment shall be made in the next phrase at the same time.   

-2-

(3)       Other items : ______________________________________________________________________________________________________ _____________________________________ 
     
  3.2 The interest rate of the loan this Contract shall be calculated from the actual withdrawal date and the interest settlement shall be conducted by  month    (month/quarter/semi-annual). The principal and interest shall be paid off upon expiration of the loan. Wherein, daily interest rate = annual interest rate /360.   
     
  3.3 Overdue penalty interest rate under this Contract shall be determined by an additional  50 % of the original loan interest rate, and the default interest rate due to misappropriation shall be determined by an additional  100 % of the original loan interest rate.   
     
  3.4 In the case that loans under this Contract is adopted with the floating interest rate, so adjustment rules of interest rate after the loan is overdue shall be conducted according to the original mode.   
     
  3.5 In that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted monthly, then the expiry date for interest is 20th of every month; in that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted quarterly, then the expiry date for interest is 20th of last month in every quarter; in that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted semi-annually, then the expiry date for interest is June 20 and December 20 of every year;   
     
  3.6 The first interest period is from the date actual withdrawal by the Borrower to the first expiry date for interest; the last interest period is from the next date at the end of the previous interest period to the final repayment date; the remaining interest periods are is from the next date at the end of the previous interest period to the next expiry date for interest.   
     
  3.7 Where the People's Bank of China adjusts the loan interest rate to determine the way, it shall be handled with according to the relevant provisions of the People's Bank of China, and the Borrower shall not further be informed by the Lender.   
     
   Article 4           Loan release and payment    
     
  4.1 The Borrower shall withdraw money from the loan according to the actual demands, in which the first loan must be withdrawn before  October   2  0, 201  5 , and the last loan must be withdrawn before  October   3  0, 201  5 , otherwise the Lender shall be entitled to cancel all or part of the loan  (this article is not applicable to the circular loan).    
     
  4.2 Actual withdrawal date and repayment date shall be subject to date recorded on IOU handled by both parties of the Borrower and Lender. The withdrawal voucher of IOU and loan is an integral part of this Contract, except for the mentioned date, other information in this Contract shall prevail if other recording matters are inconsistent with that in this Contract.  
     
  4.3 The following preconditions must be met when the Borrower draws loan, otherwise the Lender is not obliged to grant any money to the Borrower, unless the Lender agrees to release the loan in advance:   
     
  (1)      In addition to the fiduciary loan, the Borrower has provided a corresponding guarantee and has completed the relevant guarantee procedures as required by the Lender;   
     
  (2)      There is no default under this Contract or under other contracts signed by the Borrower and Lender;   
     
  (3)      The proof for the loan purpose provided shall be consistent with usage as agreed.   
     
  4.4 The written document provided by the Borrower upon the withdrawal to the Lender shall be the original; in the case that the original copy cannot be provided, copies stamped with the Borrower's official seal are allowed with the consent of the Lender.   
     
  4.5 In the case of applying for withdrawal, the Borrower shall submit the withdrawal notice to the Lender at least 5 banking days in advance. The withdrawal notice upon submission shall not be cancelled without written consent of the Lender.   
     
  4.6 After the Borrower meets the precondition of withdrawal or the loan is released in advance with the consent of the Lender, the Lender shall deposit the loan into assigned account of the Borrower. Then it shall be deemed as that the Lender has been released the loan to the Borrower according to this Contract.   

-3-

4.7 The loan over a certain amount or in line with certain conditions in accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements and management requirements of the Lender, the Borrower shall use the entrusted payment mode, and the Lender shall pay the loan to the subject of such loan as agreed in this Contract based on the Borrower's withdrawal application and agency payment. For this purpose, the Borrower shall sign a separate agency payment agreement with the Lender as an appendix to this Contract, and shall open an account at the Lender's or designate a special account to handle the entrusted payment.   
     
   Article 5         Repayment    
     
  5.1 The main sources of fund that the Borrower used to repay principal and interest of the loan under this Contract are from but not limited to:   
     
  (1)       Sales revenue and profit    
     
  (2)       All available assets    
     
  5.2 The Borrower shall repay the loan under this Contract according to the following method  (1) :   
     
  (1)      The loan shall be repaid at one time once mature.   
     
  (2)      Amortize according to the following repayment plan (another page can be attached if there is more information):   

Planned date of repayment    
 
  Planned repayment amount (RMB 10,000)     

Blank below    

-4-

5.3 In the event that one of the following circumstances occurs to the loan under this Contract, the Borrower shall repay the loan immediately after the corresponding funds are in place, thus leading to the advance repayment, the Borrower shall not pay the compensation:   
     
  ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  
 ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
     
   5.4     If the Borrower makes advance repayment, he shall pay compensation to the Lender according to ______% of the repayment amount, except for circumstances as agreed in Article 5.3.    
     
  5.5 The Borrower shall repay in full the loan principal and interest and other payables on time as agreed in this Contract. The Borrower, 1 banking day before the repayment date and each expiry date for interest, shall deposit the current loan principal and interest and other payables in the account opened thereby at the Lender's. And the Lender s shall be entitled to actively deduct such payment on the said repayment date or interest settlement date, or require the Borrower to provide cooperation in the related deduction. If the money in the repayment account is insufficient to pay all mature payable of the Borrower, the Lender shall be entitled to decide the liquidation order of repayment.   
     
  5.6 In the case that the Borrower applies for early repayment of all or part of the loan, he shall submit a written application to the Lender before 10 banking days, acquired approval from the Lender, and pay compensation to the Lender in accordance with the standards as stipulated in this Contract.   
     
  5.7 In the event that the Lender agrees to the early repayment, the Borrower shall pay the due loan principal and interest and other payables as agreed in this Contract from the advance repayment date to the early repayment date.   
     
   5.8 The Lender shall be entitled to collect the loan in advance according to Borrower's capital collection condition  .   
     
   5.9 If there is any shortening of the actual loan term caused by the advance repayment by the Borrower or early withdrawal of the loan by the Lender as agreed in this Contract, then the corresponding interest rate level shall not be adjusted and be subject to the original loan interest rate.    
     
   Article 6           Special agreement on the circular loan  (optional clause, this article is    applicable or      inapplicable)   
     
  6.1 Loans under this Contract can be recycled. The loan amount and loan term cited in Article 2 are the borrowing limit and service period of the circular loan; wherein, the limit and the period shall be circulated from the effective date of this Contract.   
     
  6.2 In addition to the interest, the Borrower shall also pay the Lender the commitment fee. Commitment charge shall be paid according to the following way of _________:   
     
  (1)      Based on ___________% of the borrowing limit of circular loan, and payment shall be settled to the Lender at one time when this Contract comes into force.   
     
  (2)      After this Contract comes into force, related payment shall be settled to the Lender in times on 20 th  of each _____ (month/quarter /year), according to the balance between the circular loan amount and withdrawn loan of the Borrower, and _____% annual rate, until the expiration date of service period of circular loan limit.   
     
  (3)     _________________________________________________________________________  

-5-

6.3 In case that the loan under this Contract can be recycled, then the sum of the loan balance of the Borrower shall not exceed the circulated loan amount at any time within the service period of circular loan limit; the loan term of the Borrower's each withdrawing is from the actual withdrawal date to the agreed repayment date, and date recorded on the IOU shall prevail. The repayment date of any loans shall not exceed the service period of circular loan limit.   
     
  6.4 The loan under this Contract can be used circularly. If the Borrower fails to draw the money for consecutive 3 months since the signing date of this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to cancel the circular loan limit.   
     
   Article 7        Guarantee    
     
  7.1 Besides the fiduciary loan, the Borrower, inters of his fulfillment of the obligation under this Contract, shall provide legal and valid guarantee approved by the Lender. The guarantee contract shall be separately signed.   
     
  7.2 The loan under this Contract is  guaranteed  (fiduciary/guaranteed) loan.   
     
  7.3 If the loan under this Contract is the guaranteed one, then the guarantee mode shall be  the joint liability guaranty .  
     
  In the event that the related guarantee is maximum guarantee, the corresponding maximum guarantee contract is as follows:   
     
  Name of maximum guarantee contract: _______________ (No.: _____________)  
     
  Guarantor (Pledgor, Mortgager): ______________________________________________   
     
  7.4 In case of damage, devaluation, property right dispute, distrain or attachment of the pledged object which are arising from this Contract, or the Mortgager's disposal of the collateral without authorization, or adverse changes in the financial condition of the Guarantor providing guarantee or other changes not conducive to the Lender's Creditor's rights, then the Borrower shall promptly notify the Lender, and provide separately other guarantees approved by the Lender.   
     
  7.5 In the case that the loan under this Contract has the accounts receivable as the pledge guarantee, and one of the following circumstances happens during the validity period of this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to declare the early maturity of the loan, to require the Borrower to repay promptly part or all of the loan principal and interest immediately, or to seek the legitimate, effective and full-amount additional guarantee acceptable by the Lender:   
     
  (1)      The bad debt rate of the Pledgor of the accounts receivable relative to the accounts receivable of the payer rises for two consecutive months;   
     
  (2)      The expired and un-reclaimed receivables of the Pledgor for the receivables to the Payer takes up more than _______% of the receivables balance of the Payer;   
     
  (3)      The accounts receivable may not be paid on time due to the trade dispute (including but not limited to the dispute about quality, technology and service) or dispute over obligation between the accounts receivable Pledgor and the payer or other third party.   
     
   Article 8        Financial agreement (optional clause, applicable to Article         not applicable to Article        )    
     
  During the validity period of this Contract, the Borrower shall comply with the following agreements on the financial indicators:     
  ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  
  ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  
     
   Article 9        Account management    
     
  9.1 The Borrower shall designate the special capital collection account at the Lender for collecting corresponding sales revenue or planned repayment fund. If corresponding sales revenue is settled in the non-cash mode, the Borrower shall ensure to transfer the capital to the capital collection account after receiving the money.   

-6-

9.2 The Lender shall be entitled to supervise the capital collection account, including but not limited to the understanding and supervision of the capital incomings and outgoings of the account, and the Borrower shall offer cooperation. The Borrower shall sign a special account supervision agreement with the Lender upon the request of the Lender.   
     
   Article 10           Representation and warranty    
     
   The Borrower shall make the following statement and guarantee to the Lender to keep valid within the validity period of this Contract.    
     
  10.1 It shall have the legal entity as the Borrower and shall have the qualification and capacity of signing and performing this Contract.   
     
  10.2 All necessary authorizations or approval are obtained upon the signing of this Contract. Signing and performance of the contract shall not violate the provisions of the company's rules and relevant laws and regulations and is not contradicted to other obligations under this Contract.   
     
  10.3 Other debts payable shall be repaid as scheduled without malicious default of bank loan principal and interest.   
     
  10.4 It has sound organizational structure and financial management system, and has no major violation of disciplines in the process of production and management in the most recent year, and its current senior management has no significant adverse records.   
     
  10.5 All the documents and information provided to the Lender are true, accurate, complete and effective, without false records, material omissions or misleading representation.   
     
  10.6 The financial accounting report provided to the Lender is prepared based on the  Chinese Accounting Standard  and reflects the operating conditions and liabilities of the Borrower truthfully, fairly and completely. The financial condition of the Borrower has no major unfavorable changes since the closing date of the latest financial accounting report.   
     
  10.7 Fail to conceal litigation, arbitration or lawsuit involved the Borrower to the Lender.   
     
   Article 11           Commitment by Borrower    
     
  11.1  The loan shall be withdrawn and used according to the period and purpose as agreed in this Contract, and shall not go to the security market, futures market or used for other purposes prohibited or restricted by the relevant laws and regulations, in any form.    
     
  11.2 The loan principal and interest and other payables shall be repaid in accordance with this Contract.   
     
  11.3  The Lender shall inspect and supervise the loan using condition as well as the purpose in the modes of account analysis, voucher checking and field investigation based on the acceptance and actively cooperation. The loan using condition shall be reported periodically according to the requirement of the Lender.    
     
  11.4 It shall accept the credit check from the Lender, provides upon request of the Lender the financial accounting information like balance sheet and income statement and other information reflecting the debt paying ability of the Borrower, and assist and cooperate with the Lender in investigation, understanding and supervision of its production and management and financial position.   
     
  11.5 Dividend and bonus shall not be distributed in any form before the loan principal and interest and other payables under this Contract are paid off without the written consent from the Lender.   
     
   11.6 Merge, discretion, capital reduction, stock right transfer, material assets, assignment of debt, major foreign investment, substantial increase of debt financing and other behaviors that may result in unfavorable influence on the Lender's benefit can proceed only when obtaining the written consent from the Lender in advance or the arrangement for the Creditor's rights of the Lender is satisfactory to the Lender.    

-7-

11.7 When the following situations occur, the Borrower shall timely give notice to the Lender:   
     
  (1)      The modification of articles of association, business scope, registered capital and legal representative;   
     
  (2)      Discontinuation of business, dissolution, liquidation, business suspension for rectification, business license being revoked and revocation or bankruptcy application (applied);   
     
  (3)      Significant economic disputes, lawsuit, arbitration involved or may be involved, or the property is sealed up, distrained or supervised in accordance with the law;   
     
  (4)      The shareholders, directors and the current senior management staff get involved in major cases or economic disputes;   
     
  11.8 It shall disclose to the Lender the relationships of the related parties and the related transactions in a timely, comprehensive and accurate manner.   
     
  11.9 It shall sign for the notices sent by the Lender or served in other forms.   
     
  11.10 The Borrower shall not dispose its own assets by reducing its debt paying ability. Guarantee for not damaging the rights of Lender to the third party.   
     
  11.11 In the event that the loan under this Contract is issued based on the credit, it shall report periodically to the external guarantee to the Lender in a complete, true, accurate manner and sign the account escrow agreement in accordance with the requirements of the Lender. External guarantee may affect the performance of its obligations under this Contract, which must obtain the Lender's written consent.   
     
   11.12 The cost arising from the conclusion and performance of this Contract and the cost paid and to be paid for realizing the Lender's rights under the contract shall be borne, including but not limited to the lawsuit or arbitration fees, property preservation fees, counsel fee, execution fees, valuation fees, auction fee and advertising fees.    
     
  11.13 The liquidation order of the debts under this Contract is prior to the Creditor's debts to its shareholders, and is at least equivalent to other similar debts of the Borrower.   
     
   Article 12           Commitment by Lender    
     
  12.1 Issue the loan to the Borrower according to agreement of this Contract.   
     
  12.2 Except for the non-public data and information privacy provided by the Borrower unless otherwise stipulated by the laws and regulations and agreed by this Contract.   
     
   Article 13           Breach of contract    
     
  13.1 When one of the following situations occurs, it shall constitute the breach of contract of the Borrower:   
     
  (1)      The Borrower fails to pay the loan principal and interest and other payables according to the agreement or perform any other obligations under this Contract or violate the statement, guarantee or commitment under this Contract;   
     
  (2)      Guarantees change against the Lender's Creditor's rights of loans under this Contract, and the Borrower fails to provide a new guarantee recognized by the Lender;   
     
  (3)      The Borrower fails to liquidate other due debts (including declared to become due in advance) or fails to perform or violate other obligations under this Contract, which influence or may influence the performance of the obligation under this Contract;   
     
  (4)      The financial indexes such as profitability, debt paying ability, operation ability and cash flow of the Borrower break through the agreed standard or have deteriorated that have influenced or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (5)      Material adverse changes happen to the Borrower's equity structure, production and management, foreign investment, etc., which have affected or may affect the performance of its obligations under this Contract;   

-8-

(6)      The Borrower is or may be involved in major economic disputes, lawsuit, arbitration, the assets are closed down, detained or enforced, put on the record by the judiciary authorities or administrative body for investigation, subject to punitive measures by laws, violate relevant national regulations or policies or influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (7)      The abnormal changing and disappearing of main investor's individual and key management personnel of Borrower or subject to investigation or personal freedom limit of judiciary authorities by laws influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (8)      The Borrower takes advantage of the false contracts with the related parties, takes advantage of the transactions without actual transaction background for arbitrage of cash or credit from the Lender, or takes advantage of the related transactions to escape from the Creditor's rights of the Lender;   
     
  (9)      The Borrower has been or may be in the conditions of discontinuation of business, dissolution, liquidation, business suspension for rectification, business license being revoked, and revocation or bankruptcy application (applied);   
     
  (10)     The liability accidents of Borrower due to the violation of relevant laws and regulation, supervision, regulation or industrial standard have influenced or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (11)     If the loan under this Contract is issued in the credit mode, indexes such as the credit rating, profitability, asset liability ratio, business activities and net cash flow of the Borrower do not conform to the credit loan conditions of the Lender; or the Borrower, without the written consent from the Lender, conducts mortgage/pledge guarantee or provides guarantee to others with own valid operating assets, which influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (12)     There are other circumstances that may cause the Lender's realization of the Creditor's rights under this Contract to be adversely affected.   
     
   13.2 In the case of the breach of contract by the Borrower, the Lender shall be entitled to take one or more of the following measures:    
     
   (1)          Require the Borrower to correct his default behavior within the limit time;    
     
   (2)          Stop issuing loans and other financing payments to the Borrower in accordance with this Contract and other contracts between the Lender and the Borrower, and cancel part or all of the loan and other financing payments not withdrawn by the Borrower;    
     
   (3)        Declare due immediately of the loan and other financing payments not withdrawn under this Contract and other contracts between the Lender and the Borrower, and immediate withdrawal of the outstanding payments;    
     
   (4)        Require the Borrower to compensate for the losses caused by the Lender due to his breach of contract;    
     
   (5)        Other measures specified by the laws and regulations, agreed in this Contract or deemed necessary by the Lender.    
     
  13.3 In the case that the Borrower fails to repay the loan as agreement when it is due (including it is declared to be due immediately), the Lender shall be entitled to collect interest penalty from the date it is overdue as per the penalty interest rate agreed in this Contract. For interest that cannot be paid on time by the Borrower, compound interest shall be calculated and collected according to overdue penalty interest rate.   

-9-

13.4 In the event that the Borrower fails to use the loan for the purposes agreed in this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to collect default interests for the part of loan misappropriated according to the interest penalty agreed in this Contract. And for interests not paid on time during misappropriation period, compound interests shall be calculated and collected according to the penalty interest rate for peculated loan.   
     
  13.5 The Borrower has the aforementioned situations listed in Article 13.3 and 13.4, the penalty interest rate shall take the highest as the standard and not be imposed concurrently.   
     
   13.6 If the Borrower fails to repay the principal and the interest (including interest penalty and compound interest) of the loan or other payables on schedule, then the Lender shall be entitled to announce for the collection through the media.    
     
  13.7 If there is any change of the controlling or controlled relationship between Borrower and his related parties or the related parties of the Lender encounter the other situations (the aforementioned situations in the items of (1) and (2) of Article 13.1 excluded), which has affected or may affect the Borrower to perform his obligations under this Contract, then the Lender shall be entitled to take various measures agreed in this Contract.   
     
   Article 14           Deduction    
     
   14.1 If the Borrower fails to repay the due (including the one declared to be due immediately) debt as agreed in this Contract, then the Lender shall be entitled to deduct the corresponding amount from all local foreign currency accounts that are opened in the Lender or other branches of the Lender by the Lender for the liquidation till the Borrower repays all the loan under this Contract.    
     
   14.2 If the currency of funds deducted is different from that agreed in this Contract, it shall be converted as per the adapted exchange rate available to the Lender on the deduction date.   The interests and other expenses from deduction date and liquidation day(the day when the Lender converts deducting fund to contractual currency based on management policies of state foreign exchange and actually liquidate debts under this Contract) and the difference incurred due to exchange rate fluctuation in the period shall be borne by the Borrower.    
     
   14.3 If deductions by the Lender are not sufficient to pay off all debts of the Borrower, then the Lender shall be entitled to decide the liquidation order.    
     
   Article 15           Assignment of rights and obligations    
     
  15.1 The Lender shall be entitled to transfer parts or all rights under this Contract to the third party, and the transfer behavior of the Lender is no need to get the approval of the Borrower. Without the written consent from the Lender, the Borrower cannot transfer the rights and obligations under this Contract.   
     
  15.2 The Lender can authorize or entrust other branches to perform the rights and obligations under this Contract according to the operating management need or transfer the loan credit rights under this Contract to other branches for management, and the aforementioned behaviors of Lender are no need to get the approval of the Borrower if the latter agrees. Other branches, undertaking the rights and obligations of the Lender, shall be entitled to exercise all rights under this Contract, make lawsuit, arbitration or an application for compulsory execution to the court for the dispute under this Contract in the name of the relevant institution.   
     
   Article 16           Effectiveness, modification and termination    
     
  16.1 This Contract comes into effect from the signing date till the fully performance date of obligations by the Borrower under this Contract.   
     
  16.2 The modification of this Contract must be agreed by both parties and determined by written forms. The article or agreement altered is a part of this Contract and shall assume the same legal force with this Contract. Besides the part altered, other parts of this Contract remain their validity; and original articles hold the validity before effectiveness of changed part.   
     
  16.3 Any modification or termination of this Contract shall not affect the claim rights to either party. The termination of this Contract shall not infringe the effectiveness of resolution of related disputes.   

-10-

Article 17           The application of laws and the dispute resolution    
     
  The conclusion of this Contract, its validity, interpretation, execution and settlement of disputes shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. All disputes arising from or relevant to this Contract shall be solved through negotiation of both parties or in this Contract agreement mode if fail through negotiation.   
     
   Article 18            Notice    
     
  18.1 All notices under this Contract shall be released in written forms. Unless otherwise stipulated, the addresses specified by both parties in this Contract shall be used for communication and contact. Any change of either party's communication address or other contract ways shall promptly inform the other party in written forms.   
     
  18.2 If any party of this Contract refuse to receive or there are other delivery failure situations, the notifying party can adopt notarization or announcement for delivery.   
     
   Article 19            Other items    
     
  19.1 If the Lender hasn't performed, has partially performed or delayed in performing any rights under this Contract, it shall not be counted as abandonment or alteration of such right or any other rights, and this shall not influence further exertion of such right or other relevant rights.   
     
  19.2 Any invalid or unenforceable term of this Contract shall not affect the validity and enforceability of other terms, and not affect the validity of the whole contract.   
     
  19.3 The Lender, bases on the provisions by the related laws and regulations or the requirements by financial regulatory agency, shall be entitled to provide information related to this Contract and other information of the Borrower to the credit reporting system of the People's Bank of China and other credit information databases established by law, which shall be applied for suitably qualified organizations or individuals' queries and use. The Lender shall also be entitled to check Borrower's related information through the credit reporting system of the People's Bank of China and other credit information databases established by law, in order to ensure the conclusion and performance of this Contract.   
     
  19.4 The " related parties", "Relations of related parties", "Transactions of related parties", "Main individual investors", "Key managers" and other terms mentioned in this Contract have the same meaning with those in  No.36 of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises -- Disclosure of Associated Parties  (C.K. [2006] No. 3) published by the Finance Department and its amendments from time to time.   
     
   19.5 The Lender shall formulate and keep all documents and evidences of the loan under this Contract in line with business rules to constitute effective proof certifying debtor-Creditor relationship of both parties which is binding to the Borrower.    
     
  19.6 In this Contract, matters mentioned in (1) shall include the modification or supplement of the contract; (2) the topic of clause is only for reference, shall not constitute any interpretation for this Contract and has no limit to the content and its scope under the topic.   
     
   Article 20            Dispute settlement    
     
  The way of dispute resolution under this Contract is subject to the following way of  (2) :   
     
  (1)      The dispute is submitted to the _________arbitration committee for arbitration in _______(arbitration location) according to the valid arbitration rules when submitting the arbitration application. The arbitral decision decides the final result and has binding on both parties.   
     
  (2)      It shall be solved with the local court of the Lender through lawsuit.   

-11-

Article 21            Other items    
     
  21.1 This Contract is in  duplicate , the Borrower and the Lender hold  one  copy respectively with the same legal force.   
     
  21.2 The following appendixes are considered as the indivisible constituent parts of this Contract in company with other appendixes which are jointly confirmed by both parties, hence, they have the same legal forces with this Contract:   
     
  Appendix 1: Withdrawal Application   
     
  Appendix 2:   
     
  Appendix 3:   
     
   Article 22            Other matters agreed by both parties.    
     
    Article 5.4 shall be temporarily suspended.     
     
    I have read all terms of the contract carefully already and fully understand the contract content.     
     
    The lawsuit shall be in the jurisdiction of the court where the     Party     B locates.    

-12-

Both parties shall acknowledge that:  Both parties have made full consultations for all articles in this Contract. The Lender has asked the Borrower to pay attention to all articles concerning rights and obligations of both parties and understand them completely and accurately, and interpreted and explained related articles upon request of the Borrower. The Borrower carefully reads and fully understands all terms of contract, the understanding of debit and credit parties for the contract terms is completely consistent without objection to the content of this Contract.   
     
   Lender  (official seal): _____________   
     
  Person in charge/authorized agent:        

Borrower  (official seal):   
     
  Legal representative/authorized agent:      

Date of contract signing: September 24, 2015  

-13-

Appendix 1:   
     
   Withdrawal Application    
     
   Bank of Handan Co., Ltd.   
     
  According to the  Current Capital Loan Contract  (hereinafter referred to as the "Loan Contract") signed between us and your bank on  September   24  , 2015  with the No. of  xd201509241429 , we have fully implemented the withdrawal preconditions agreed in the Loan Contract and put forward the following withdrawal application to your bank:   
     
  I. We propose to withdraw the loan with the amount of  RMB  (currency) (in words)  One   Hundred   and   Thirty Million     Only    from your bank on  September   24  , 2015 .   
     
  II. The loan term is  12   months , with the maturity date on  September   24  , 2016 .   
     
  III. Please transfer the loan to our following special bank account:   
     
  Account name:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
     
  Account No.:  866350100100082672    
     
  Opening bank:  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan    
     
  IV. According to the agreement of the Loan Contract and Entrusted Payment Agreement, the loan shall adopt      Entrusted payment by Lender     Independent payment by Borrower.   
     
  Under entrusted payment mode by the Lender, we authorize and entrust your bank to pay the loan after it is transferred to our account to following account of payment object meeting agreed purpose in the contract.   
     
  Account name:  Altair Nanotechnologies (China) Co., Ltd.   
     
  Account No.:  674358611849    
     
  Opening bank:  Bank of China bonded area sub-branch   
     
   [If the loan need be paid to several payment objects at the same time, see appendix for list of payment objects and accounts.]    
     
  V. Our Company sincerely confirms the following items to your Bank:   
     
  1. The loan shall be used for the aims agreed in the Loan Contract;   
     
  2. On the issuing date of the application and the withdrawal date, all statements, guarantee and commitment made by us in the Loan Contract are true, accurate, complete and valid.   
     
  3. Up to the issuing date of this application, the production and business as well as the financial credit status of our Company have not occurred any material adverse change.   
     
  4. On the issuing date of the application, there is no breach or breach relevant to the Loan Contract or expected breach event under the Loan Contract, and we shall further confirm that no breach of contract occurs or exist on the withdrawal date.   
     
  5. After the Notice issued, it shall become irrevocable.   
     
  Borrower (Official Seal):   
  Legal representative/authorized agent:    
  Date:  September   24  , 2015   

-14-   

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 10
 ex10-41.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.41
 
   ex10-41.htm 

Exhibit 10.41   
     
  No.: xd201509281504  

Current Capital Loan Contract    

Lender:  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan Co., Ltd.    
     
  Person in charge:  Wang Qingbo      Contact person: ___________   
     
  Domicile (address):  Intersection of Kuangjian Road and Guangming Street in Wu'an City         
            Postal code: ____________   
     
  Tel.: ___________      Fax: __________      E-mail: _____________   
     
  Borrower:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
     
  Legal representative:  Wei Guohua      Contact person: ____________   
     
  Domicile (address):  North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu'an City      Postal code: _____________   
     
  Tel. ____________      Fax: __________      E-mail: ______________   
     
  The Borrower and the Lender came to an agreement in terms of the Lender issuing loans to the Borrower and hereby signed this Contract through equal negotiation.   
     
   Article 1           Loan purpose    
     
  Loans under this Contract shall be used for the following purpose, and the Borrower shall not use it for other purpose without the written consent from the Lender. The Lender shall be entitled to supervise use of the loan.   
     
  Loan purpose:  Purchases                                                                   
     
   Article 2           Loan amount and term    
     
  2.1 The currency of loan under this Contract is in  RMB , with the amount of (in figures)  RMB     1  17,000,000  (in words)  RMB   One hundred and seventeen   Million Only    (the amount in words shall prevail when the amount in words and in figures is different)   
     
  2.2 The loan term under this Contract is  12   months  from the effective withdrawal date (from the first effective withdrawal date in case of installment withdrawal), and the effective withdrawal date is subject to the IOU.   
     
   Article 3           Interest rate, interests and expenditure    
     
  3.1 Loan interest rate of RMB shall be determined according to Method  (1) :   
     
  (1)      Fixed interest rate, annual interest rate is  3.83    , the interest rate is unchanged within the validity period of the contract.   
     
  (2)      Floating interest rate shall be determined based on the benchmark interest rate plus the floating range, where the benchmark interest rate ______________ (withdrawal date/effectiveness date of the contract), the benchmark loan interest rate announced by the People's Bank of China equivalent to the corresponding level of the loan term as agreed in Article 2.2. Fluctuation range is (rise/drop) __________ %, and fluctuation shall keep unchanged within the contract period. After the Borrower draws the money, the benchmark interest rate is taken _________ (1/3/6/12) month(s) as one installment. Adjustment shall be made for each installment, and interest shall be calculated in stages. The fixed date of the interest rate of the Instalment II shall be the corresponding date when the withdrawal date reaches the expiration of one installment. In the case that the current month excludes the date corresponding to the withdrawal date, the last day of this month shall be the corresponding date, and other installments shall follow the same way accordingly. In case that the Borrower withdraws the money in several times, it shall be implemented according to current loan interest rate determined on the fixed date for the interest rate of this phrase regardless of withdrawal times within the first installment. And adjustment shall be made in the next phrase at the same time.   
     
  (3)       Other items : _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________  
     
  3.2 The interest rate of the loan this Contract shall be calculated from the actual withdrawal date and the interest settlement shall be conducted by  month    (month/quarter/semi-annual). The principal and interest shall be paid off upon expiration of the loan. Wherein, daily interest rate = annual interest rate /360.   

-2-

3.3 Overdue penalty interest rate under this Contract shall be determined by an additional  50 % of the original loan interest rate, and the default interest rate due to misappropriation shall be determined by an additional  100 % of the original loan interest rate.   
     
  3.4 In the case that loans under this Contract is adopted with the floating interest rate, so adjustment rules of interest rate after the loan is overdue shall be conducted according to the original mode.   
     
  3.5 In that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted monthly, then the expiry date for interest is 20th of every month; in that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted quarterly, then the expiry date for interest is 20th of last month in every quarter; in that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted semi-annually, then the expiry date for interest is June 20 and December 20 of every year;   
     
  3.6 The first interest period is from the date actual withdrawal by the Borrower to the first expiry date for interest; the last interest period is from the next date at the end of the previous interest period to the final repayment date; the remaining interest periods are is from the next date at the end of the previous interest period to the next expiry date for interest.   
     
   3.7 Where the People's Bank of China adjusts the loan interest rate to determine the way, it shall be handled with according to the relevant provisions of the People's Bank of China, and the Borrower shall not further be informed by the Lender.    
     
   Article 4           Loan release and payment    
     
  4.1 The Borrower shall withdraw money from the loan according to the actual demands, in which the first loan must be withdrawn before  October   2  0, 201  5 , and the last loan must be withdrawn before  October   3  0, 201  5 , otherwise the Lender shall be entitled to cancel all or part of the loan  (this article is not applicable to the circular loan).    
     
  4.2 Actual withdrawal date and repayment date shall be subject to date recorded on IOU handled by both parties of the Borrower and Lender. The withdrawal voucher of IOU and loan is an integral part of this Contract, except for the mentioned date, other information in this Contract shall prevail if other recording matters are inconsistent with that in this Contract.  
     
  4.3 The following preconditions must be met when the Borrower draws loan, otherwise the Lender is not obliged to grant any money to the Borrower, unless the Lender agrees to release the loan in advance:   
     
  (1)      In addition to the fiduciary loan, the Borrower has provided a corresponding guarantee and has completed the relevant guarantee procedures as required by the Lender;   
     
  (2)      There is no default under this Contract or under other contracts signed by the Borrower and Lender;   
     
  (3)      The proof for the loan purpose provided shall be consistent with usage as agreed.   
     
  4.4 The written document provided by the Borrower upon the withdrawal to the Lender shall be the original; in the case that the original copy cannot be provided, copies stamped with the Borrower's official seal are allowed with the consent of the Lender.   
     
  4.5 In the case of applying for withdrawal, the Borrower shall submit the withdrawal notice to the Lender at least 5 banking days in advance. The withdrawal notice upon submission shall not be cancelled without written consent of the Lender.   
     
  4.6 After the Borrower meets the precondition of withdrawal or the loan is released in advance with the consent of the Lender, the Lender shall deposit the loan into assigned account of the Borrower. Then it shall be deemed as that the Lender has been released the loan to the Borrower according to this Contract.   

-3-

4.7 The loan over a certain amount or in line with certain conditions in accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements and management requirements of the Lender, the Borrower shall use the entrusted payment mode, and the Lender shall pay the loan to the subject of such loan as agreed in this Contract based on the Borrower's withdrawal application and agency payment. For this purpose, the Borrower shall sign a separate agency payment agreement with the Lender as an appendix to this Contract, and shall open an account at the Lender's or designate a special account to handle the entrusted payment.   
     
   Article 5           Repayment    
     
  5.1 The main sources of fund that the Borrower used to repay principal and interest of the loan under this Contract are from but not limited to:   
     
  (1)       Sales revenue and profit    
     
  (2)       All available assets    
     
  5.2 The Borrower shall repay the loan under this Contract according to the following method  (1) :   
     
  (1)      The loan shall be repaid at one time once mature.   
     
  (2)      Amortize according to the following repayment plan (another page can be attached if there is more information):   

Planned date of repayment    
 
  Planned repayment amount (RMB 10,000)     

Blank below    

-4-

5.3 In the event that one of the following circumstances occurs to the loan under this Contract, the Borrower shall repay the loan immediately after the corresponding funds are in place, thus leading to the advance repayment, the Borrower shall not pay the compensation:     
  __________________________________________________________________________________ _____________________________________________ 
  _  ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________   
     
   5.4 If the Borrower makes advance repayment, he shall pay compensation to the Lender according to ______% of the repayment amount, except for circumstances as agreed in Article 5.3.    
     
  5.5 The Borrower shall repay in full the loan principal and interest and other payables on time as agreed in this Contract. The Borrower, 1 banking day before the repayment date and each expiry date for interest, shall deposit the current loan principal and interest and other payables in the account opened thereby at the Lender's. And the Lender s shall be entitled to actively deduct such payment on the said repayment date or interest settlement date, or require the Borrower to provide cooperation in the related deduction. If the money in the repayment account is insufficient to pay all mature payable of the Borrower, the Lender shall be entitled to decide the liquidation order of repayment.   
     
  5.6 In the case that the Borrower applies for early repayment of all or part of the loan, he shall submit a written application to the Lender before 10 banking days, acquired approval from the Lender, and pay compensation to the Lender in accordance with the standards as stipulated in this Contract.   
     
  5.7 In the event that the Lender agrees to the early repayment, the Borrower shall pay the due loan principal and interest and other payables as agreed in this Contract from the advance repayment date to the early repayment date.   
     
   5.8 The Lender shall be entitled to collect the loan in advance according to Borrower's capital collection condition  .   
     
   5.9 If there is any shortening of the actual loan term caused by the advance repayment by the Borrower or early withdrawal of the loan by the Lender as agreed in this Contract, then the corresponding interest rate level shall not be adjusted and be subject to the original loan interest rate.    
     
   Article 6           Special agreement on the circular loan  (optional clause, this article is    applicable or       inapplicable)   
     
  6.1 Loans under this Contract can be recycled. The loan amount and loan term cited in Article  2  are the borrowing limit and service period of the circular loan; wherein, the limit and the period shall be circulated from the effective date of this Contract.   
     
  6.2 In addition to the interest, the Borrower shall also pay the Lender the commitment fee. Commitment charge shall be paid according to the following way of _________:   
     
  (1)      Based on ___________% of the borrowing limit of circular loan, and payment shall be settled to the Lender at one time when this Contract comes into force.   
     
  (2)      After this Contract comes into force, related payment shall be settled to the Lender in times on 20 th  of each _____ (month/quarter /year), according to the balance between the circular loan amount and withdrawn loan of the Borrower, and _____% annual rate, until the expiration date of service period of circular loan limit.   
     
  (3)     ______________________________________________________________________________ _____________________________________________ 

-5-

6.3 In case that the loan under this Contract can be recycled, then the sum of the loan balance of the Borrower shall not exceed the circulated loan amount at any time within the service period of circular loan limit; the loan term of the Borrower's each withdrawing is from the actual withdrawal date to the agreed repayment date, and date recorded on the IOU shall prevail. The repayment date of any loans shall not exceed the service period of circular loan limit.   
     
  6.4 The loan under this Contract can be used circularly. If the Borrower fails to draw the money for consecutive 3 months since the signing date of this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to cancel the circular loan limit.   
     
   Article 7           Guarantee    
     
  7.1 Besides the fiduciary loan, the Borrower, inters of his fulfillment of the obligation under this Contract, shall provide legal and valid guarantee approved by the Lender. The guarantee contract shall be separately signed.   
     
  7.2 The loan under this Contract is  guaranteed  (fiduciary/guaranteed) loan.   
     
  7.3 If the loan under this Contract is the guaranteed one, then the guarantee mode shall be  the deposit receipt pawn .  
     
  In the event that the related guarantee is maximum guarantee, the corresponding maximum guarantee contract is as follows:   
     
  Name of maximum guarantee contract: _______________      (No.: _____________)  
     
  Guarantor (Pledgor, Mortgager): ______________________________________________   
     
  7.4 In case of damage, devaluation, property right dispute, distrain or attachment of the pledged object which are arising from this Contract, or the Mortgager's disposal of the collateral without authorization, or adverse changes in the financial condition of the Guarantor providing guarantee or other changes not conducive to the Lender's Creditor's rights, then the Borrower shall promptly notify the Lender, and provide separately other guarantees approved by the Lender.   
     
  7.5 In the case that the loan under this Contract has the accounts receivable as the pledge guarantee, and one of the following circumstances happens during the validity period of this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to declare the early maturity of the loan, to require the Borrower to repay promptly part or all of the loan principal and interest immediately, or to seek the legitimate, effective and full-amount additional guarantee acceptable by the Lender:   
     
  (1)      The bad debt rate of the Pledgor of the accounts receivable relative to the accounts receivable of the payer rises for two consecutive months;   
     
  (2)      The expired and un-reclaimed receivables of the Pledgor for the receivables to the Payer takes up more than _______% of the receivables balance of the Payer;   
     
  (3)      The accounts receivable may not be paid on time due to the trade dispute (including but not limited to the dispute about quality, technology and service) or dispute over obligation between the accounts receivable Pledgor and the payer or other third party.   
     
   Article 8           Financial agreement (optional clause, applicable to Article         not applicable to Article        )    
     
  During the validity period of this Contract, the Borrower shall comply with the following agreements on the financial indicators:   
     
  _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  
  _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  
   
   Article 9           Account management    
     
  9.1 The Borrower shall designate the special capital collection account at the Lender for collecting corresponding sales revenue or planned repayment fund. If corresponding sales revenue is settled in the non-cash mode, the Borrower shall ensure to transfer the capital to the capital collection account after receiving the money.   

-6-

9.2 The Lender shall be entitled to supervise the capital collection account, including but not limited to the understanding and supervision of the capital incomings and outgoings of the account, and the Borrower shall offer cooperation. The Borrower shall sign a special account supervision agreement with the Lender upon the request of the Lender.   
     
   Article 10           Representation and warranty    
     
   The Borrower shall make the following statement and guarantee to the Lender to keep valid within the validity period of this Contract.    
     
  10.1 It shall have the legal entity as the Borrower and shall have the qualification and capacity of signing and performing this Contract.   
     
  10.2 All necessary authorizations or approval are obtained upon the signing of this Contract. Signing and performance of the contract shall not violate the provisions of the company's rules and relevant laws and regulations and is not contradicted to other obligations under this Contract.   
     
  10.3 Other debts payable shall be repaid as scheduled without malicious default of bank loan principal and interest.   
     
  10.4 It has sound organizational structure and financial management system, and has no major violation of disciplines in the process of production and management in the most recent year, and its current senior management has no significant adverse records.   
     
  10.5 All the documents and information provided to the Lender are true, accurate, complete and effective, without false records, material omissions or misleading representation.   
     
  10.6 The financial accounting report provided to the Lender is prepared based on the  Chinese Accounting Standard  and reflects the operating conditions and liabilities of the Borrower truthfully, fairly and completely. The financial condition of the Borrower has no major unfavorable changes since the closing date of the latest financial accounting report.   
     
  10.7 Fail to conceal litigation, arbitration or lawsuit involved the Borrower to the Lender.   
     
   Article 11           Commitment by Borrower    
     
  11.1  The loan shall be withdrawn and used according to the period and purpose as agreed in this Contract, and shall not go to the security market, futures market or used for other purposes prohibited or restricted by the relevant laws and regulations, in any form.    
     
  11.2 The loan principal and interest and other payables shall be repaid in accordance with this Contract.   
     
  11.3  The Lender shall inspect and supervise the loan using condition as well as the purpose in the modes of account analysis, voucher checking and field investigation based on the acceptance and actively cooperation. The loan using condition shall be reported periodically according to the requirement of the Lender.    
     
  11.4 It shall accept the credit check from the Lender, provides upon request of the Lender the financial accounting information like balance sheet and income statement and other information reflecting the debt paying ability of the Borrower, and assist and cooperate with the Lender in investigation, understanding and supervision of its production and management and financial position.   
     
  11.5 Dividend and bonus shall not be distributed in any form before the loan principal and interest and other payables under this Contract are paid off without the written consent from the Lender.   
     
   11.6 Merge, discretion, capital reduction, stock right transfer, material assets, assignment of debt, major foreign investment, substantial increase of debt financing and other behaviors that may result in unfavorable influence on the Lender's benefit can proceed only when obtaining the written consent from the Lender in advance or the arrangement for the Creditor's rights of the Lender is satisfactory to the Lender.    

-7-

11.7 When the following situations occur, the Borrower shall timely give notice to the Lender:   
     
  (1)      The modification of articles of association, business scope, registered capital and legal representative;   
     
  (2)      Discontinuation of business, dissolution, liquidation, business suspension for rectification, business license being revoked and revocation or bankruptcy application (applied);   
     
  (3)      Significant economic disputes, lawsuit, arbitration involved or may be involved, or the property is sealed up, distrained or supervised in accordance with the law;   
     
  (4)      The shareholders, directors and the current senior management staff get involved in major cases or economic disputes;   
     
  11.8 It shall disclose to the Lender the relationships of the related parties and the related transactions in a timely, comprehensive and accurate manner.   
     
  11.9 It shall sign for the notices sent by the Lender or served in other forms.   
     
  11.10 The Borrower shall not dispose its own assets by reducing its debt paying ability. Guarantee for not damaging the rights of Lender to the third party.   
     
  11.11 In the event that the loan under this Contract is issued based on the credit, it shall report periodically to the external guarantee to the Lender in a complete, true, accurate manner and sign the account escrow agreement in accordance with the requirements of the Lender. External guarantee may affect the performance of its obligations under this Contract, which must obtain the Lender's written consent.   
     
   11.12 The cost arising from the conclusion and performance of this Contract and the cost paid and to be paid for realizing the Lender's rights under the contract shall be borne, including but not limited to the lawsuit or arbitration fees, property preservation fees, counsel fee, execution fees, valuation fees, auction fee and advertising fees.    
     
  11.13 The liquidation order of the debts under this Contract is prior to the Creditor's debts to its shareholders, and is at least equivalent to other similar debts of the Borrower.   
     
   Article 12           Commitment by Lender    
     
  12.1 Issue the loan to the Borrower according to agreement of this Contract.   
     
  12.2 Except for the non-public data and information privacy provided by the Borrower unless otherwise stipulated by the laws and regulations and agreed by this Contract.   
     
   Article 13           Breach of contract    
     
  13.1 When one of the following situations occurs, it shall constitute the breach of contract of the Borrower:   
     
  (1)      The Borrower fails to pay the loan principal and interest and other payables according to the agreement or perform any other obligations under this Contract or violate the statement, guarantee or commitment under this Contract;   
     
  (2)      Guarantees change against the Lender's Creditor's rights of loans under this Contract, and the Borrower fails to provide a new guarantee recognized by the Lender;   
     
  (3)      The Borrower fails to liquidate other due debts (including declared to become due in advance) or fails to perform or violate other obligations under this Contract, which influence or may influence the performance of the obligation under this Contract;   
     
  (4)      The financial indexes such as profitability, debt paying ability, operation ability and cash flow of the Borrower break through the agreed standard or have deteriorated that have influenced or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (5)      Material adverse changes happen to the Borrower's equity structure, production and management, foreign investment, etc., which have affected or may affect the performance of its obligations under this Contract;   

-8-

(6)      The Borrower is or may be involved in major economic disputes, lawsuit, arbitration, the assets are closed down, detained or enforced, put on the record by the judiciary authorities or administrative body for investigation, subject to punitive measures by laws, violate relevant national regulations or policies or influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (7)      The abnormal changing and disappearing of main investor's individual and key management personnel of Borrower or subject to investigation or personal freedom limit of judiciary authorities by laws influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (8)      The Borrower takes advantage of the false contracts with the related parties, takes advantage of the transactions without actual transaction background for arbitrage of cash or credit from the Lender, or takes advantage of the related transactions to escape from the Creditor's rights of the Lender;   
     
  (9)      The Borrower has been or may be in the conditions of discontinuation of business, dissolution, liquidation, business suspension for rectification, business license being revoked, and revocation or bankruptcy application (applied);   
     
  (10)     The liability accidents of Borrower due to the violation of relevant laws and regulation, supervision, regulation or industrial standard have influenced or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (11)     If the loan under this Contract is issued in the credit mode, indexes such as the credit rating, profitability, asset liability ratio, business activities and net cash flow of the Borrower do not conform to the credit loan conditions of the Lender; or the Borrower, without the written consent from the Lender, conducts mortgage/pledge guarantee or provides guarantee to others with own valid operating assets, which influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (12)     There are other circumstances that may cause the Lender's realization of the Creditor's rights under this Contract to be adversely affected.   
     
   13.2 In the case of the breach of contract by the Borrower, the Lender shall be entitled to take one or more of the following measures:    
     
   (1)          Require the Borrower to correct his default behavior within the limit time;    
     
   (2)          Stop issuing loans and other financing payments to the Borrower in accordance with this Contract and other contracts between the Lender and the Borrower, and cancel part or all of the loan and other financing payments not withdrawn by the Borrower;    
     
   (3)        Declare due immediately of the loan and other financing payments not withdrawn under this Contract and other contracts between the Lender and the Borrower, and immediate withdrawal of the outstanding payments;    
     
   (4)        Require the Borrower to compensate for the losses caused by the Lender due to his breach of contract;    
     
   (5)        Other measures specified by the laws and regulations, agreed in this Contract or deemed necessary by the Lender.    
     
  13.3 In the case that the Borrower fails to repay the loan as agreement when it is due (including it is declared to be due immediately), the Lender shall be entitled to collect interest penalty from the date it is overdue as per the penalty interest rate agreed in this Contract. For interest that cannot be paid on time by the Borrower, compound interest shall be calculated and collected according to overdue penalty interest rate.   

-9-

13.4 In the event that the Borrower fails to use the loan for the purposes agreed in this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to collect default interests for the part of loan misappropriated according to the interest penalty agreed in this Contract. And for interests not paid on time during misappropriation period, compound interests shall be calculated and collected according to the penalty interest rate for peculated loan.   
     
  13.5 The Borrower has the aforementioned situations listed in Article 13.3 and 13.4, the penalty interest rate shall take the highest as the standard and not be imposed concurrently.   
     
   13.6 If the Borrower fails to repay the principal and the interest (including interest penalty and compound interest) of the loan or other payables on schedule, then the Lender shall be entitled to announce for the collection through the media.    
     
  13.7 If there is any change of the controlling or controlled relationship between Borrower and his related parties or the related parties of the Lender encounter the other situations (the aforementioned situations in the items of (1) and (2) of Article 13.1 excluded), which has affected or may affect the Borrower to perform his obligations under this Contract, then the Lender shall be entitled to take various measures agreed in this Contract.   
     
   Article 14           Deduction    
     
   14.1 If the Borrower fails to repay the due (including the one declared to be due immediately) debt as agreed in this Contract, then the Lender shall be entitled to deduct the corresponding amount from all local foreign currency accounts that are opened in the Lender or other branches of the Lender by the Lender for the liquidation till the Borrower repays all the loan under this Contract.    
     
   14.2 If the currency of funds deducted is different from that agreed in this Contract, it shall be converted as per the adapted exchange rate available to the Lender on the deduction date.   The interests and other expenses from deduction date and liquidation day(the day when the Lender converts deducting fund to contractual currency based on management policies of state foreign exchange and actually liquidate debts under this Contract) and the difference incurred due to exchange rate fluctuation in the period shall be borne by the Borrower.    
     
   14.3 If deductions by the Lender are not sufficient to pay off all debts of the Borrower, then the Lender shall be entitled to decide the liquidation order.    
     
   Article 15           Assignment of rights and obligations    
     
  15.1 The Lender shall be entitled to transfer parts or all rights under this Contract to the third party, and the transfer behavior of the Lender is no need to get the approval of the Borrower. Without the written consent from the Lender, the Borrower cannot transfer the rights and obligations under this Contract.   
     
  15.2 The Lender can authorize or entrust other branches to perform the rights and obligations under this Contract according to the operating management need or transfer the loan credit rights under this Contract to other branches for management, and the aforementioned behaviors of Lender are no need to get the approval of the Borrower if the latter agrees. Other branches, undertaking the rights and obligations of the Lender, shall be entitled to exercise all rights under this Contract, make lawsuit, arbitration or an application for compulsory execution to the court for the dispute under this Contract in the name of the relevant institution.   
     
   Article 16           Effectiveness, modification and termination    
     
  16.1 This Contract comes into effect from the signing date till the fully performance date of obligations by the Borrower under this Contract.   
     
  16.2 The modification of this Contract must be agreed by both parties and determined by written forms. The article or agreement altered is a part of this Contract and shall assume the same legal force with this Contract. Besides the part altered, other parts of this Contract remain their validity; and original articles hold the validity before effectiveness of changed part.   
     
  16.3 Any modification or termination of this Contract shall not affect the claim rights to either party. The termination of this Contract shall not infringe the effectiveness of resolution of related disputes.   

-10-

Article 17           The application of laws and the dispute resolution    
     
  The conclusion of this Contract, its validity, interpretation, execution and settlement of disputes shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. All disputes arising from or relevant to this Contract shall be solved through negotiation of both parties or in this Contract agreement mode if fail through negotiation.   
     
   Article 18            Notice    
     
  18.1 All notices under this Contract shall be released in written forms. Unless otherwise stipulated, the addresses specified by both parties in this Contract shall be used for communication and contact. Any change of either party's communication address or other contract ways shall promptly inform the other party in written forms.   
     
  18.2 If any party of this Contract refuse to receive or there are other delivery failure situations, the notifying party can adopt notarization or announcement for delivery.   
     
   Article 19            Other items    
     
  19.1 If the Lender hasn't performed, has partially performed or delayed in performing any rights under this Contract, it shall not be counted as abandonment or alteration of such right or any other rights, and this shall not influence further exertion of such right or other relevant rights.   
     
  19.2 Any invalid or unenforceable term of this Contract shall not affect the validity and enforceability of other terms, and not affect the validity of the whole contract.   
     
  19.3 The Lender, bases on the provisions by the related laws and regulations or the requirements by financial regulatory agency, shall be entitled to provide information related to this Contract and other information of the Borrower to the credit reporting system of the People's Bank of China and other credit information databases established by law, which shall be applied for suitably qualified organizations or individuals' queries and use. The Lender shall also be entitled to check Borrower's related information through the credit reporting system of the People's Bank of China and other credit information databases established by law, in order to ensure the conclusion and performance of this Contract.   
     
  19.4 The " related parties", "Relations of related parties", "Transactions of related parties", "Main individual investors", "Key managers" and other terms mentioned in this Contract have the same meaning with those in  No.36 of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises -- Disclosure of Associated Parties  (C.K. [2006] No. 3) published by the Finance Department and its amendments from time to time.   
     
   19.5 The Lender shall formulate and keep all documents and evidences of the loan under this Contract in line with business rules to constitute effective proof certifying debtor-Creditor relationship of both parties which is binding to the Borrower.    
     
  19.6 In this Contract, matters mentioned in (1) shall include the modification or supplement of the contract; (2) the topic of clause is only for reference, shall not constitute any interpretation for this Contract and has no limit to the content and its scope under the topic.   
     
   Article 20            Dispute settlement    
     
  The way of dispute resolution under this Contract is subject to the following way of  (2) :   
     
  (1)      The dispute is submitted to the _________arbitration committee for arbitration in _______ (arbitration location) according to the valid arbitration rules when submitting the arbitration application. The arbitral decision decides the final result and has binding on both parties.   
     
  (2)      It shall be solved with the local court of the Lender through lawsuit.   
     
   Article 21            Other items    
     
  21.1 This Contract is in  duplicate , the Borrower and the Lender hold  one  copy respectively with the same legal force.   

-11-

21.2 The following appendixes are considered as the indivisible constituent parts of this Contract in company with other appendixes which are jointly confirmed by both parties, hence, they have the same legal forces with this Contract:   
     
  Appendix 1: Withdrawal Application   
     
  Appendix 2:   
     
  Appendix 3:   
     
   Article 22            Other matters agreed by both parties.    
     
    Article 5.4 shall be temporarily suspended.     
     
    I have read all terms of the contract carefully already and fully understand the contract content.     
     
    The lawsuit shall be in the jurisdiction of the court where the Lender locates.    

-12-

Both parties shall acknowledge that:  Both parties have made full consultations for all articles in this Contract. The Lender has asked the Borrower to pay attention to all articles concerning rights and obligations of both parties and understand them completely and accurately, and interpreted and explained related articles upon request of the Borrower. The Borrower carefully reads and fully understands all terms of contract, the understanding of debit and credit parties for the contract terms is completely consistent without objection to the content of this Contract.   
     
   Lender  (official seal): _____________   
     
  Person in charge/authorized agent:        

Borrower  (official seal):   
     
  Legal representative/authorized agent:      

Date of contract signing: September 28, 2015  

-13-

Appendix 1:   
     
   Withdrawal Application    
     
   Bank of Handan Co., Ltd.   
     
  According to the  Current Capital Loan Contract  (hereinafter referred to as the "Loan Contract") signed between us and your bank on  September   28  , 2015  with the No. of  xd201509281504 , we have fully implemented the withdrawal preconditions agreed in the Loan Contract and put forward the following withdrawal application to your bank:   
     
  I. We propose to withdraw the loan with the amount of  RMB  (currency) (in words)  One hundred and seventeen   Million   Only  from your bank on  September   28  , 2015 .   
     
  II. The loan term is  12   months , with the maturity date on  September   28  , 2016 .   
     
  III. Please transfer the loan to our following special bank account:   
     
  Account name:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
     
  Account No.:  866350100100082672    
     
  Opening bank:  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan    
     
  IV. According to the agreement of the  Loan Contract and Entrusted Payment Agreement,    the loan shall adopt         Entrusted payment by Lender         Independent payment by Borrower.    
     
  Under entrusted payment mode by the Lender, we authorize and entrust your bank to pay the loan after it is transferred to our account to following account of payment object meeting agreed purpose in the contract.   
     
  Account name:  Altair Nanotechnologies (China) Co., Ltd.   
     
  Account No.:                        674358611849                              
     
  Opening bank:  Bank of China bonded area sub-branch   
     
   [If the loan need be paid to several payment objects at the same time, see appendix for list of payment objects and accounts.]    
     
  V. Our Company sincerely confirms the following items to your Bank:   
     
  1. The loan shall be used for the aims agreed in the Loan Contract;   
     
  2. On the issuing date of the application and the withdrawal date, all statements, guarantee and commitment made by us in the Loan Contract are true, accurate, complete and valid.   
     
  3. Up to the issuing date of this application, the production and business as well as the financial credit status of our Company have not occurred any material adverse change.   
     
  4. On the issuing date of the application, there is no breach or breach relevant to the Loan Contract or expected breach event under the Loan Contract, and we shall further confirm that no breach of contract occurs or exist on the withdrawal date.   
     
  5. After the Notice issued, it shall become irrevocable.   
     
  Borrower (Official Seal):   
  Legal representative/authorized agent:    
  Date:  September   28  , 2015   

-14-

Special tips: This Contract is concluded on the basis of equality and voluntariness by lending and borrowing parties in accordance with the negotiation. All articles in this Contract are faithful representations of both parties. To safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the borrower, the lender hereby requires the borrower to pay full attention to the terms of the rights and obligations of the parties hereto, especially the bold part.   

-15-   

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 11
 ex10-42.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.42
 
   ex10-42.htm 

Exhibit 10.42   
     
  This copy is the receipt for Remitter from remitting bank   
   
       Anshan Rural Commercial Bank Certificate of Telegraphic Transfer (Receipt)          1    

General    
 
   Urgent    
 
  Date of entrustment: November 16, 2015    

Remitter    
 
  Full name    
 
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    

Full name    
 
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    

Account No.    
 
  265312010105947793   
 Receiver 
 
  Account No.    
 
  866350100100082672   

Place of remitting    
 
  Anshan City / County, Liaoning Province    

Place of receiving    
 
  Handan City / County, Hebei Province    

Name of remitting bank    
 
  Business Department of Anshan Rural Commercial Bank    
 
  Name of receiving bank    
 
  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan    

Amount    
 
  RMB ( in words)    
 
  RMB Nine Million Eight Hundred and Thirty-two Thousand Five Hundred and Sixty Only    
 
  Amount    

9,832,560.00    

Payment password    

Additional information and usage: Transfer    

Large-amount bank No.: 313129500004   

Signature or seal of remitting bank 
 
  Reviewed by    
 
  Bookkeeping    
      
          Wang Xiao   
  130481198404245123  

This copy is the collection notice given to the Bearer by the bank  

Application for Withdrawal of the Bank Settlement Account    

Account name    
 
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.     

Name of opening bank    
 
  Business Department of Anshan Rural Commercial Bank     

Opening bank code    
 
  314223023019   
 
  Account No.    
 
  265312010105947793    

Nature of account    
 
  Basic () Special () General ( ) Temporary () personal ()     

Account opening license standard No.:    
 
  J1295000717102    

Reasons for account cancellation    

This Depositor applies for the modification of the aforementioned bank account content; make the commitment that account opening information provided is true and valid.   

Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (seal)    
 
  Audit opinion of opening bank:   

Handle by (signature):   
     
  Anshan Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (seal)    
 
  Audit opinion of People's Bank:   
  Handle by (signature):     

Depositor (signature and seal)   
  DD/MM/YYYY   
  Sealed by Wei Guohua    
 
  Opening bank (signature and seal)   
  DD/MM/YYYY    
 
  People's Bank (signature and seal)   
  DD/MM/YYYY      
  Instructions for filling in the form:   
  1. Fill the options with bracket by " ".   
  2. This application form is in triplicate, each for Depositor, opening bank and local sub-branch of People's Bank of China holding.   

The first copy: kept by account-opening unit   
   Application of Opening Unit Bank Settlement Account    

Depositor name    
 
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
 
  Tel:    
 
  0310-5557759    

Address:    
 
  North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu'an Town, Wu'an County, Handan City, Hebei Province;    
 
  Postal code    
 
  056000    

Depositor category    
 
  Limited Liability Company    
 
  Organization code    
 
  596827470   
 
  Validity period: May 7, 2018     

Legal representative ()    
 
  Name    
 
  Wei Guohua    
 
  Certificate type    
 
  ID card     

ID No.    
 
  130481197806110059   
 
  ID expiry date    
 
  April 22, 2029     

Unit head ()    
 
  Name    

Certificate type    

ID No.    

ID expiry date    
 
  DD/MM/YYYY     

Agent ()    
 
  Name    

Certificate type    

ID No.    

ID expiry date    
 
  DD/MM/YYYY     

Controlling shareholder ()      
 
  Name    

Certificate type    

Actual controller ()  
 
  ID No.    

ID expiry date    
 
  DD/MM/YYYY     

Industry classification    
 
  A(   )   
 
  B(   )   
 
  C(   )   
 
  D(   )   
 
  E(   )   
 
  F(   )   
 
  G(   )   
 
  H(   )   
 
  I(   )   
 
  J(   )    

K(   )   
 
  L(   )   
 
  M(   )   
 
  N(   )   
 
  O(   )   
 
  P(   )   
 
  Q(   )   
 
  R(   )   
 
  S(   )   
 
  T(   )    

Registered capital    
 
  RMB Two Hundred Million Only    

Area code    

Business scope    
 
  The scientific research, development and production, technical service and support in the fields of nanotechnology and energy storage system; Batter materials (exclusive...)     

Type of documentary evidence    
 
  Business license    
 
  Documentary evidence number    
 
  91130481596827470T   
 
  Validity period: May 7, 2018     

Valid until (DD/MM/YYYY)     

Tax Registration Certificate (national / government tax) No.    
 
  130481596827470   

Organization credit code    
 
  G10130481000717169   
 
  Valid until (DD/MM/YYYY)     

Affiliated enterprise:    
 
  Fill information of affiliated enterprises in the "Registration Form of affiliated enterprise".     

Nature of account    
 
  Basic (     )    
 
  General (     )    
 
  Special (     )    
 
  Temporary (     )     

Fund property    

The temporary deposit account will valid until    
 
  DD/MM/YYYY      

Information about superior legal person or competent unit of Depositor are shown as follows:      

Name of Superior legal person or competent unit    

Grant No. of account opening license for basic deposit account    

Organization code    

Legal representative ()     
 Unit head ()  

Name    

Certificate type   

ID expiry date    
 
  DD/MM/YYYY     

ID No.    

The following columns shall be filled by the opening bank after review:   

The Depositor applies for the settlement account number of the account opening bank and promised that the provided account information is real and effective.   
  Depositor (official Seal)   
     
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (seal)    
 
  Audit opinion of opening bank:   
  Handle by (signature and seal):   
  Bank (Signature and seal)   
     
  ____________DD/MM/YYYY   
  Anshan Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (seal)    
 
  Audit opinion of People's Bank:   
  (except for the non-approved accounts)   
  Handle by (signature and seal):   
  People's Bank(signature and seal)     

November 16, 2015   
  Sealed by Wei Guohua   
 
  MM/YYYY           seal    
 
  MM/YYYY           seal      
     
  Filling explanation:   
  1. The valid date must be written to apply for opening the temporary deposit account; the fund property must be written to apply for opening the special deposit account.   
  2. The industrial standard is published by the bank in the business premises. The industry category represented by each letter in "industry classification" is as follows: A: Agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery; B: Mining; C: Manufacturing industry; D: Electricity, fuel gas and water production and supply industry; E: Construction industry; F: Transportation, warehousing and postal services; G: Data transmission, computer services and software industry; H: Wholesale and retail industry; I: Lodging and catering industry; J: Financial services; K: Real estate industry; L: Lease and commercial service industry; M: Scientific research, technical service and address exploration industry; N: Water, environment and public facilities management industry; O: Resident services and other services; P: Education industry; Q: Health, social security and social welfare; R: Culture, education and entertainment industry; S: Public management and social organization T: Other industry   
  3. Fill the options with bracket by " ".   
  4. This application form is in triplicate, each for account-opening unit, opening bank and local sub-branch of People's Bank of China holding.   

Agreement No.: __________   
     
   Discount Agreement of Bank Acceptance Bill    
     
  Party A (Buyer) is Anshan Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.   
     
  Party B (Seller) is Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   
     
  According to  Negotiable Instruments Law of the People's Republic of China  and stipulations in other laws and regulations, and based on the principles of equity, voluntariness, integrity and credibility, Party A and Party B reach the following articles to be obeyed and executed together after the full negotiation.   
     
   Article 1      Discount amount and shares    
     
  Party B shall provide (In Words)  Two  (In Figures:  2 ) bank acceptance bills with the total face amount of (in words) RMB Ten Million Only, (in figures) RMB 10,000,000.00, to apply to Party A for handling the discount;   
     
  After Checking, Party A Shall Agree To Handle the Discount for the Aforementioned (In Words)  Two  (In Figures:  2 ) Bank Acceptance Bills with the Total Face Amount of (In Words) RMB Ten Million Only, (In Figures) RMB 10,000,000.00.   
     
   Article 2      Party A and Party B agree:    
     
  The discount interest rate shall be  3.312 %; the actual transfer amount shall be (in figures)  RMB 9,832,560.00 , with the interest of (in figures)  RMB 167,440.00 .   
     
   Article 3      Rights and obligations of Party A and Party B:    
     
  1. If the accepting bank refuses to accept the bank acceptance bill provided by Party A under this Agreement, Party A will recourse Party B according to  Negotiable Instruments Law of the People's Republic of China  and other relevant laws and regulations as well as Article 5 under this Agreement.   
     
  2. The amount of discount handled after checked and agreed by Party A shall be transferred on the current day, and the amount shall be remitted to the bank account designated by Party B according to the transmit way chosen by both parties during the reasonable period;   
     
  The bank account designated by Party B is:   
     
  Account name:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.                                               ;  
     
  Opening bank:  Business Department of Anshan Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.  ;          
     
  Account No.:  265312010105947793                                                                                           ;  
     
  3. If Party A violates the stipulation in Paragraph 2 of this article, Party B shall be entitled to require Party A to return the default bills;   
     
  4. Party B shall guarantee that acquisition of the bill under this Agreement confirms to the  Law of Negotiable Instrument  and the stipulations in the relevant laws; The bank acceptance bill and all the data provided by it shall be legal, true and valid, and Party B shall be responsible for any loss caused due to inconformity with the aforementioned matters;   

Article 4      Liability for Breach of Contract:    
     
  Either Party A or Party B shall compensate the other party for the loss due to failure to perform the obligations stipulated in the agreement.   
     
   Article 5      Recourse and calculation of the delayed interest:    
     
  Party A shall have the right of recourse to Party B under each bank acceptance bill of which the discount is handled by Party A for Party B. Party A should notify Party B of the matters of payment refusal in writing; Party B should guarantee to transfer the draft amount and delayed interest of the payment refused (the draft amount shall be calculated according to the interest rate stipulated by People's Bank of China from the due date or presentment for pay day to the liquidation day) to the account designated by Party A within 3 working days from the second day after receiving the written recourse notice, and should get back the bill after Party A receives the aforementioned amount.   
     
   Article 6 Way of Dispute Settlement    
     
  The matters uncovered in this Agreement can be settled by both parties' friendly negotiation or litigation; if the litigation is adopted, the legal proceedings shall be instituted in the People's Count in the place where Party A is located.   
     
   Article 7 Validation of the agreement    
     
  The text of this Agreement is in duplicate, and it will take effect from the date when Party A's and Party B's legal representatives (person in charge) or their authorized agents sign or seal the official seal on it. Each party holds one copy with the same legal effects.   
     
   Article 8 Others agreed on by both parties:    
     
  _________________________________________________________________________________ __________________________________________________________ 
   _________________________________________________________________________________ __________________________________ ________________________ 
    _________________________________________________________________________________ __________________________________________________________ 

Party A: Anshan Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd.    
 
  Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.     

(Seal)      

Financial Market Department of Anshan Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (Seal)    
 
  (seal)      

Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (seal)     

Legal Representative (or person in charge):   

Sealed by Wei Lixin    
 
  Legal representative:   

Sealed by Wei Guohua    

November 16, 2015    
 
  November 16, 2015      

Bill Discounting Business List    

</EX-10.42>

<EX-10.43>
 12
 ex10-43.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.43
 
   ex10-43.htm 

Exhibit 10.43   
        
  No.:  xd201605063389    

Current Capital Loan Contract       

Lender:  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan Co., Ltd.    
     
  Person in charge:  Wang Qingbo       Contact person: ___________   
     
  Domicile (address):  Intersection of Kuangjian Road and Guangming Street in Wu'an City         
     
  Postal code: ____________   
     
  Tel.: ___________      Fax: __________      E-mail: _____________   
     
  Borrower:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
     
  Legal representative:  Wei Guohua       Contact person: ____________   
     
  Domicile (address):  North Dongzhuchang Village, Wu'an City        
     
  Postal code: _____________   
     
  Tel. ____________      Fax: __________      E-mail: ______________   
     
  The Borrower and the Lender came to an agreement in terms of the Lender issuing loans to the Borrower and hereby signed this Contract through equal negotiation.   
     
   Article 1           Loan purpose    
     
  Loans under this Contract shall be used for the following purpose, and the Borrower shall not use it for other purpose without the written consent from the Lender. The Lender shall be entitled to supervise use of the loan.   
     
  Loan purpose:  Purchases                                                                
     
   Article 2           Loan amount and term    
     
  2.1 The currency of loan under this Contract is in  CNY , with the amount of (in figures)  RMB 35 million , (in words)  RMB Thirty Five Million Only  (the amount in words shall prevail when the amount in words and in figures is different)   
     
  2.2 The loan term under this Contract is  five months  from the effective withdrawal date (from the first effective withdrawal date in case of installment withdrawal), and the effective withdrawal date is subject to the IOU.   
     
   Article 3           Interest rate, interests and expenditure    
     
  3.1 Loan interest rate of RMB shall be determined according to Method  (1) :   
     
  (1)      Fixed interest rate, annual interest rate is  3.99    , the interest rate is unchanged within the validity period of the contract.   
     
  (2)      Floating interest rate shall be determined based on the benchmark interest rate plus the floating range, where the benchmark interest rate ______________ (withdrawal date/effectiveness date of the contract), the benchmark loan interest rate announced by the People's Bank of China equivalent to the corresponding level of the loan term as agreed in Article 2.2. Fluctuation range is (rise/drop) __________ %, and fluctuation shall keep unchanged within the contract period. After the Borrower draws the money, the benchmark interest rate is taken _________ (1/3/6/12) month(s) as one installment. Adjustment shall be made for each installment, and interest shall be calculated in stages. The fixed date of the interest rate of the Instalment II shall be the corresponding date when the withdrawal date reaches the expiration of one installment. In the case that the current month excludes the date corresponding to the withdrawal date, the last day of this month shall be the corresponding date, and other installments shall follow the same way accordingly. In case that the Borrower withdraws the money in several times, it shall be implemented according to current loan interest rate determined on the fixed date for the interest rate of this phrase regardless of withdrawal times within the first installment. And adjustment shall be made in the next phrase at the same time.   
     
  (3)       Other items : ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  
     
  3.2 The interest rate of the loan this Contract shall be calculated from the actual withdrawal date and the interest settlement shall be conducted by  month    (month/quarter/semi-annual). The principal and interest shall be paid off upon expiration of the loan. Wherein, daily interest rate = annual interest rate /360.   

-2-

3.3 Overdue penalty interest rate under this Contract shall be determined by an additional  50 % of the original loan interest rate, and the default interest rate due to misappropriation shall be determined by an additional  100 % of the original loan interest rate.   
     
  3.4 In the case that loans under this Contract is adopted with the floating interest rate, so adjustment rules of interest rate after the loan is overdue shall be conducted according to the original mode.   
     
  3.5 In that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted monthly, then the expiry date for interest is 20th of every month; in that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted quarterly, then the expiry date for interest is 20th of last month in every quarter; in that case that the interest settlement of loans is conducted semi-annually, then the expiry date for interest is June 20 and December 20 of every year;   
     
  3.6 The first interest period is from the date actual withdrawal by the Borrower to the first expiry date for interest; the last interest period is from the next date at the end of the previous interest period to the final repayment date; the remaining interest periods are is from the next date at the end of the previous interest period to the next expiry date for interest.   
     
  3.7  Where the People's Bank of China adjusts the loan interest rate to determine the way, it shall be handled with according to the relevant provisions of the People's Bank of China, and the Borrower shall not further be informed by the Lender.    
     
   Article 4           Loan release and payment    
     
  4.1 The Borrower shall withdraw money from the loan according to the actual demands, in which the first loan must be withdrawn before  May 30, 2016 , and the last loan must be withdrawn before  June 10, 2016 , otherwise the Lender shall be entitled to cancel all or part of the loan  (this article is not applicable to the circular loan).    
     
  4.2 Actual withdrawal date and repayment date shall be subject to date recorded on IOU handled by both parties of the Borrower and Lender. The withdrawal voucher of IOU and loan is an integral part of this Contract, except for the mentioned date, other information in this Contract shall prevail if other recording matters are inconsistent with that in this Contract.  
     
  4.3 The following preconditions must be met when the Borrower draws loan, otherwise the Lender is not obliged to grant any money to the Borrower, unless the Lender agrees to release the loan in advance:   
     
  (1)      In addition to the fiduciary loan, the Borrower has provided a corresponding guarantee and has completed the relevant guarantee procedures as required by the Lender;   
     
  (2)      There is no default under this Contract or under other contracts signed by the Borrower and Lender;   
     
  (3)      The proof for the loan purpose provided shall be consistent with usage as agreed.   
     
  4.4 The written document provided by the Borrower upon the withdrawal to the Lender shall be the original; in the case that the original copy cannot be provided, copies stamped with the Borrower's official seal are allowed with the consent of the Lender.   
     
  4.5 In the case of applying for withdrawal, the Borrower shall submit the withdrawal notice to the Lender at least 5 banking days in advance. The withdrawal notice upon submission shall not be cancelled without written consent of the Lender.   
     
  4.6 After the Borrower meets the precondition of withdrawal or the loan is released in advance with the consent of the Lender, the Lender shall deposit the loan into assigned account of the Borrower. Then it shall be deemed as that the Lender has been released the loan to the Borrower according to this Contract.   

-3-

4.7 The loan over a certain amount or in line with certain conditions in accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements and management requirements of the Lender, the Borrower shall use the entrusted payment mode, and the Lender shall pay the loan to the subject of such loan as agreed in this Contract based on the Borrower's withdrawal application and agency payment. For this purpose, the Borrower shall sign a separate agency payment agreement with the Lender as an appendix to this Contract, and shall open an account at the Lender's or designate a special account to handle the entrusted payment.   
     
   Article 5           Repayment    
     
  5.1 The main sources of fund that the Borrower used to repay principal and interest of the loan under this Contract are from but not limited to:   
     
  (1)       Sales revenue and profit    
     
  (2)       All available assets    
     
  5.2 The Borrower shall repay the loan under this Contract according to the following method  (1) :   
     
  (1)      The loan shall be repaid at one time once mature.   
     
  (2)      Amortize according to the following repayment plan (another page can be attached if there is more information):   

Planned date of repayment    
 
  Planned repayment amount (RMB 10,000)     

Blank below    
 
  Blank below     

-4-

5.3 In the event that one of the following circumstances occurs to the loan under this Contract, the Borrower shall repay the loan immediately after the corresponding funds are in place, thus leading to the advance repayment, the Borrower shall not pay the compensation:     
  _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  
  _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________   
     
  5.4  If the Borrower makes advance repayment, he shall pay compensation to the Lender according to ______% of the repayment amount, except for circumstances as agreed in Article 5.3.    
     
  5.5 The Borrower shall repay in full the loan principal and interest and other payables on time as agreed in this Contract. The Borrower, 1 banking day before the repayment date and each expiry date for interest, shall deposit the current loan principal and interest and other payables in the account opened thereby at the Lender's. And the Lender s shall be entitled to actively deduct such payment on the said repayment date or interest settlement date, or require the Borrower to provide cooperation in the related deduction. If the money in the repayment account is insufficient to pay all mature payable of the Borrower, the Lender shall be entitled to decide the liquidation order of repayment.   
     
  5.6 In the case that the Borrower applies for early repayment of all or part of the loan, he shall submit a written application to the Lender before 10 banking days, acquired approval from the Lender, and pay compensation to the Lender in accordance with the standards as stipulated in this Contract.   
     
  5.7 In the event that the Lender agrees to the early repayment, the Borrower shall pay the due loan principal and interest and other payables as agreed in this Contract from the advance repayment date to the early repayment date.   
     
   5.8 The Lender shall be entitled to collect the loan in advance according to Borrower's capital collection condition  .      
     
   5.9 If there is any shortening of the actual loan term caused by the advance repayment by the Borrower or early withdrawal of the loan by the Lender as agreed in this Contract, then the corresponding interest rate level shall not be adjusted and be subject to the original loan interest rate.    
     
   Article 6           Special agreement on the circular loan  (optional clause, this article is     applicable or     inapplicable)   
     
  6.1 Loans under this Contract can be recycled. The loan amount and loan term cited in Article 2 are the borrowing limit and service period of the circular loan; wherein, the limit and the period shall be circulated from the effective date of this Contract.   
     
  6.2 In addition to the interest, the Borrower shall also pay the Lender the commitment fee. Commitment charge shall be paid according to the following way of _________:   
     
  (1)      Based on ___________% of the borrowing limit of circular loan, and payment shall be settled to the Lender at one time when this Contract comes into force.   
     
  (2)      After this Contract comes into force, related payment shall be settled to the Lender in times on 20 th  of each _____ (month/quarter /year), according to the balance between the circular loan amount and withdrawn loan of the Borrower, and _____% annual rate, until the expiration date of service period of circular loan limit.   
     
  (3)      _________________________________________________________________________ ________________________________________________________________________ 
     
  6.3 In case that the loan under this Contract can be recycled, then the sum of the loan balance of the Borrower shall not exceed the circulated loan amount at any time within the service period of circular loan limit; the loan term of the Borrower's each withdrawing is from the actual withdrawal date to the agreed repayment date, and date recorded on the IOU shall prevail. The repayment date of any loans shall not exceed the service period of circular loan limit.   

-5-

6.4 The loan under this Contract can be used circularly. If the Borrower fails to draw the money for consecutive 3 months since the signing date of this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to cancel the circular loan limit.   
     
   Article 7           Guarantee    
     
  7.1 Besides the fiduciary loan, the Borrower, inters of his fulfillment of the obligation under this Contract, shall provide legal and valid guarantee approved by the Lender. The guarantee contract shall be separately signed.   
     
  7.2 The loan under this Contract is  guaranteed  (fiduciary/guaranteed) loan.   
     
  7.3 If the loan under this Contract is the guaranteed one, then the guarantee mode shall be  the pledge guarantee with the deposit receipt of unit .   
     
  In the event that the related guarantee is maximum guarantee, the corresponding maximum guarantee contract is as follows:   
     
  Name of maximum guarantee contract: _______________      (No.: _____________)   
     
  Guarantor (Pledgor, Mortgager): ______________________________________________   
     
  7.4 In case of damage, devaluation, property right dispute, distrain or attachment of the pledged object which are arising from this Contract, or the Mortgager's disposal of the collateral without authorization, or adverse changes in the financial condition of the Guarantor providing guarantee or other changes not conducive to the Lender's Creditor's rights, then the Borrower shall promptly notify the Lender, and provide separately other guarantees approved by the Lender.   
     
  7.5 In the case that the loan under this Contract has the accounts receivable as the pledge guarantee, and one of the following circumstances happens during the validity period of this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to declare the early maturity of the loan, to require the Borrower to repay promptly part or all of the loan principal and interest immediately, or to seek the legitimate, effective and full-amount additional guarantee acceptable by the Lender:   
     
  (1)      The bad debt rate of the Pledgor of the accounts receivable relative to the accounts receivable of the payer rises for two consecutive months;   
     
  (2)      The expired and un-reclaimed receivables of the Pledgor for the receivables to the Payer takes up more than _______% of the receivables balance of the Payer;   
     
  (3)      The accounts receivable may not be paid on time due to the trade dispute (including but not limited to the dispute about quality, technology and service) or dispute over obligation between the accounts receivable Pledgor and the payer or other third party.   
     
   Article 8           Financial agreement (optional clause, applicable to Article         not applicable to Article        )    
     
  During the validity period of this Contract, the Borrower shall comply with the following agreements on the financial indicators:     
  _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________   
  _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________      
       
   Article 9           Account management    
     
  9.1 The Borrower shall designate the special capital collection account at the Lender for collecting corresponding sales revenue or planned repayment fund. If corresponding sales revenue is settled in the non-cash mode, the Borrower shall ensure to transfer the capital to the capital collection account after receiving the money.   
     
  9.2 The Lender shall be entitled to supervise the capital collection account, including but not limited to the understanding and supervision of the capital incomings and outgoings of the account, and the Borrower shall offer cooperation. The Borrower shall sign a special account supervision agreement with the Lender upon the request of the Lender.   

-6-

Article 10           Representation and warranty    
     
   The Borrower shall make the following statement and guarantee to the Lender to keep valid within the validity period of this Contract.    
     
  10.1 It shall have the legal entity as the Borrower and shall have the qualification and capacity of signing and performing this Contract.   
     
  10.2 All necessary authorizations or approval are obtained upon the signing of this Contract. Signing and performance of the contract shall not violate the provisions of the company's rules and relevant laws and regulations and is not contradicted to other obligations under this Contract.   
     
  10.3 Other debts payable shall be repaid as scheduled without malicious default of bank loan principal and interest.   
     
  10.4 It has sound organizational structure and financial management system, and has no major violation of disciplines in the process of production and management in the most recent year, and its current senior management has no significant adverse records.   
     
  10.5 All the documents and information provided to the Lender are true, accurate, complete and effective, without false records, material omissions or misleading representation.   
     
  10.6 The financial accounting report provided to the Lender is prepared based on the  Chinese Accounting Standard  and reflects the operating conditions and liabilities of the Borrower truthfully, fairly and completely. The financial condition of the Borrower has no major unfavorable changes since the closing date of the latest financial accounting report.   
     
  10.7 Fail to conceal litigation, arbitration or lawsuit involved the Borrower to the Lender.   
     
   Article 11           Commitment by Borrower    
     
   11.1     The loan shall be withdrawn and used according to the period and purpose as agreed in this Contract, and shall not go to the security market, futures market or used for other purposes prohibited or restricted by the relevant laws and regulations, in any form.    
     
   11.2    The loan principal and interest and other payables shall be repaid in accordance with this Contract.   
     
   11.3     The Lender shall inspect and supervise the loan using condition as well as the purpose in the modes of account analysis, voucher checking and field investigation based on the acceptance and actively cooperation. The loan using condition shall be reported periodically according to the requirement of the Lender.    
     
  11.4 It shall accept the credit check from the Lender, provides upon request of the Lender the financial accounting information like balance sheet and income statement and other information reflecting the debt paying ability of the Borrower, and assist and cooperate with the Lender in investigation, understanding and supervision of its production and management and financial position.   
     
   11.5 Dividend and bonus shall not be distributed in any form before the loan principal and interest and other payables under this Contract are paid off without the written consent from the Lender.    
     
   11.6 Merge, discretion, capital reduction, stock right transfer, material assets, assignment of debt, major foreign investment, substantial increase of debt financing and other behaviors that may result in unfavorable influence on the Lender's benefit can proceed only when obtaining the written consent from the Lender in advance or the arrangement for the Creditor's rights of the Lender is satisfactory to the Lender.    
     
  11.7 When the following situations occur, the Borrower shall timely give notice to the Lender:   
     
  (1)      The modification of articles of association, business scope, registered capital and legal representative;   

-7-

(2)      Discontinuation of business, dissolution, liquidation, business suspension for rectification, business license being revoked and revocation or bankruptcy application (applied);   
     
  (3)      Significant economic disputes, lawsuit, arbitration involved or may be involved, or the property is sealed up, distrained or supervised in accordance with the law;   
     
  (4)      The shareholders, directors and the current senior management staff get involved in major cases or economic disputes;   
     
  11.8 It shall disclose to the Lender the relationships of the related parties and the related transactions in a timely, comprehensive and accurate manner.   
     
  11.9 It shall sign for the notices sent by the Lender or served in other forms.   
     
  11.10 The Borrower shall not dispose its own assets by reducing its debt paying ability. Guarantee for not damaging the rights of Lender to the third party.   
     
  11.11 In the event that the loan under this Contract is issued based on the credit, it shall report periodically to the external guarantee to the Lender in a complete, true, accurate manner and sign the account escrow agreement in accordance with the requirements of the Lender. External guarantee may affect the performance of its obligations under this Contract, which must obtain the Lender's written consent.   
     
   11.12 The cost arising from the conclusion and performance of this Contract and the cost paid and to be paid for realizing the Lender's rights under the contract shall be borne, including but not limited to the lawsuit or arbitration fees, property preservation fees, counsel fee, execution fees, valuation fees, auction fee and advertising fees.    
     
  11.13 The liquidation order of the debts under this Contract is prior to the Creditor's debts to its shareholders, and is at least equivalent to other similar debts of the Borrower.   
     
   Article 12           Commitment by Lender    
     
  12.1 Issue the loan to the Borrower according to agreement of this Contract.   
     
  12.2 Except for the non-public data and information privacy provided by the Borrower unless otherwise stipulated by the laws and regulations and agreed by this Contract.   
     
   Article 13           Breach of contract    
     
  13.1 When one of the following situations occurs, it shall constitute the breach of contract of the Borrower:   
     
  (1)      The Borrower fails to pay the loan principal and interest and other payables according to the agreement or perform any other obligations under this Contract or violate the statement, guarantee or commitment under this Contract;   
     
  (2)      Guarantees change against the Lender's Creditor's rights of loans under this Contract, and the Borrower fails to provide a new guarantee recognized by the Lender;   
     
  (3)      The Borrower fails to liquidate other due debts (including declared to become due in advance) or fails to perform or violate other obligations under this Contract, which influence or may influence the performance of the obligation under this Contract;   
     
  (4)      The financial indexes such as profitability, debt paying ability, operation ability and cash flow of the Borrower break through the agreed standard or have deteriorated that have influenced or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (5)      Material adverse changes happen to the Borrower's equity structure, production and management, foreign investment, etc., which have affected or may affect the performance of its obligations under this Contract;   

-8-

(6)      The Borrower is or may be involved in major economic disputes, lawsuit, arbitration, the assets are closed down, detained or enforced, put on the record by the judiciary authorities or administrative body for investigation, subject to punitive measures by laws, violate relevant national regulations or policies or influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (7)      The abnormal changing and disappearing of main investor's individual and key management personnel of Borrower or subject to investigation or personal freedom limit of judiciary authorities by laws influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (8)      The Borrower takes advantage of the false contracts with the related parties, takes advantage of the transactions without actual transaction background for arbitrage of cash or credit from the Lender, or takes advantage of the related transactions to escape from the Creditor's rights of the Lender;   
     
  (9)      The Borrower has been or may be in the conditions of discontinuation of business, dissolution, liquidation, business suspension for rectification, business license being revoked, and revocation or bankruptcy application (applied);   
     
  (10)     The liability accidents of Borrower due to the violation of relevant laws and regulation, supervision, regulation or industrial standard have influenced or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (11)     If the loan under this Contract is issued in the credit mode, indexes such as the credit rating, profitability, asset liability ratio, business activities and net cash flow of the Borrower do not conform to the credit loan conditions of the Lender; or the Borrower, without the written consent from the Lender, conducts mortgage/pledge guarantee or provides guarantee to others with own valid operating assets, which influence or may influence the performance of obligations under this Contract;   
     
  (12)     There are other circumstances that may cause the Lender's realization of the Creditor's rights under this Contract to be adversely affected.   
     
   13.2 In the case of the breach of contract by the Borrower, the Lender shall be entitled to take one or more of the following measures:    
     
   (1)          Require the Borrower to correct his default behavior within the limit time;    
     
   (2)          Stop issuing loans and other financing payments to the Borrower in accordance with this Contract and other contracts between the Lender and the Borrower, and cancel part or all of the loan and other financing payments not withdrawn by the Borrower;    
     
   (3)        Declare due immediately of the loan and other financing payments not withdrawn under this Contract and other contracts between the Lender and the Borrower, and immediate withdrawal of the outstanding payments;    
     
   (4)        Require the Borrower to compensate for the losses caused by the Lender due to his breach of contract;    
     
   (5)        Other measures specified by the laws and regulations, agreed in this Contract or deemed necessary by the Lender.    
     
  13.3 In the case that the Borrower fails to repay the loan as agreement when it is due (including it is declared to be due immediately), the Lender shall be entitled to collect interest penalty from the date it is overdue as per the penalty interest rate agreed in this Contract. For interest that cannot be paid on time by the Borrower, compound interest shall be calculated and collected according to overdue penalty interest rate.   
     
  13.4 In the event that the Borrower fails to use the loan for the purposes agreed in this Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to collect default interests for the part of loan misappropriated according to the interest penalty agreed in this Contract. And for interests not paid on time during misappropriation period, compound interests shall be calculated and collected according to the penalty interest rate for peculated loan.   

-9-

13.5 The Borrower has the aforementioned situations listed in Article 13.3 and 13.4, the penalty interest rate shall take the highest as the standard and not be imposed concurrently.   
     
   13.6 If the Borrower fails to repay the principal and the interest (including interest penalty and compound interest) of the loan or other payables on schedule, then the Lender shall be entitled to announce for the collection through the media.    
     
  13.7 If there is any change of the controlling or controlled relationship between Borrower and his related parties or the related parties of the Lender encounter the other situations (the aforementioned situations in the items of (1) and (2) of Article 13.1 excluded), which has affected or may affect the Borrower to perform his obligations under this Contract, then the Lender shall be entitled to take various measures agreed in this Contract.   
     
   Article 14           Deduction    
     
   14.1 If the Borrower fails to repay the due (including the one declared to be due immediately) debt as agreed in this Contract, then the Lender shall be entitled to deduct the corresponding amount from all local foreign currency accounts that are opened in the Lender or other branches of the Lender by the Lender for the liquidation till the Borrower repays all the loan under this Contract.    
     
   14.2 If the currency of funds deducted is different from that agreed in this Contract, it shall be converted as per the adapted exchange rate available to the Lender on the deduction date.   The interests and other expenses from deduction date and liquidation day     (the day when the Lender converts deducting fund to contractual currency based on management policies of state foreign exchange and actually liquidate debts under this Contract) and the difference incurred due to exchange rate fluctuation in the period shall be borne by the Borrower.    
     
   14.3 If deductions by the Lender are not sufficient to pay off all debts of the Borrower, then the Lender shall be entitled to decide the liquidation order.    
     
   Article 15           Assignment of rights and obligations    
     
  15.1 The Lender shall be entitled to transfer parts or all rights under this Contract to the third party, and the transfer behavior of the Lender is no need to get the approval of the Borrower. Without the written consent from the Lender, the Borrower cannot transfer the rights and obligations under this Contract.   
     
  15.2 The Lender can authorize or entrust other branches to perform the rights and obligations under this Contract according to the operating management need or transfer the loan credit rights under this Contract to other branches for management, and the aforementioned behaviors of Lender are no need to get the approval of the Borrower if the latter agrees. Other branches, undertaking the rights and obligations of the Lender, shall be entitled to exercise all rights under this Contract, make lawsuit, arbitration or an application for compulsory execution to the court for the dispute under this Contract in the name of the relevant institution.   
     
   Article 16           Effectiveness, modification and termination    
     
  16.1 This Contract comes into effect from the signing date till the fully performance date of obligations by the Borrower under this Contract.   
     
  16.2 The modification of this Contract must be agreed by both parties and determined by written forms. The article or agreement altered is a part of this Contract and shall assume the same legal force with this Contract. Besides the part altered, other parts of this Contract remain their validity; and original articles hold the validity before effectiveness of changed part.   
     
  16.3 Any modification or termination of this Contract shall not affect the claim rights to either party. The termination of this Contract shall not infringe the effectiveness of resolution of related disputes.   

-10-

Article 17           The application of laws and the dispute resolution    
     
  The conclusion of this Contract, its validity, interpretation, execution and settlement of disputes shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. All disputes arising from or relevant to this Contract shall be solved through negotiation of both parties or in this Contract agreement mode if fail through negotiation.   
     
   Article 18            Notice    
     
  18.1 All notices under this Contract shall be released in written forms. Unless otherwise stipulated, the addresses specified by both parties in this Contract shall be used for communication and contact. Any change of either party's communication address or other contract ways shall promptly inform the other party in written forms.   
     
  18.2 If any party of this Contract refuse to receive or there are other delivery failure situations, the notifying party can adopt notarization or announcement for delivery.   
     
   Article 19            Other items    
     
  19.1 If the Lender hasn't performed, has partially performed or delayed in performing any rights under this Contract, it shall not be counted as abandonment or alteration of such right or any other rights, and this shall not influence further exertion of such right or other relevant rights.   
     
  19.2 Any invalid or unenforceable term of this Contract shall not affect the validity and enforceability of other terms, and not affect the validity of the whole contract.   
     
  19.3 The Lender, bases on the provisions by the related laws and regulations or the requirements by financial regulatory agency, shall be entitled to provide information related to this Contract and other information of the Borrower to the credit reporting system of the People's Bank of China and other credit information databases established by law, which shall be applied for suitably qualified organizations or individuals' queries and use. The Lender shall also be entitled to check Borrower's related information through the credit reporting system of the People's Bank of China and other credit information databases established by law, in order to ensure the conclusion and performance of this Contract.   
     
  19.4 The " related parties", "Relations of related parties", "Transactions of related parties", "Main individual investors", "Key managers" and other terms mentioned in this Contract have the same meaning with those in  No.36 of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises -- Disclosure of Associated Parties  (C.K. [2006] No. 3) published by the Finance Department and its amendments from time to time.   
     
   19.5 The Lender shall formulate and keep all documents and evidences of the loan under this Contract in line with business rules to constitute effective proof certifying debtor-Creditor relationship of both parties which is binding to the Borrower.    
     
  19.6 In this Contract, matters mentioned in (1) shall include the modification or supplement of the contract; (2) the topic of clause is only for reference, shall not constitute any interpretation for this Contract and has no limit to the content and its scope under the topic.   
     
   Article 20            Dispute settlement    
     
  The way of dispute resolution under this Contract is subject to the following way of  (2) :   
     
  (1)      The dispute is submitted to the _________ arbitration committee for arbitration in _______ (arbitration location) according to the valid arbitration rules when submitting the arbitration application. The arbitral decision decides the final result and has binding on both parties.   
     
  (2)      It shall be solved with the local court of the Lender through lawsuit.   
     
   Article 21            Other items    
     
  21.1 This Contract is in  duplicate , the Borrower and the Lender hold  one  copy respectively with the same legal force.   

-11-

21.2 The following appendixes are considered as the indivisible constituent parts of this Contract in company with other appendixes which are jointly confirmed by both parties, hence, they have the same legal forces with this Contract:   
     
  Appendix 1: Withdrawal Application   
     
  Appendix 2:   
     
  Appendix 3:   
     
   Article 22            Other matters agreed by both parties.    
     
    Article 5.4 shall be temporarily suspended.     
     
    I have read all terms of the contract carefully already and fully understand the contract content.     
     
    The lawsuit shall be in the jurisdiction of the court where the Lender locates.     

-12-

Both parties shall acknowledge that:  Both parties have made full consultations for all articles in this Contract. The Lender has asked the Borrower to pay attention to all articles concerning rights and obligations of both parties and understand them completely and accurately, and interpreted and explained related articles upon request of the Borrower. The Borrower carefully reads and fully understands all terms of contract, the understanding of debit and credit parties for the contract terms is completely consistent without objection to the content of this Contract.   
     
   Lender  (official seal): _____________   
     
  Person in charge/authorized agent:        
     
  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan Co., Ltd. (seal)   

Borrower  (official seal):   
     
  Legal representative/authorized agent:      
     
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)   

Date of contract signing: May 6, 2016   

-13-

Appendix 1:   
     
   Withdrawal Application    
     
   Bank of Handan Co., Ltd.    
     
  According to the  Current Capital Loan Contract  (hereinafter referred to as the "Loan Contract") signed between us and your bank on  May 6, 2016  with the No. of  xd201605063389 , we have fully implemented the withdrawal preconditions agreed in the Loan Contract and put forward the following withdrawal application to your bank:   
     
  I. We propose to withdraw the loan with the amount of  RMB  (currency) (in words)  Thirty Five Million Only  from your bank on  May 6, 2016 .   
     
  II. The loan term is  5   months , with the maturity date on  September 16, 2016 .   
     
  III. Please transfer the loan to our following special bank account:   
     
  Account name:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
     
  Account No.:  866350100100082672    
     
  Opening bank:  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan    
     
  IV. According to the agreement of the  Loan Contract and Entrusted Payment Agreement,  the loan shall adopt     Entrusted payment by Lender     Independent payment by Borrower.   
     
  Under entrusted payment mode by the Lender, we authorize and entrust your bank to pay the loan after it is transferred to our account to following account of payment object meeting agreed purpose in the contract.   
     
  Account name: ______________________________________   
     
  Account No.: _______________________________________   
     
  Opening bank: ______________________________________   
     
   [If the loan need be paid to several payment objects at the same time, see appendix for list of payment objects and accounts.]    
     
  V. Our Company sincerely confirms the following items to your Bank:   
     
  1. The loan shall be used for the aims agreed in the Loan Contract;   
     
  2. On the issuing date of the application and the withdrawal date, all statements, guarantee and commitment made by us in the Loan Contract are true, accurate, complete and valid.   
     
  3. Up to the issuing date of this application, the production and business as well as the financial credit status of our Company have not occurred any material adverse change.   
     
  4. On the issuing date of the application, there is no breach or breach relevant to the Loan Contract or expected breach event under the Loan Contract, and we shall further confirm that no breach of contract occurs or exist on the withdrawal date.   
     
  5. After the Notice issued, it shall become irrevocable.   
     
  Borrower (Official Seal):   
  Legal representative/authorized agent:    
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)   
  Date:  May 6, 2016    

-14-

Appendix:   
     
   List of Payment Objects and Accounts    
     
   Payments object 1:    
     
  Account name: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Account No.: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Opening bank: _______________________________________________________________   
     
  Payment amount: ____________________________________________________________   
     
   Payments object 2:    
     
  Account name: ____________________________________________________________   
     
  Account No.: _____________________________________________________________   
     
  Opening bank: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Payment amount: ___________________________________________________________   
     
   Payments object 3:    
     
  Account name: _____________________________________________________________   
     
  Account No.: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Opening bank: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Payment amount: ___________________________________________________________   
     
   Payments object 4:    
     
  Account name: ____________________________________________________________   
     
  Account No.: ______________________________________________________________   
     
  Opening bank: _______________________________________________________________   
     
  Payment amount: _____________________________________________________________   
     
  Borrower: (Official Seal) ______________________________________   

-15-    

</EX-10.43>

<EX-10.44>
 13
 ex10-44.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.44
 
   ex10-44.htm 

Exhibit 10.44   

Pledge Contract of Rights    

Pledgor (Party A):  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.     
     
  Domicile (address): North Dongzhuchang Village, Wu'an City   
     
  Legal representative: Wei Guohua   

Pledgee (Party B):  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan Co., Ltd.      
     
  Domicile (address): Intersection of Kuangjian Road and Guangming Street in Wu'an City   
     
  Legal representative (person in charge): Wang Qingbo   

For ensuring the actual performance of the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Contract, No.  xd201605063389 , signed at ___ (YYYY) (hereinafter referred to as the Master Contract) by  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  (Borrower) and Party B under this Contract on  May 6, 2016 , Party A agrees to offer pledge guarantee to Party B. For specifying the rights and obligations of both parties, Party A and Party B reach an agreement through equal consultation to conclude this Contract in compliance with China's  Contract Law   ,  Guarantee Law  and relevant laws and regulations.   
     
   Article 1            Representations and Warranties of Party A    
     
  1.1 Party A is a complete, valid and legal owner of the pledged rights under this Contract or a business manager authorized by the state; there is no dispute for the pledged rights in terms of ownership or business management right under this Contract.   
     
  1.2 Party A is fully aware of the loan purpose of the Borrower in the Master Contract and willing to offer pledge guarantee to the Borrower under the Master Contract of its own free shall. All representations under this Contract are true.   
     
  1.3 The rights under this Contract can be pledged in compliance with the law; Pledge under this Contract shall not be subject to any limitations;   
     
   Article 2            Type and Amount of the Guaranteed Principal Creditor's Rights    
     
  2.1 The principal Creditor's rights guaranteed under this Contract is the loan issued by Party B in compliance with the Master Contract in the amount of RMB  Thirty Five Million .   
     
   Article 3            Term of Performance of Obligations by the Borrower in the Master Contract    
     
  3.1 The term of performance of obligations by the Borrower in the Master Contract is  5  months, from  May 6, 2016  to  September 16, 2016 . Any change shall be subject to the agreement in the Master Contract.   
     
   Article 4            Scope of Pledge Guarantee    
     
  4.1 The scope of pledge guarantee by Party A includes: principal of the loan, interest, interest penalty, compound interest, liquidated damages, compensation, storage expenses, expenses for realizing the pledge rights (including but not limited to court acceptance fees, lawyer's fees, property preservation fees, valuation fees, etc.) and all other payables under the Master Contract.   
     
   Article 5            Pledged Rights    
     
  5.1 See the  List of Pledged Rights  for detailed rights used for pledge under this Contract.   
     
  5.2 The value of the pledged rights agreed by Party A and Party B upon signing this Contract shall neither be deemed as the basis for appraisal when Party B disposes the right nor constitute any restrictions for Party B to exercise the pledge rights.   
     
   Article 6            Transfer of the Documents of the Pledged Rights    
     
  6.1 Party A shall deliver the documents of title and other relevant data of the pledged rights under this Contract to Party B for storage before  May 6, 2016 . Party B shall issue a certificate of acceptance to Party A after inspection.   
     
  6.2 After the Borrower performs the principal debts, Party B shall return the documents of title and other relevant data to Party A in time.   
     
   Article 7            Pledge Registration    
     
  7.1 In case that the pledge shall be registered in compliance with relevant laws and regulations, Party A and Party B shall handle the registration procedures for the right pledge in appropriate authorities within 15 days after the signing date of this Contract.   
     
  7.2 In case of any change occurring in the items of pledge registration and the registration needs to be modified in compliance with the law, Party A and Party B shall handle the procedures of modification registration in relevant Mortgagee registration authorities within 15 days after the change date of the registration items.   

-1-

Article 8            Realization of pledge right    
     
  8.1 Upon the expiration of the term of the performance of principal debts or occurrence of conditions for realizing pledge rights agreed by both parties, Party B is entitled to negotiate with Party A to convert the pledged property into money for compensating the debts owed by the Borrower in the Master Contract or auction off the pledge property, and the amount gained from selling the pledged property shall be used for compensation in priority.   
     
  8.2 If Party B disposes the rights in compliance with this Contract, Party A shall cooperate and shall not set up any obstacles.   
     
   Article 9            Liquidation before Expiration or Drawing    
     
  9.1 In case that the date of maturity or delivery of the documents of title such as negotiable securities, warehouse receipts, bill of lading under this Contract is due prior to the expiration date of the Master Contract, Party B can cash the documents or pick up the goods before the expiration date of the Master Contract and negotiate with Party A to pay off the guaranteed debts in advance with the amount gained from cashing the documents or picked-up goods or have the money escrowed by a third party agreed by both parties and the escrow expenses shall be covered by Party A.   
     
  9.2 With the consent of Party B, Party A can transfer the stocks under this Contract. But the amount gained from the transfer of the stocks shall be paid off the guaranteed debts in advance to Party B or escrowed by a third party agreed by both parties and the escrow expenses shall be covered by Party A.   
     
  9.3 With the consent of Party B, Party A can transfer or permit others to use the exclusive right to use trademarks, patent rights and property rights of publications under this Contract. But the transfer fees and the license fees gained from the transfer of the stocks shall be used to pay off the guaranteed debts in advance to Party B or escrowed by a third party agreed by both parties and the escrow expenses shall be covered by Party A.   
     
   Article 10            The rights and obligations of Party A    
     
  10.1 Party A shall cover all relevant expenses under this Contract, including but not limited to expenses for lawyer service, authentication, appraisal, registration, transfer, storage and lawsuits.   
     
  10.2 During the validity period of this Contract, without the consent of Party B, Party A shall not present, transfer or dispose in any form the rights under that Contract.   
     
  10.3 In case that the pledge rights suffer or are likely to suffer damage from any third parties, Party A is obliged to notice and assist Party B to be free from damage.   
     
  10.4 In case of any of the following situations, Party A shall notice Party B in writing:   
     
  10.4.1 Implement of contracting, lease, shareholding reform, joint operation, incorporation, merger and separation and joint venture and cooperation with foreign business;   
     
  10.4.2 Modification of business scope and registered capital and stock right transfer;   
     
  10.4.3 Existence of connected relationship and related transaction;   
     
  10.4.4 Deterioration of financial condition or involvement in major economic disputes;   
     
  10.4.5 Dispute of ownership of the pledged rights   
     
  10.4.6 It is subject to bankruptcy, discontinuation of business, dissolution, business suspension for rectification, business license being revoked or cancelled;   
     
  10.4.7 Changes of address, telephone number and legal representatives.   

-2-

10.5 In case of situations of 10.4.1 and 10.4.2, Party A shall notice Party B at least 30 days in advance; in case of other situations in preceding clauses, Party A shall notice Party B within 5 days after the events.   
     
  10.6 If Party B has transferred the principal Creditor's rights to a third person in compliance with the laws, Party A shall undertake the guarantee liabilities within the scope of the original pledge guarantee.   
     
  10.7 If Party B and the Borrower have reached an agreement to change the Master Contract, no need of the consent of Party A, Party A shall still undertake the liabilities within the scope of the pledge guarantee confirmed by this Contract except for extension and increasing the loan amount.   
     
  10.8 After the Borrower pays off all the debts under the Master Contract, Party A no longer undertakes any guarantee liabilities.   
     
   Article 11            Rights and Obligations of Party B    
     
  11.1 In case of any of the following situations, Party B can dispose the pledged properties in advance and be compensated in priority with gained amount:   
     
  11.1.1 Terminate the Master Contract according to the agreement of the Master Contract or legal provisions;   
     
  11.1.2 Recover loan in advance in accordance with other situations stipulated in the Master Contract and the Creditor's rights under the Master Contract have not been realized or fully realized.   
     
  11.2 Party B is entitled to require Party A to assist to prevent the damage of pledge rights from any third parties.   
     
  11.3 Party B is entitled to receive any interests arising from the pledge rights.   
     
  11.4 Party B has the obligations to well keep the documents of title.   
     
  11.5 When transferring the principal Creditor's rights in compliance with the laws within the validity period of this Contract, Party B shall notice Party A in time.   
     
  11.6 In case any balance left after paying off all the debts in the scope of the pledge guarantee under this Contract, Party B shall return it to Party A.   
     
   Article 12            Liability for Breach of Contract    
     
  12.1 If Party A has made false representations and statements in Article 1 under this Contract, which causes losses to Party B, Party A shall indemnify Party B.   
     
  12.2 After this Contract comes into effective, both Party A and Party B shall comprehensively perform the obligations stipulated in this Contract. Any party fails or partly fails to perform the obligations stipulated in this Contract shall assume related liabilities for breach of contract and indemnify the other party for losses caused herein.   
     
  12.3 In case of the invalidity of this Contract due to faults attributable to Party A, Party A shall assume the civil liabilities related to the faults.   
     
   Article 13            Execution, modification, cancellation and termination of the Contract    
     
  13.1 This Contract shall come into effect from the date of the documents of the pledged rights being transferred to Party B for occupation upon signed and sealed by both Party A and Party B. If the Contract needs to be registered in compliance with laws and regulations, it shall come into effect from the date of registration.   
     
  13.2 Validity period of this Contract shall be: from the effective date of this Contract to the liquidation date when the principal of the loan, interest, compound interest, liquidated damages, compensation, expenses for realizing the Creditor's rights and all other payables under the Master Contract are paid off.   

-3-

13.3  If the Master Contract is invalid, Party A shall not only assume the related civil liabilities in accordance with its faults, but also assume the liabilities of the pledge guarantee for the civil liabilities assumed by the Principal Debtor.    
     
  13.4 Upon this Contract coming into effect, any party shall not unilaterally alter or terminate this Contract. For example, if there is the need to modify or terminate this Contract, a written agreement shall be concluded based on the consent of both parties. Before the written agreement is reached, the clauses of this Contract shall remain valid.   
     
   Article 14            Dispute settlement    
     
  14.1 If any dispute arises in the process of the performance of this Contract, both parties shall make settlement through negotiation. In case of failure of negotiation, the dispute shall be settled in the way stipulated in  14.1.2 :   
     
  14.1.1 It shall be submitted to _______________________________ for arbitration;   
     
  14.1.2 It shall be solved in the local court of Party B through lawsuit.   

-4-

Article 15            Other matters agreed by both parties.    
     
  15.1      ____________________________________________________________   
     
  15.2      ____________________________________________________________   
     
  15.3      ____________________________________________________________   

Article 16            Appendix    
     
  16.1 The Appendix hereto shall be an inseparable part of this Contract and have an equal effect with the main body of this Contract.   
     
  16.2 The appendixes of this Contract shall include:   
     
  Appendix I:  List of the Pledge    
     
  Appendix II:   
     
   Article 17            Supplementary Provisions    
     
  17.1 The original of this Contract is in  duplicate , each Party holding one, sharing the same legal effect.   

Party A (official seal):    
 
  Party B (official seal):     

Legal representative:      
  (or entrusted agent)    
 
  Legal Representative (or person in charge):      
  (or entrusted agent)     

May 6, 2016    
 
  May 6, 2016      
     
  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan Co., Ltd. (seal)   

-5-

List of the Pledge (rights)    

Names of the Pledge    
 
  Unit    
 
  Quantity    
 
  Owner    
 
  Document value ( RMB)    
 
  Issued by    
 
  Document No.    
 
  Remarks     

Bank statement of saving account    
 
  Copy    
 
  One    
 
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
 
  RMB Thirty Five Million    
 
  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan    

-     

Pledgor (signature and seal):  
 
 Pledgee (official seal):                          
            
  Handled by (signature):   
     
  Filled on:  May 6, 2016    
     
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)   
     
  Wu'an Branch of Bank of Handan Co., Ltd. (seal)   

-6-   

</EX-10.44>

<EX-10.45>
 14
 ex10-45.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.45
 
   ex10_45.htm 

Exhibit 10.45   
     
  Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

DEPOSIT CONTRACT   

No.: [ MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ- 009  FXJ ]  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
     
  July 6, 2015  

1/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

Content  s   

Deposit Contract    
 3  

1. Amount and Payment of the Deposit    
 4  

2. Obligations of Party B    
 5  

3. Deduction of Deposit    
 5  

4. Complement of the Deposit    
 5  

5. Management of the Deposit    
 6  

6. Responsibilities for Breach of the Contract    
 6  

7. Application of Laws and Dispute Resolution    
 7  

8. Communication    
  7  

9. Validity, Accessory and Copies    
 8  

10. Other Matters    
 8  

11. Other Agreements    
 9  

Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)   
  11   

2/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

Deposit Contract   
       
  Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Address: No.3 Building of Financial Centre, No.158, Xisandao Road, Kongxiang Tariff-free Zone, Tianjin  
  Legal Representative: Kong Linshan, post: Chairman  
  Tel: 010-68940066  
  Fax: 010-68489378  
     
  Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   
  Address: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City  
  Legal Representative: Wei Guohua, post: President  
  Tel: 0310-5677626   
  Fax: 0310-5677980  
  The above Party A and Party B are combined by naming  the two parties , and are named by  the party , respectively.  
     
  Whereas:  
  1. The leaser, namely Party A, and the tenant, namely Handan Head Office of Public Transportation have signed  Contract for Finance Lease  on finance lease matters (Contract Number:  MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009 , short for   Contract for Finance Lease   hereinafter). According to  Contract for Finance Lease , the tenant accepts the leasehold (short for  the leasehold  hereinafter) listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  by finance lease and the tenant pays Party A accrued expenses such as the rent. Party B is the supplier of the above leasehold listed in  Contract for Finance Lease.   
  2. In order to guarantee the tenant under  Contract for Finance Lease  to smoothly and completely implement the payment obligations, Party B agrees to pay Party A the performing deposit (Short for  the deposit  hereinafter) agreed by the contract.  

3/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

Now, Party A and Party B sign up this contract on matters related with the deposit in order to abide by their agreements together by friendly negotiation.  
    1. Amount and Payment of the Deposit     
  1.1 The currency of deposit is:  RMB ; the amount is (in the capital form of a Chinese number): Twenty million seven hundred and twenty thousand Yuan only (in Arabic number: 20,720,000.00 Yuan).  
  1.2 Party A returns back the deposit 5.18 million Yuan to Party B under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract after twelve months since the No. MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-    - FXJ  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire; after twenty-four months since  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  5  .1  8 million Yuan  to Party B; after sixty months since  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  4.1  44 million Yuan  to Party B; after the lease term is over and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  6.2  16 million Yuan  to Party B.  
  1.3 Party B should pay the deposit by one-off payment to the following account of Party A on the same day when Party A pays purchase expense of leasehold listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  to the tenant (if the purchase expense of leasehold is paid by installments, it must be the day when the leaser pays the first purchase expense of leasehold):  
  Account Name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Beijing Weigong Village Branch of China Minsheng Banking Co., Ltd.  
  Bank account: 0121014040000361  

4/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

2. Obligations of Party B     
  2.1 Party B should completely and properly perform his obligations under this contract including but not limited to paying the deposit to the leaser according to the agreed time, method or amount of this contract.  
    3. Deduction of Deposit    
  3.1 If the tenant does not perform obligations listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  by appointments, Party A has rights to, even without the permission of Party B, voluntarily deduct the relevant unpaid funds from the deposit paid by Party B in the order of cost, other payables, liquidated damages, compensation, damage awards, and rent payable.  
  3.2 If there is the debt appointed by  Contract for Finance Lease  and it should be assumed by the tenant, and Party A pays it on behalf of the tenant because the tenant delays or refuses to perform the debt, Party A has rights even without the permission of Party B to voluntarily deduct corresponding funds from the deposit paid by Party B.  
    4. Complement of the Deposit     
  4.1 After deducting the relevant funds, Party A has the right to send out  Notification of Complementing Deposit  (more details in Accessory One) to Party B to inform Party B of matters related with deposit deduction and require Party B to complement the deducted funds in full amount by the deadline ensured by  Notification of Complementing Deposit.  Party B should complement the deducted funds in full amount according to the requirements of  Notification of Complementing Deposit  sent by Party A.  
  4.2 If the balance is still insufficient to deduct all relevant funds after complementing the deposit, Party A has rights to ask Party B to complement the deposit again till it can deduct all relevant funds and the balance of the deposit is not lower than the deposit amount in Item1.1 after deduction.  

5/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

5. Management of the Deposit     
  5.1 The deposit guarantees the tenant to properly and punctually pay the rent and perform other obligations regulated by  Contract for Finance Lease . When the tenant strictly performs obligations according to  Contract for Finance Lease  or even though he breaks the contract, his actions are corrected and approved by Party A, Party A returns back the deposit in full amount to Party B and the deposit does not count interests within (five) working days after the lease term stated by  Contract for Finance Lease  is over.  
  5.2 If  Contract for Finance Lease  is terminated in advance, the tenant should pay account payable listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  ahead. If the tenant postpones paying or refuse to pay, Party A has rights even without the permission of Party B to voluntarily deduct relevant funds from the deposit paid by Party B. If after settling this account there is still some balance, Party A should returns back the balance of the deposit capital to Party B within (five) working days since  Contract for Finance Lease  is over.  
  5.3 Party A returns back the deposit to the following account of Party B according to regulations of Item 5.1:  
  Account Name: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Wu an Branch of Bank of China Limited  
  Bank account: 100399447466  
    6. Responsibilities for Breach of the Contract     
  6.1 If Party B does not pay the deposit according to this contract, Party A has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease  and stop to supply the tenant with finance lease service. Therewith, Party A does not to assume any responsibilities and the tenant should assume corresponding responsibilities for breach of the contract according to  Contract for Finance Lease.   
  6.2 If Party B does not complement the deposit in full amount according to requirements, Party B should pay liquidated damage to Party A by the rate of five-ten thousandths for the un-complemented part ( from the next day when the complement term stated by  Notification of Complementing Deposit  to the day when the deposit is actually complemented).  

6/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

6.3 If Party B is reluctant to perform the duty to complement the deposit and it makes the balance of the deposit insufficient to sustain for (five) days, Party A has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease  and ask the tenant to assume corresponding responsibilities for breach of the contract according to  Contract for Finance Lease.   
    7. Application of Laws and Dispute Resolution     
  7.1 This contract and rights and obligations of the two parties listed in this contract apply to laws of the People s Republic of China and are explained according to laws of the People s Republic of China.  
  7.2 As for all disputes related with this contract, the two parties should friendly negotiate to settle according to this contract. If negotiations can not settle, any party can institute legal proceedings to the people s court with jurisdiction in Tianjin where this contract is performed.  
    8. Communication     
  8.1 Except there are other regulations in this contract, documents, notifications, requirements and other communications included by this contract should be made in written form and must be sent to the following addresses of relevant parties by expressage, registered post, telex, fax or other communication methods:  
  To Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: Zhang Min  
  Address: No.1 Guest Building, South Street, Zhongguancun, Haidian District, Beijing   
  Tel: 010-68940066-9712   
  Fax: 010-68940066-9864  
     
  To Party B: [Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.]  
  Addressee: [Zhu Bin]  
  Address: [North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu an Town, Wu an City]  
  Tel: [310-5677626]  
  Fax: [310-5677980]  

7/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

8.2 If it is sent by expressage, the above document or notification is regarded as to be delivered on the third day after they are sent out to the post; if it is sent by registered post, the above document or notification is regarded as to be delivered on the fifth day after they are sent out to the post; if it is dent by telex, it is regarded as to be delivered when it is sent out and receives the confirmation receipt; if it is sent by fax, it is regarded as to be delivered when it is sent out.  
  8.3 If any item of contact information is changed, the relevant party should inform changed contact information to the other party in written form according to this contract within seven days after it is changed. Hereafter, documents and notifications of this contract should be delivered by the changed contact information. If the relevant party does not inform in time, all adverse consequences caused by this should be assumed by the responsible party.  
    9. Validity, Accessory and Copies     
  9.1 This contract is the indivisible part of  Contract for Finance Lease .  
  9.2 The accessory of this contract is the indivisible part of this contract and has the same legal effect as this contract. The accessory includes:  
  Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)  
  9.3 This contract takes effect since legal representatives or authorized agents of the two parties sign up and seal the official seal of legal person. During the performance term of this contract, this contract is terminated at the same time if  Contract for Finance Lease  is terminated.  
  9.4 This contract is quadruplicate. Party A has two copies and Party B has two copies. Every copy is with equal legal effect.  
    10. Other Matters     
  10.1 If any item of this contract is invalid for some reason, the invalidation of this item does not affect the effectiveness and the enforceability of other items in this contract. The two parties should continue to perform other items in this contract.  

8/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

10.2 Under this contract, any tolerance, grace, preference or postponement to perform rights given to Party B by Party A do not influence, damage or confine Party A to enjoy all rights according to this contract and laws. It should not be regarded as that Party A waives rights and interests under this contract. And it can not exempt any obligations that Party B should assume under this contract.  
  10.3 When signing this contract, Party A has explained and interpreted all items of this contract to Party B in details. The two parties have no doubt about all items of this contract and have correct comprehension of the parties  relevant rights and obligations and limitation of responsibilities or the intendment of law of exemption items.  
    11. Other Agreements     
  (The below does not have the main body)  

9/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

(This page is the signature page without the main body)  

Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.          (Official Seal)  
        
   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. Special Seal for Contractual Uses   (seal)   

Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):   

(Signature)    

Date: July 6, 2015   

Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Official Seal)  
     
   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   (seal)   

Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):   

(Signature)    

Date: July 6, 2015  

10/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)    
             
   Notification of Complementing Deposit   

To: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   

About: Matters related with deposit complement includes in No._________  Deposit Contract   
     
  According to regulations of Deposit Contract (Number is:________________) signed by our company and your company on ___ (m)___(d), ___(y), the deposit balance of your company is insufficient now and more details are listed in the following table:  
     
  Unit: RMB Yuan  

Appointed Deposit Amount   
 
  Existing Deposit Balance   
 
  Deposit Amount Complemented This Time    

Remarks (Presentation of the deduction of the deposit):  

11/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   

Please your company to pay the deposit complemented this time in full amount and in time to the following account of our company before ___ (m) __ (d), ___(y):  
     
  Opening bank:   
     
  Account Name:  
     
  Bank account:  
     
  Linkman:  
     
  Tel:  
     
  Fax:  
     
  (Please your company to pay attention, if your company postpones paying or refuse to pay the deposit, our company has rights to prior use any funds, which is paid by your company since the day when this notification is sent out, to deduct liquidated damage caused by postponing paying or refusing to pay the deposit and the deposit amount that should be complemented by your company this time. And if the balance of the deposit is insufficient to sustain for (five) days, our company has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease , and your company should assume all consequences and responsibilities caused by this.)  
     
  It is hereby announced.  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
 
 (Official Seal)   

Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):   
 
 (Signature)    
                        
  Date:  

12/12   

</EX-10.45>

<EX-10.46>
 15
 ex10-46.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.46
 
   ex10_46.htm 

Exhibit 10.46   
     
  Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Repurchase Agreement   

Serial number: [MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009)-HG]  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
     
  July 06, 2015  

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Contents  

1. Subject matter of repurchase   
 2  

2. Repurchase conditions   
 3  

3. Repurchase price    
 5  

4. Repurchase procedures    
 5  

5. Liability for breach of contract    
 7  

6. Assignment of credit    
 7  

7. Commitment and guarantee of repurchaser    
 7  

8. Application of law and dispute resolution    
 8  

9. Validity of agreement    
 8  

10. Validation, change and termination of the agreement    
 9  

11. Appendixes and copies    
 9  

12. Communication    
 9  

13. Signing address    
 10  

14. Other agreements    
 10  

Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)    
 12   

1/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Repurchase Agreement   
       
  Party A (Lessor): Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: No.3 Building of Financial Centre, No.158, Xisandao Road, Kongxiang Tariff-free Zone, Tianjin  
  Legal representative: Kong Linshan  
  Phone: 010-68940066   
  Fax: 010-68489378  
     
  Party B (Repurchaser): Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City, Handan, Hebei Province  
   Legal representative: WEI Guohua  
  Phone: 0310-5677626   
  Fax: 0310-5677980  
     
  Whereas:  
  The lessor and the lessee Handan head company of public transport (Hereinafter referred to as "lessee") signed the  Contract for Financial Leasing  (Hereinafter referred to as  Contract for Financial Leasing ) with a contract No. of "MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009" in July of 2015. The repurchaser is the vendor of lease hold of contract for financial leasing.  
  Through friendly negotiation, the lessor and repurchaser come to the following agreement on the repurchasing matters of lease hold under  Contract for Financial Leasing .  
   1. Subject matter of repurchase   
  1.1 The subject matter of repurchase under this agreement is:  
  (1) Leased equipment under  Contract for Financial Leasing ;  
  (2) The leasing financial claim enjoyed by the lessor on lessee under  Contract for Financial Leasing  (The leasing financial claim under this agreement means that the leaser collects rent unpaid, other rights of accrued expenses and other contract rights from the lessee).  

2/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

2. Repurchase conditions   
  2.1 If the lessee has the following event of default under  Contract for Financial Leasing , the lessor has the right to require the repurchaser to perform repurchase duty:  
  (1) The whole or part of rents of current period of lessee exceeds 30 natural days;  
  (2) Serious quality or technical problems exist in the lease hold, but the lessee and repurchaser, through common written confirmation, confirm that it is impossible to achieve leasing purpose;  
  (3) Any statement or guarantee made to lessor by lessee in  Contract for Financial Leasing  or the documents related to  Contract for Financial Leasing  isn't true and comprehensive;  
  (4) The lessee violates the Article 8 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  on the ownership of lessor on equipment leasing about the clause that it is not allowed to move away, cover or set the mark of owner, refusing lessor to inspect the leased equipment or voluntarily carrying out connexio, mixing and processing on leased equipment without written consent of lessor, etc., no measures are taken to correct within 10 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (5) The lessee violates the Article 9 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  about the regulation of leased equipment possession and use;  
  (5) The lessee violates the Article 10 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  about the regulation of leased equipment maintenance and repair, and does not take measures to correct within 10 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (7) The lessee fails to perform the obligation of effect on insurance according to agreement of Article 12 of  Contract for Financial Leasing ;  
  (8) The lessor reasonably believes that the guarantee provided by lessee decreases or losses guarantee credibility or guarantee ability, and the lessee still doesn't provide the guarantee meeting requirement of lessor within 10 days after the lessor informs;  
  (9) The lessee violates other clauses of  Contract for Financial Leasing  and still doesn't take measures to correct within 15 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (10) The lessee, without just cause, definitely shows that he will not perform "Contracts for Financial Lease", or the lessor has unambiguous evidence to prove that the lessee will not perform or cannot perform the contract when the deadline for performance of "Contracts for Financial Lease" comes, however the lessee fails to supplement and provide necessary performance guarantee or the performance guarantee supplemented and provided is insufficient to guarantee the performing of "Contracts for Financial Lease";  

3/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(11) The event of default occurs under any contract signed by lessee and any the third party or the lessee fails to pay the debt under any contract signed by him and the third party, and such status may seriously and unfavorably affects the obligations performed by lessee under "Contracts for Financial Lease", however, the lessee fails to supplement and provide necessary performance guarantee or the performance guarantee is insufficient to guarantee the performing of "performance guarantee";  
  (12) The change situations including closing, termination of business, production suspending, reduction of capital, division and bankruptcy, etc. happen to the lessee or the lessee stops carrying on business of any main parts, or the lessee proposes the situations including application related to bankruptcy and business closing or the situations are proposed for lessee, or the economic status of lessee shows a substantial deterioration;  
  (13) The lessee carries out restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, combination, external guarantee or transferring all his or substantial assets, and it has affected the normal performance of contractual debt;  
  (14) The leased equipment is frozen, detained, executed, sealed up or other situations affecting normal operation of leased equipment occur, and the lessee fails to eliminate the above-mentioned circumstances within 10 working days after the circumstance occurs;  
  (15) The lessee abnormally and, violating principle of fairness, sell, transfer, rent or handle his business or assets in other ways, or all or any substantial part of property or rights of lessee is confiscated, detained, expropriated, sealed up, compulsively executed or deprived, which causes that the state of operation deteriorates seriously, sufficient to affect the ability to perform "Contracts for Financial Lease" for lessee;  
  (16) The lessee has any fraudulent conducts in process of performing "Contracts for Financial Lease";  

4/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(17) Other major events probably affecting normal performance of contractual debt happen to the lessee , or the lessee has other behaviors seriously damaging leased equipment and lawful rights and interests of lessor.  
  2.2 When the particulars of a matter in Article 2.1 of the agreement occur and the lessor requires to perform repurchase obligation, the repurchaser hereon agrees to unconditionally repurchase the leased equipment and leasing financial claim according to repurchase price agreed in Article 3 of the agreement.  
   3. Repurchase price   
  3.1 The repurchase price under the agreement is the sum of three amounts as follows:  
  (1) All matured rents unpaid and all unmatured principal that lessee shall pay under "Contracts for Financial Lease";  
  (2) The liquidated damages that the lessee shall assume according to agreement of "Contracts for Financial Lease";  
  (3) The reasonable expenses incurred actually caused by the circumstance that the lessor coordinates with the repurchaser to carry out repurchase matters after he is agreed or entrusted by the repurchaser, including but not limited to the expenses including investigation charges, travelling expenses, lawyer's fee and expense of lawsuit, etc.  
  3.2 The specific repurchase price is confirmed when the repurchaser performs repurchase obligations and is clearly listed in  Repurchase Advice Not  e  (See appendix 1 for more about format).  
   4. Repurchase procedures   
  4.1 When the repurchase conditions under the agreement are completed, if the lessor requires the repurchaser to perform repurchase obligation, shall issue the  Repurchase Advice Not  e . The  Repurchase Advice Not  e  shall be clearly lised with contents of repurchase matters, repurchase price, calculation basis, and payment term, etc. The lessor shall also notify the repurchase matters to the lessee in writing.  
  4.2 The repurchaser shall unconditionally pay all repurchase price to the following account within 5 working days after the lessor issues the  Repurchase Advice Not  e :  
  Account name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Beijing Weigong Village Branch of China Minsheng Banking Co., Ltd.  

5/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Bank account: 0121014040000361  
  4.3 After the lessor receives all repurchase price of repurchaser, the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim are transferred to the repurchaser, and the  Contract for Financial Leasing  terminates. If the repurchaser or lessee suffers a loss due to repurchase, they shall voluntarily handle through negotiations and it has nothing to do with the lessor.  
  4.4 The lessor shall transfer the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim, issue  Certificate for   T  ransferring   O  wnership of   L  eased   E  quipment  and hand over the document of laws related to the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim within 5 working days after receiving all repurchaser's repurchase price. Such documents' handover shall be deemed to the transfer of the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim. The lessor assumes no responsibility for the physical delivery and transfer of leased equipment and does not make any guarantee on the state and function of leased equipment. The repurchuser agrees to receive unconditionally according to the actual conditions at the scheduled time including the actual location and present condition during repurchasing. The specific delivery matters of leased equipment can be negotiated additionally by the repurchaser and lessee.  
  4.5 Within the term of lease, derogation and losses happen to the leased equipment, if it belongs to the circumstance in Article 11.2 of "Contracts for Financial Lease" or Article 11.3, however the lessor chooses the ways listed in Clause (2) of Article 11.3 to handle, when the repurchase conditions are completed and the lessor requires to repurchase, the repurchaser shall still perform the repurchase obligation to repurchase the leased equipment and leasing financial claim after replacement according to the agreement.  
  4.6 Within the term of lease, if the delivery cannot be completed due to derogation and losses of leased equipment or any other reasons, the repurchaser shall still perform repurchase obligation according to the agreement. The repurchase price agreed in Article 3 isn't changed (Unless the lessor has gained compensation from insurance money, at this moment, the part compensated by lessor from insurance money shall be deducted for the repurchase price). Under such circumstance, the lessor only needs to transfer leasing financial claim to the repurchaser without the need for delivery of leased equipment; the repurchaser shall not take the condition that leased equipment cannot be delivered as the counterargument for not performing repurchase obligation.  

6/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

5. Liability for breach of contract   
  5.1 The lessor shall, after the repurchaser has paid the repurchase price, timely handle procedures of transfer of ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim according to agreement. If it isn't handled timely according to agreement, shall compensate the direct losses caused to the repurchaser by this.  
  5.2 The repurchaser doesn't perform the repurchase obligation according to agreement and timely pay repurchase price with full amount when the repurchase conditions are completed, it is deemed to be the breach of contract of repurchaser. The repurchaser shall continue to comprehensively perform repurchase obligation. In addition, he shall also pay the liquidated damages to the lessor according to 5 parts in a million per day of overdue payment unpaid.  
   6. Assignment of credit   
  6.1 Within the expiration date of the agreement, the lessor, for the need of financing, has the right to transfer the whole or part of rights in "Contracts for Financial Lease" in ways of including but not limited to factoring, asset securitization and credit asset transfer, etc. to the commercial bank or other financial institutions.  
  6.2 The repurchaser hereby confirms that such transfer does not affect any rights and obligations of lessee in  Contract for Financial Leasing  and also does not affect the repurchase obligation of repurchaser under the agreement. No matter how the leasing financial claim is transferred, the repurchaser still has the obligation to perform repurchase obligation to the heir, alienee or successor of lessor.  
   7. Commitment and guarantee of repurchaser   
  7.1 The repurchaser promises that his repurchase obligation under the agreement is unconditional and irrevocable, and he shall guarantee to have performed all legal procedures and all other authorization approvals required.  
  7.2 The repurchaser promises that the repurchase obligation shall be still performed according to the agreement even if the leased equipment is detained and frozen by the organ of power.  

7/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

7.3 The repurchase obligations of repurchaser aren't influenced by the following matters or any other matters that shall not be attributed to the lessor:  
  (1) Name of repurchaser, address, articles, legal representative, business scope and change of nature of enterprise;  
  (2) Merger, division, termination of business, revocation, dissolution and bankruptcy, etc. happen to repurchaser.  
  7.4 The heir, alienee or successor of repurchaser are restricted by the agreement and shall assume all responsibilities under the agreement. Without written consent of lessor, the repurchaser shall not transfer any rights and obligations under the agreement.  
   8. Application of law and dispute resolution   
  8.1 The rights and obligations of each party under the agreement and items of the agreement apply to the Chinese law and are interpreted according to the Chinese law.  
  8.2 For the disputes related to the agreement, the lessor and repurchaser shall settle them through friendly consultation according to the contents agreed in the agreement. If they cannot be solved through negotiations, shall apply the regulation of Article 1 as follows:  

(1)   
 
  Any party can institute a law suit to the People's Court with right of jurisdiction in Tianjin.   

(2)   
 
  Choose                                                 to arbitrate:   

(3)   
 
  Others:    
       
   9. Validity of agreement   
  9.1 The validity of agreement starts from date that it comes into effect and ends at the time that all leasing financial claim of lessor under "Contracts for Financial Lease" are realized.  
  9.2 The repurchaser hereby promises that, within the validity of agreement, once the repurchase conditions are completed and the lessor requires to perform the repurchase obligations, the repurchaser will unconditionally and comprehensively perform the repurchase obligation under the agreement items, and shall not take the circumstance that there exist other guarantors or guarantee types as grounds of defence.  

8/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

10. Validation, change and termination of the agreement   
  10.1 The agreement is the appendix of "Contracts for Financial Lease". If there exists discrepancy between the agreement and  Contract for Financial Leasing , it is deemed to be the change and modification of "Contracts for Financial Lease".  
  10.2 The agreement comes into effect after the legal representative or authorized agent of both parts of lessor and repurchaser signs and affixes the official seal.  
  10.3 For all circumstances related to modification, supplement or change on the agreement, shall make in in writing separately, and come into effect after the legal representative or authorized agent of both parties signs and seals. The above-mentioned modification, supplement or change is the indivisible component part of the agreement. Without written consent of other parties, any party shall not transfer any rights and obligations under the agreement or the agreement items.  
  10.4 Both parties hereby solemnly confirm that, unless otherwise specified in the agreement, any party shall not arbitrarily terminate the agreement in advance.  
   11. Appendixes and copies   
  11.1 The appendixes of the agreement include:  
  Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)  
  11.2 The agreement original is in quadruplicate and both parties hold 2 copies. Each one has the same legal effect.  
   12. Communication   
  12.1 Various notices, requirements or other communication that shall be made under the agreement items shall be made in writing and be sent to the following address or telex or fax number of parties concerned (Or other addresses, telexes or fax numbers notified to the other party by the addressee 10 days in advance):  
  To lessor: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: ZHANG Min  
  Address: Floor 4, Guest Building, Beijing Friendship Hotel, Nanda Street No.1, Zhongguancun, Haidian District, Beijing  
  Phone: 010-68940066-9712   
  Fax: 010-68484326  

9/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

To repurchaser: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: WEI Guohua  
  Address: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City, Handan, Hebei Province  
  Phone: 0310-5677626 Fax: 0310-5677980  
     
  12.2 Any notices, requirements or other communications issued to the parties concerned under the agreement items according to the above-mentioned address shall be deemed as service of process:  
  (1) If they are sent in a form of letter, it shall be deemed to be service of process once it is actually delivered to the relevant address;  
  (2) If they are sent in a form of telex, it is deemed to be the service of process once the confirmation receipt is sent and received;  
  (3) If they are sent in a form of fax, it is deemed as the service of process once they are sent out.  
   13. Signing address   
  13.1 The signing address of the agreement is Haidian District, Beijing.  
   14. Other agreements   

(There is no main body as follows)  

10/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(This page is the signature page without text)  

Lessor (Official seal): Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
        
   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co.,     Ltd. Special seal for contractual use     (Seal)   

Legal representative (Or authorized agent):   

(Signature or seal)    
                        
  Date: July 6, 2015  
     
  Repurchaser (Official seal): Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)  

Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)   

Legal representative (Or authorized agent):  

(Signature or seal)    
                               
  Date: July 6, 2015  

11/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)   

Repurchase Advice Note  
     
  Serial number:  
     
     (Repurchaser):  
     
  According to the  Repurchase agreement  (Contract No.:_________)signed by your company, our company and lessee______________________, your company shall perform repurchase obligations when the repurchase conditions are completed.  
     
  As the following matters occur________________, according to agreement of  Repurchase agreement , the repurchase conditions have been completed and our company now formally requires your company to perform repurchase obligations.  
     
  Please, after your company remits the repurchase price (RMB__________) to our company account (Account name:________; deposit bank:_______; account number:________) in a lump sum before______Year____Month____Day after receiving the advice note. If your company doesn't pay overdue repurchase price with a full amount, shall pay liquidated damages to our company according to___in a million per day of overdue payment unpaid, please understand.  
     
  Attach: One copy of details about repurchase price  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.   
 
 (Seal)   

Legal representative (Or authorized agent):   
 
 (Signature or seal)    
                                
  Date:    
       
  One advice note is copied to          lessee                   .  
     
 12/12   

</EX-10.46>

<EX-10.47>
 16
 ex10-47.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.47
 
   ex 10-45.htm 

Exhibit 10.47   
     
   Manufacturer Rebate Contract   
     
   Party A (  The   Lessor) : Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
     
  Domicile: Building 3, Financial Center, No. 158, Xisan Road, Airport Free Trade Zone, Tianjin  
     
  Legal Representative: Kong Linshan  
     
  Telephone: 010-68940066  
     
  Fax: 010-68489378  

Party B   (  The Lessee  ) : Handan Public Transport Corporation  
     
  Domicile: No. 43, Renmin West Road, Fuxing District, Handan  
     
  Legal Representative: Du Haichao  
     
  Telephone: 0310-5602028  
     
  Fax: 0310-5602028  

Party C   (  The Seller  ) : Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
     
  Domicile: Changbei Village, Dongzhu, Wuan Town, Handan, Hebei  
     
  Legal Representative: Wei Guohua  
     
  Telephone: 0310-5677626  
     
  Fax: 0310-5677980  

1/5

Whereas:  
     
  Party A (as the Lessor) and Party B (as the Lessee) have signed a "Financing Lease Contract" (Contract Number: [MSFL-2014-2953-V- HZ-009] on  July 6, 2015 , and Party B has purchased [New Energy Buses] from Party C at the purchase price of RMB  103,600,000.00 Yuan (in words: One Hundred and Three Million Six Hundred Thousand Yuan Only) .  
     
  In the principles of equality, voluntariness, integrity and mutual benefit, upon friendly consultations as well as according to the "Contract Law of the People's Republic of China" as well as other relevant laws and regulations, Party A, Party B and Party C hereby entered into this Contract in respect that Party C will rebate Party A, for joint abidance.  
     
   Article 1 Rebate   Proportion   
     
  1.1 The initial rebate given to Party A by Party C shall be [8]% of the purchase price as agreed in the "Financing Lease Contract", totally RMB [ 8,288,000.00 ] Yuan (in words:  Eight Million Two Hundred and Eighty Eight Thousand Yuan Only ).  
     
  1.2 In the lease term, the period rebate given to Party A by Party C shall be RMB [ 358,467.58 ] Yuan each phase (in words:  Three Hundred and Fifty Eight Thousand Four   Hundred   and   Sixty   Seven Yuan Five Jiao Eight Fen ). For details, please see Annex 1 Rebate Payment Table.  

2/5

Article   2   Rebate   Payment Time and Mode   
     
  2.1 Payment time  
     
  Party C shall pay rebates to Party A as agreed in the Contract on the same date on which Party B receives the first batch of finance lease payments from Party A.  
     
  2.2 Payment mode  
     
  The rebate should be paid in accordance with the following mode:  
     
  Pay to the following account of Party A in a lump sum according to the time under the Contract:  
     
  Bank: Weigong Village Sub-branch of China Minsheng Bank   
     
  Name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.   
     
  Account Number: 0121014040000361  
     
   Article   3 Contract Commencement, Change and T  ermination   
     
  3.1 This Contract is an annex to the "Financial Lease Contract" and has the same legal effect as the "Financial Lease Contract". For any inconsistency between this Contract and the "Financial Lease Contract", this Contract shall prevail.  
     
  3.2 This Contract shall only take effect after its being signed by legal representatives or authorized agents of the three parties and stamped with the company chop.  
     
  3.3 Where there is any modification, addition or change to this Contract, they should be made in writing separately and only take effect after their being signed by legal representatives or authorized agents of the three parties and stamped with the company chop. The aforementioned modifications, additions or changes are an integral part of this Contract.  
     
  3.4 The three parties hereby confirm that, unless otherwise provided by this Contract, no party will be allowed to terminate this Contract in advance.  

3/5

Article   4   Miscellaneous   
     
  4.1 This Contract was signed at  Haidian District ,  Beijing .  
     
  4.2 The original Contract is  in quadruplicate , among which Party A holds  two  copies, Party B holds  one  copy and Party C holds  one  copy, each having the same legal effect.  

Party A:   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Official seal)  
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):         (Signature or seal)  
     
  Date: July 6, 2015  
     
  Special Seal for Contracts of Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
     
  Zhou Wei (Seal)  

Party B:   Handan Public Transport Corporation (Official seal)  
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent): (Signature or seal)  
     
  Date: July 6, 2015  
     
  Handan Public Transport Corporation (Seal)  
     
  Du Haichao (Seal)  

Party C:   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Official seal)  
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent): (Signature or seal)  
     
  Date: July 6, 2015  
     
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
     
  Wei Guohua (Seal)  

4/5

Annex 1:  
     
   Rebate Payment Table   
     
  If the manufacturer rebate payment date is not the preceding business day.  

Special Seal for Contracts of Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
   
 5/5   

</EX-10.47>

<EX-10.48>
 17
 ex10-48.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.48
 
   ex 10-48.htm 

Exhibit 10.48   
       
   Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

DEPOSIT CONTRACT   

No.: [ MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ- 009  FXJ ]  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
     
  June 10, 2015  

1/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Content  s   

Deposit Contract    
 
 3   

1. Amount and Payment of the Deposit  
 
 4   

2. Obligations of Party B  
 
 5   

3. Deduction of Deposit  
 
 5   

4. Complement of the Deposit  
 
 5   

5. Management of the Deposit  
 
 6   

6. Responsibilities for Breach of the Contract 
 6  

7. Application of Laws and Dispute Resolution 
 7  

8. Communication 
 7  

9. Validity, Accessory and Copies 
 8  

10. Other Matters 
 8  

11. Other Agreements 
 9  

Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body) 
 11   

2/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

Deposit Contract   
       
  Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Address: No.3 Building of Financial Centre, No.158, Xisandao Road, Kongxiang Tariff-free Zone, Tianjin  
  Legal Representative: Kong Linshan, post: Chairman  
  Tel: 010-68940066  
  Fax: 010-68489378  
     
  Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   
  Address: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City  
  Legal Representative: Wei Guohua, post: President  
  Tel: 0310-5677626   
  Fax: 0310-5677980  
  The above Party A and Party B are combined by naming  the two parties , and are named by  the party , respectively.  
     
  Whereas:  
  1. The leaser, namely Party A, and the tenant, namely Handan Head Office of Public Transportation have signed  Contract for Finance Lease  on finance lease matters (Contract Number:  MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009 , short for   Contract for Finance Lease   hereinafter). According to  Contract for Finance Lease , the tenant accepts the leasehold (short for  the leasehold  hereinafter) listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  by finance lease and the tenant pays Party A accrued expenses such as the rent. Party B is the supplier of the above leasehold listed in  Contract for Finance Lease.   
  2. In order to guarantee the tenant under  Contract for Finance Lease  to smoothly and completely implement the payment obligations, Party B agrees to pay Party A the performing deposit (Short for  the deposit  hereinafter) agreed by the contract.  

3/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

Now, Party A and Party B sign up this contract on matters related with the deposit in order to abide by their agreements together by friendly negotiation.  
    1. Amount and Payment of the Deposit     
  1.1 The currency of deposit is:  RMB ; the amount is (in the capital form of a Chinese number): Twenty million seven hundred and twenty thousand Yuan only (in Arabic number: 18,480,000.00 Yuan).  
  1.2 Party A returns back the deposit 4.62 million Yuan to Party B under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract after twelve months since the No. MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-    - FXJ  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire; after twenty-four months since  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  4.62   million Yuan  to Party B; after sixty months since  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit    3.696   million Yuan  to Party B; after the lease term is over and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  5.544   million Yuan  to Party B.  
  1.3 Party B should pay the deposit by one-off payment to the following account of Party A on the same day when Party A pays purchase expense of leasehold listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  to the tenant (if the purchase expense of leasehold is paid by installments, it must be the day when the leaser pays the first purchase expense of leasehold):  
  Account Name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Beijing Weigong Village Branch of China Minsheng Banking Co., Ltd.  
  Bank account: 0121014040000361  

4/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

2. Obligations of Party B     
  2.1 Party B should completely and properly perform his obligations under this contract including but not limited to paying the deposit to the leaser according to the agreed time, method or amount of this contract.  
    3. Deduction of Deposit    
  3.1 If the tenant does not perform obligations listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  by appointments, Party A has rights to, even without the permission of Party B, voluntarily deduct the relevant unpaid funds from the deposit paid by Party B in the order of cost, other payables, liquidated damages, compensation, damage awards, and rent payable.  
  3.2 If there is the debt appointed by  Contract for Finance Lease  and it should be assumed by the tenant, and Party A pays it on behalf of the tenant because the tenant delays or refuses to perform the debt, Party A has rights even without the permission of Party B to voluntarily deduct corresponding funds from the deposit paid by Party B.  
    4. Complement of the Deposit     
  4.1 After deducting the relevant funds, Party A has the right to send out  Notification of Complementing Deposit  (more details in Accessory One) to Party B to inform Party B of matters related with deposit deduction and require Party B to complement the deducted funds in full amount by the deadline ensured by  Notification of Complementing Deposit.  Party B should complement the deducted funds in full amount according to the requirements of  Notification of Complementing Deposit  sent by Party A.  
  4.2 If the balance is still insufficient to deduct all relevant funds after complementing the deposit, Party A has rights to ask Party B to complement the deposit again till it can deduct all relevant funds and the balance of the deposit is not lower than the deposit amount in Item1.1 after deduction.  

5/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

5. Management of the Deposit     
  5.1 The deposit guarantees the tenant to properly and punctually pay the rent and perform other obligations regulated by  Contract for Finance Lease . When the tenant strictly performs obligations according to  Contract for Finance Lease  or even though he breaks the contract, his actions are corrected and approved by Party A, Party A returns back the deposit in full amount to Party B and the deposit does not count interests within (five) working days after the lease term stated by  Contract for Finance Lease  is over.  
  5.2 If  Contract for Finance Lease  is terminated in advance, the tenant should pay account payable listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  ahead. If the tenant postpones paying or refuse to pay, Party A has rights even without the permission of Party B to voluntarily deduct relevant funds from the deposit paid by Party B. If after settling this account there is still some balance, Party A should returns back the balance of the deposit capital to Party B within (five) working days since  Contract for Finance Lease  is over.  
  5.3 Party A returns back the deposit to the following account of Party B according to regulations of Item 5.1:  
  Account Name: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Wu an Branch of Bank of China Limited  
  Bank account: 100399447466  
    6. Responsibilities for Breach of the Contract     
  6.1 If Party B does not pay the deposit according to this contract, Party A has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease  and stop to supply the tenant with finance lease service. Therewith, Party A does not to assume any responsibilities and the tenant should assume corresponding responsibilities for breach of the contract according to  Contract for Finance Lease.   
  6.2 If Party B does not complement the deposit in full amount according to requirements, Party B should pay liquidated damage to Party A by the rate of five-ten thousandths for the un-complemented part ( from the next day when the complement term stated by  Notification of Complementing Deposit  to the day when the deposit is actually complemented).  

6/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

6.3 If Party B is reluctant to perform the duty to complement the deposit and it makes the balance of the deposit insufficient to sustain for (five) days, Party A has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease  and ask the tenant to assume corresponding responsibilities for breach of the contract according to  Contract for Finance Lease.   
    7. Application of Laws and Dispute Resolution     
  7.1 This contract and rights and obligations of the two parties listed in this contract apply to laws of the People s Republic of China and are explained according to laws of the People s Republic of China.  
  7.2 As for all disputes related with this contract, the two parties should friendly negotiate to settle according to this contract. If negotiations can not settle, any party can institute legal proceedings to the people s court with jurisdiction in Tianjin where this contract is performed.  
    8. Communication     
  8.1 Except there are other regulations in this contract, documents, notifications, requirements and other communications included by this contract should be made in written form and must be sent to the following addresses of relevant parties by expressage, registered post, telex, fax or other communication methods:  
  To Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: Zhang Min  
  Address: No.1 Guest Building, South Street, Zhongguancun, Haidian District, Beijing   
  Tel: 010-68940066-9712   
  Fax: 010-68940066-9864  
     
  To Party B: [Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.]  
  Addressee: [Zhu Bin]  
  Address: [North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu an Town, Wu an City]  
  Tel: [310-5677626]  
  Fax: [310-5677980]  

7/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

8.2 If it is sent by expressage, the above document or notification is regarded as to be delivered on the third day after they are sent out to the post; if it is sent by registered post, the above document or notification is regarded as to be delivered on the fifth day after they are sent out to the post; if it is dent by telex, it is regarded as to be delivered when it is sent out and receives the confirmation receipt; if it is sent by fax, it is regarded as to be delivered when it is sent out.  
  8.3 If any item of contact information is changed, the relevant party should inform changed contact information to the other party in written form according to this contract within seven days after it is changed. Hereafter, documents and notifications of this contract should be delivered by the changed contact information. If the relevant party does not inform in time, all adverse consequences caused by this should be assumed by the responsible party.  
    9. Validity, Accessory and Copies     
  9.1 This contract is the indivisible part of  Contract for Finance Lease .  
  9.2 The accessory of this contract is the indivisible part of this contract and has the same legal effect as this contract. The accessory includes:  
  Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)  
  9.3 This contract takes effect since legal representatives or authorized agents of the two parties sign up and seal the official seal of legal person. During the performance term of this contract, this contract is terminated at the same time if  Contract for Finance Lease  is terminated.  
  9.4 This contract is quadruplicate. Party A has two copies and Party B has two copies. Every copy is with equal legal effect.  
    10. Other Matters     
  10.1 If any item of this contract is invalid for some reason, the invalidation of this item does not affect the effectiveness and the enforceability of other items in this contract. The two parties should continue to perform other items in this contract.  

8/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

10.2 Under this contract, any tolerance, grace, preference or postponement to perform rights given to Party B by Party A do not influence, damage or confine Party A to enjoy all rights according to this contract and laws. It should not be regarded as that Party A waives rights and interests under this contract. And it can not exempt any obligations that Party B should assume under this contract.  
  10.3 When signing this contract, Party A has explained and interpreted all items of this contract to Party B in details. The two parties have no doubt about all items of this contract and have correct comprehension of the parties  relevant rights and obligations and limitation of responsibilities or the intendment of law of exemption items.  
    11. Other Agreements     
  (The below does not have the main body)  

9/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

(This page is the signature page without the main body)  

Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.          (Official Seal)  
     
   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. Special Seal for Contractual Uses   (seal)   
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent): (Signature)    
     
  Date: June 10, 2015  

Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Official Seal)  
     
   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   (seal)   
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent): (Signature)    
     
  Date: June 10, 2015   

10/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)    

Notification of Complementing Deposit   

To: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   

About: Matters related with deposit complement includes in No._________  Deposit Contract   
     
  According to regulations of Deposit Contract (Number is:________________) signed by our company and your company on ___ (m)___(d), ___(y), the deposit balance of your company is insufficient now and more details are listed in the following table:  
     
  Unit: RMB Yuan  

Appointed Deposit Amount   
 
  Existing Deposit Balance   
 
  Deposit Amount Complemented This Time    

Remarks (Presentation of the deduction of the deposit):  

11/12 

Please your company to pay the deposit complemented this time in full amount and in time to the following account of our company before ___ (m) __ (d), ___(y):  
     
  Opening bank:   
     
  Account Name:  
     
  Bank account:  
     
  Linkman:  
     
  Tel:  
     
  Fax:  
     
  (Please your company to pay attention, if your company postpones paying or refuse to pay the deposit, our company has rights to prior use any funds, which is paid by your company since the day when this notification is sent out, to deduct liquidated damage caused by postponing paying or refusing to pay the deposit and the deposit amount that should be complemented by your company this time. And if the balance of the deposit is insufficient to sustain for (five) days, our company has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease , and your company should assume all consequences and responsibilities caused by this.)  
     
  It is hereby announced.  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.              (Official Seal)  
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent): (Signature)  
     
  Date:  
     
  12/12    

</EX-10.48>

<EX-10.49>
 18
 ex10-49.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.49
 
   ex 10-49.htm 

Exhibit 10.49   
   
  Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Repurchase Agreement   

Serial number: [MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009)-HG]  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
     
  June 10, 2015  

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing 

Contents  

1. Subject matter of repurchase  
 2  

2. Repurchase conditions  
 3  

3. Repurchase price  
 5  

4. Repurchase procedures 
 5  

5. Liability for breach of contract 
 7  

6. Assignment of credit   
 7  

7. Commitment and guarantee of repurchaser   
 7  

8. Application of law and dispute resolution 
 8  

9. Validity of agreement 
 8  

10. Validation, change and termination of the agreement 
 9  

11. Appendixes and copies 
 9  

12. Communication 
 9  

13. Signing address 
 10  

14. Other agreements 
 10  

Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text) 
 12   

1/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Repurchase Agreement   
       
  Party A (Lessor): Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: No.3 Building of Financial Centre, No.158, Xisandao Road, Kongxiang Tariff-free Zone, Tianjin  
  Legal representative: Kong Linshan  
  Phone: 010-68940066   
  Fax: 010-68489378  
     
  Party B (Repurchaser): Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City, Handan, Hebei Province  
   Legal representative: WEI Guohua  
  Phone: 0310-5677626   
  Fax: 0310-5677980  
     
  Whereas:  
  The lessor and the lessee Handan head company of public transport (Hereinafter referred to as "lessee") signed the  Contract for Financial Leasing  (Hereinafter referred to as  Contract for Financial Leasing ) with a contract No. of "MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009" in July of 2015. The repurchaser is the vendor of lease hold of contract for financial leasing.  
  Through friendly negotiation, the lessor and repurchaser come to the following agreement on the repurchasing matters of lease hold under  Contract for Financial Leasing .  
   1. Subject matter of repurchase   
  1.1 The subject matter of repurchase under this agreement is:  
  (1) Leased equipment under  Contract for Financial Leasing ;  
  (2) The leasing financial claim enjoyed by the lessor on lessee under  Contract for Financial Leasing  (The leasing financial claim under this agreement means that the leaser collects rent unpaid, other rights of accrued expenses and other contract rights from the lessee).  

2/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

2. Repurchase conditions   
  2.1 If the lessee has the following event of default under  Contract for Financial Leasing , the lessor has the right to require the repurchaser to perform repurchase duty:  
  (1) The whole or part of rents of current period of lessee exceeds 30 natural days;  
  (2) Serious quality or technical problems exist in the lease hold, but the lessee and repurchaser, through common written confirmation, confirm that it is impossible to achieve leasing purpose;  
  (3) Any statement or guarantee made to lessor by lessee in  Contract for Financial Leasing  or the documents related to  Contract for Financial Leasing  isn't true and comprehensive;  
  (4) The lessee violates the Article 8 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  on the ownership of lessor on equipment leasing about the clause that it is not allowed to move away, cover or set the mark of owner, refusing lessor to inspect the leased equipment or voluntarily carrying out connexio, mixing and processing on leased equipment without written consent of lessor, etc., no measures are taken to correct within 10 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (5) The lessee violates the Article 9 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  about the regulation of leased equipment possession and use;  
  (5) The lessee violates the Article 10 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  about the regulation of leased equipment maintenance and repair, and does not take measures to correct within 10 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (7) The lessee fails to perform the obligation of effect on insurance according to agreement of Article 12 of  Contract for Financial Leasing ;  
  (8) The lessor reasonably believes that the guarantee provided by lessee decreases or losses guarantee credibility or guarantee ability, and the lessee still doesn't provide the guarantee meeting requirement of lessor within 10 days after the lessor informs;  
  (9) The lessee violates other clauses of  Contract for Financial Leasing  and still doesn't take measures to correct within 15 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (10) The lessee, without just cause, definitely shows that he will not perform "Contracts for Financial Lease", or the lessor has unambiguous evidence to prove that the lessee will not perform or cannot perform the contract when the deadline for performance of "Contracts for Financial Lease" comes, however the lessee fails to supplement and provide necessary performance guarantee or the performance guarantee supplemented and provided is insufficient to guarantee the performing of "Contracts for Financial Lease";  

3/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(11) The event of default occurs under any contract signed by lessee and any the third party or the lessee fails to pay the debt under any contract signed by him and the third party, and such status may seriously and unfavorably affects the obligations performed by lessee under "Contracts for Financial Lease", however, the lessee fails to supplement and provide necessary performance guarantee or the performance guarantee is insufficient to guarantee the performing of "performance guarantee";  
  (12) The change situations including closing, termination of business, production suspending, reduction of capital, division and bankruptcy, etc. happen to the lessee or the lessee stops carrying on business of any main parts, or the lessee proposes the situations including application related to bankruptcy and business closing or the situations are proposed for lessee, or the economic status of lessee shows a substantial deterioration;  
  (13) The lessee carries out restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, combination, external guarantee or transferring all his or substantial assets, and it has affected the normal performance of contractual debt;  
  (14) The leased equipment is frozen, detained, executed, sealed up or other situations affecting normal operation of leased equipment occur, and the lessee fails to eliminate the above-mentioned circumstances within 10 working days after the circumstance occurs;  
  (15) The lessee abnormally and, violating principle of fairness, sell, transfer, rent or handle his business or assets in other ways, or all or any substantial part of property or rights of lessee is confiscated, detained, expropriated, sealed up, compulsively executed or deprived, which causes that the state of operation deteriorates seriously, sufficient to affect the ability to perform "Contracts for Financial Lease" for lessee;  
  (16) The lessee has any fraudulent conducts in process of performing "Contracts for Financial Lease";  

4/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(17) Other major events probably affecting normal performance of contractual debt happen to the lessee , or the lessee has other behaviors seriously damaging leased equipment and lawful rights and interests of lessor.  
  2.2 When the particulars of a matter in Article 2.1 of the agreement occur and the lessor requires to perform repurchase obligation, the repurchaser hereon agrees to unconditionally repurchase the leased equipment and leasing financial claim according to repurchase price agreed in Article 3 of the agreement.  
   3. Repurchase price   
  3.1 The repurchase price under the agreement is the sum of three amounts as follows:  
  (1) All matured rents unpaid and all unmatured principal that lessee shall pay under "Contracts for Financial Lease";  
  (2) The liquidated damages that the lessee shall assume according to agreement of "Contracts for Financial Lease";  
  (3) The reasonable expenses incurred actually caused by the circumstance that the lessor coordinates with the repurchaser to carry out repurchase matters after he is agreed or entrusted by the repurchaser, including but not limited to the expenses including investigation charges, travelling expenses, lawyer's fee and expense of lawsuit, etc.  
  3.2 The specific repurchase price is confirmed when the repurchaser performs repurchase obligations and is clearly listed in  Repurchase Advice Not  e  (See appendix 1 for more about format).  
   4. Repurchase procedures   
  4.1 When the repurchase conditions under the agreement are completed, if the lessor requires the repurchaser to perform repurchase obligation, shall issue the  Repurchase Advice Not  e . The  Repurchase Advice Not  e  shall be clearly lised with contents of repurchase matters, repurchase price, calculation basis, and payment term, etc. The lessor shall also notify the repurchase matters to the lessee in writing.  
  4.2 The repurchaser shall unconditionally pay all repurchase price to the following account within 5 working days after the lessor issues the  Repurchase Advice Not  e :  
  Account name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Beijing Weigong Village Branch of China Minsheng Banking Co., Ltd.  
  Bank account: 0121014040000361  

5/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

4.3 After the lessor receives all repurchase price of repurchaser, the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim are transferred to the repurchaser, and the  Contract for Financial Leasing  terminates. If the repurchaser or lessee suffers a loss due to repurchase, they shall voluntarily handle through negotiations and it has nothing to do with the lessor.  
  4.4 The lessor shall transfer the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim, issue  Certificate for   T  ransferring   O  wnership of   L  eased   E  quipment  and hand over the document of laws related to the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim within 5 working days after receiving all repurchaser's repurchase price. Such documents' handover shall be deemed to the transfer of the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim. The lessor assumes no responsibility for the physical delivery and transfer of leased equipment and does not make any guarantee on the state and function of leased equipment. The repurchuser agrees to receive unconditionally according to the actual conditions at the scheduled time including the actual location and present condition during repurchasing. The specific delivery matters of leased equipment can be negotiated additionally by the repurchaser and lessee.  
  4.5 Within the term of lease, derogation and losses happen to the leased equipment, if it belongs to the circumstance in Article 11.2 of "Contracts for Financial Lease" or Article 11.3, however the lessor chooses the ways listed in Clause (2) of Article 11.3 to handle, when the repurchase conditions are completed and the lessor requires to repurchase, the repurchaser shall still perform the repurchase obligation to repurchase the leased equipment and leasing financial claim after replacement according to the agreement.  
  4.6 Within the term of lease, if the delivery cannot be completed due to derogation and losses of leased equipment or any other reasons, the repurchaser shall still perform repurchase obligation according to the agreement. The repurchase price agreed in Article 3 isn't changed (Unless the lessor has gained compensation from insurance money, at this moment, the part compensated by lessor from insurance money shall be deducted for the repurchase price). Under such circumstance, the lessor only needs to transfer leasing financial claim to the repurchaser without the need for delivery of leased equipment; the repurchaser shall not take the condition that leased equipment cannot be delivered as the counterargument for not performing repurchase obligation.  

6/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

5. Liability for breach of contract   
  5.1 The lessor shall, after the repurchaser has paid the repurchase price, timely handle procedures of transfer of ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim according to agreement. If it isn't handled timely according to agreement, shall compensate the direct losses caused to the repurchaser by this.  
  5.2 The repurchaser doesn't perform the repurchase obligation according to agreement and timely pay repurchase price with full amount when the repurchase conditions are completed, it is deemed to be the breach of contract of repurchaser. The repurchaser shall continue to comprehensively perform repurchase obligation. In addition, he shall also pay the liquidated damages to the lessor according to 5 parts in a million per day of overdue payment unpaid.  
   6. Assignment of credit   
  6.1 Within the expiration date of the agreement, the lessor, for the need of financing, has the right to transfer the whole or part of rights in "Contracts for Financial Lease" in ways of including but not limited to factoring, asset securitization and credit asset transfer, etc. to the commercial bank or other financial institutions.  
  6.2 The repurchaser hereby confirms that such transfer does not affect any rights and obligations of lessee in  Contract for Financial Leasing  and also does not affect the repurchase obligation of repurchaser under the agreement. No matter how the leasing financial claim is transferred, the repurchaser still has the obligation to perform repurchase obligation to the heir, alienee or successor of lessor.  
   7. Commitment and guarantee of repurchaser   
  7.1 The repurchaser promises that his repurchase obligation under the agreement is unconditional and irrevocable, and he shall guarantee to have performed all legal procedures and all other authorization approvals required.  
  7.2 The repurchaser promises that the repurchase obligation shall be still performed according to the agreement even if the leased equipment is detained and frozen by the organ of power.  

7/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

7.3 The repurchase obligations of repurchaser aren't influenced by the following matters or any other matters that shall not be attributed to the lessor:  
  (1) Name of repurchaser, address, articles, legal representative, business scope and change of nature of enterprise;  
  (2) Merger, division, termination of business, revocation, dissolution and bankruptcy, etc. happen to repurchaser.  
  7.4 The heir, alienee or successor of repurchaser are restricted by the agreement and shall assume all responsibilities under the agreement. Without written consent of lessor, the repurchaser shall not transfer any rights and obligations under the agreement.  
   8. Application of law and dispute resolution   
  8.1 The rights and obligations of each party under the agreement and items of the agreement apply to the Chinese law and are interpreted according to the Chinese law.  
  8.2 For the disputes related to the agreement, the lessor and repurchaser shall settle them through friendly consultation according to the contents agreed in the agreement. If they cannot be solved through negotiations, shall apply the regulation of Article 1 as follows:  

(1)   
 
   Any party can institute a law suit to the People's Court with right of jurisdiction in Tianjin   .    

(2)   
 
  Choose___________________________to arbitrate:    

(3)   
 
  Others:                                                                                                                                                           
   9. Validity of agreement   
  9.1 The validity of agreement starts from date that it comes into effect and ends at the time that all leasing financial claim of lessor under "Contracts for Financial Lease" are realized.  
  9.2 The repurchaser hereby promises that, within the validity of agreement, once the repurchase conditions are completed and the lessor requires to perform the repurchase obligations, the repurchaser will unconditionally and comprehensively perform the repurchase obligation under the agreement items, and shall not take the circumstance that there exist other guarantors or guarantee types as grounds of defence.  

8/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

10. Validation, change and termination of the agreement   
  10.1 The agreement is the appendix of "Contracts for Financial Lease". If there exists discrepancy between the agreement and  Contract for Financial Leasing , it is deemed to be the change and modification of "Contracts for Financial Lease".  
  10.2 The agreement comes into effect after the legal representative or authorized agent of both parts of lessor and repurchaser signs and affixes the official seal.  
  10.3 For all circumstances related to modification, supplement or change on the agreement, shall make in in writing separately, and come into effect after the legal representative or authorized agent of both parties signs and seals. The above-mentioned modification, supplement or change is the indivisible component part of the agreement. Without written consent of other parties, any party shall not transfer any rights and obligations under the agreement or the agreement items.  
  10.4 Both parties hereby solemnly confirm that, unless otherwise specified in the agreement, any party shall not arbitrarily terminate the agreement in advance.  
   11. Appendixes and copies   
  11.1 The appendixes of the agreement include:  
  Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)  
  11.2 The agreement original is in quadruplicate and both parties hold 2 copies. Each one has the same legal effect.  
   12. Communication   
  12.1 Various notices, requirements or other communication that shall be made under the agreement items shall be made in writing and be sent to the following address or telex or fax number of parties concerned (Or other addresses, telexes or fax numbers notified to the other party by the addressee 10 days in advance):  
  To lessor: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: ZHANG Min  
  Address: Floor 4, Guest Building, Beijing Friendship Hotel, Nanda Street No.1, Zhongguancun, Haidian District, Beijing  
  Phone: 010-68940066-9712   
  Fax: 010-68484326  

9/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

To repurchaser: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: WEI Guohua  
  Address: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City, Handan, Hebei Province  
  Phone: 0310-5677626 Fax: 0310-5677980  
     
  12.2 Any notices, requirements or other communications issued to the parties concerned under the agreement items according to the above-mentioned address shall be deemed as service of process:  
  (1) If they are sent in a form of letter, it shall be deemed to be service of process once it is actually delivered to the relevant address;  
  (2) If they are sent in a form of telex, it is deemed to be the service of process once the confirmation receipt is sent and received;  
  (3) If they are sent in a form of fax, it is deemed as the service of process once they are sent out.  
   13. Signing address   
  13.1 The signing address of the agreement is Haidian District, Beijing.  
   14. Other agreements   

(There is no main body as follows)  

10/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(This page is the signature page without text)  

Lessor (Official seal): Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
     
   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co.,     Ltd. Special seal for contractual use     (Seal)   
  Legal representative (Or authorized agent):                   (Signature or seal)    
     
  Date: June 10, 2015  
     
  Repurchaser (Official seal): Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
     
   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)   
  Legal representative (Or authorized agent):                        (Signature or seal)    
     
  Date: June 10, 2015  

11/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)   

Repurchase Advice Note  
     
  Serial number:  
     
  ____________________________________________(Repurchaser):  
     
  According to the  Repurchase agreement  (Contract No.:_________)signed by your company, our company and lessee______________________, your company shall perform repurchase obligations when the repurchase conditions are completed.  
     
  As the following matters occur________________, according to agreement of  Repurchase agreement , the repurchase conditions have been completed and our company now formally requires your company to perform repurchase obligations.  
     
  Please, after your company remits the repurchase price (RMB__________) to our company account (Account name:________; deposit bank:_______; account number:________) in a lump sum before______Year____Month____Day after receiving the advice note. If your company doesn't pay overdue repurchase price with a full amount, shall pay liquidated damages to our company according to___in a million per day of overdue payment unpaid, please understand.  
     
  Attach: One copy of details about repurchase price  
     
  Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                                 (Seal)  
     
  Legal representative (Or authorized agent):                      (Signature or seal)  
     
  Date:    

One advice note is copied to                lessee               .  
     
  12/12    

</EX-10.49>

<EX-10.50>
 19
 ex10-50.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.50
 
   ex10-50.htm 

Exhibit 10.50   
   Manufacturer Rebate Contract   
     
   Party A (  The   Lessor) : Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
     
  Domicile: Building 3, Financial Center, No. 158, Xisan Road, Airport Free Trade Zone, Tianjin  
     
  Legal Representative: Kong Linshan  
     
  Telephone: 010-68940066  
     
  Fax: 010-68489378  

Party B   (  The Lessee  ) : Handan Public Transport Corporation  
     
  Domicile: No. 43, Renmin West Road, Fuxing District, Handan  
     
  Legal Representative: Du Haichao  
     
  Telephone: 0310-5602028  
     
  Fax: 0310-5602028  

Party C   (  The Seller  ) : Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
     
  Domicile: Changbei Village, Dongzhu, Wuan Town, Handan, Hebei  
     
  Legal Representative: Wei Guohua  
     
  Telephone: 0310-5677626  
     
  Fax: 0310-5677980  

1/6 

Whereas:  
     
  Party A (as the Lessor) and Party B (as the Lessee) have signed a "Financing Lease Contract" (Contract Number: [MSFL-2014-2953-V- HZ-006] on  June 10  , 2015 , and Party B has purchased [New Energy Buses] from Party C at the purchase price of RMB  92,400,000.00 Yuan (in words: Ninety Two Million and Four Hunderd Thousand Yuan Only) .  
     
  In the principles of equality, voluntariness, integrity and mutual benefit, upon friendly consultations as well as according to the "Contract Law of the People's Republic of China" as well as other relevant laws and regulations, Party A, Party B and Party C hereby entered into this Contract in respect that Party C will rebate Party A, for joint abidance.  
     
   Article 1 Rebate   Proportion   
     
  1.1 The initial rebate given to Party A by Party C shall be [8]% of the purchase price as agreed in the "Financing Lease Contract", totally RMB [ 7  ,  392  ,000.00 ] Yuan (in words:  Seven   Million   Three Hundred and Ninety Two   Yuan Only ).  
     
  1.2 In the lease term, the period rebate given to Party A by Party C shall be RMB [ 319,522.16 ] Yuan each phase (in words:  Three Hundred and Nineteen Thousand Five     Hundred   and   Twenty Two   Yuan   and Sixteen C  en  t ). For details, please see Annex 1 Rebate Payment Table.  

2/6 

Article   2   Rebate   Payment Time and Mode   
     
  2.1 Payment time  
     
  Party C shall pay rebates to Party A as agreed in the Contract on the same date on which Party B receives the first batch of finance lease payments from Party A.  
     
  2.2 Payment mode  
     
  The rebate should be paid in accordance with the following mode:  
     
  Pay to the following account of Party A in a lump sum according to the time under the Contract:  
     
  Bank: Weigong Village Sub-branch of China Minsheng Bank   
     
  Name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.   
     
  Account Number: 0121014040000361  
     
   Article   3 Contract Commencement, Change and T  ermination   
     
  3.1 This Contract is an annex to the "Financial Lease Contract" and has the same legal effect as the "Financial Lease Contract". For any inconsistency between this Contract and the "Financial Lease Contract", this Contract shall prevail.  
     
  3.2 This Contract shall only take effect after its being signed by legal representatives or authorized agents of the three parties and stamped with the company chop.  
     
  3.3 Where there is any modification, addition or change to this Contract, they should be made in writing separately and only take effect after their being signed by legal representatives or authorized agents of the three parties and stamped with the company chop. The aforementioned modifications, additions or changes are an integral part of this Contract.  
     
  3.4 The three parties hereby confirm that, unless otherwise provided by this Contract, no party will be allowed to terminate this Contract in advance.  

3/6 

Article   4   Miscellaneous   
     
  4.1 This Contract was signed at  Haidian District ,  Beijing .  
     
  4.2 The original Contract is  in quadruplicate , among which Party A holds  two  copies, Party B holds  one  copy and Party C holds  one  copy, each having the same legal effect.  

Party A:   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Official seal)  
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):           (Signature or seal)  
     
  Date: June 10, 2015  
     
  Special Seal for Contracts of Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
     
  Zhou Wei (Seal)  

Party B:   Handan Public Transport Corporation         (Official seal)  
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):           (Signature or seal)  
     
  Date: June 10, 2015  
     
  Handan Public Transport Corporation (Seal)  
     
  Du Haichao (Seal)  

4/6 

Party C:   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Official seal)  
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):                  (Signature or seal)  
     
  Date: June 10, 2015  
     
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
     
  Wei Guohua (Seal)  

5/6 

Annex 1:  
     
   Rebate Payment Table   
     
  If the manufacturer rebate payment date is not the preceding business day.  

Special Seal for Contracts of Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Seal)  

6/6   

</EX-10.50>

<EX-10.51>
 20
 ex10-51.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.51
 
   ex10-51.htm 

Exhibit 10.51   
       
  Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

DEPOSIT CONTRACT   

No.: [ MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ- 009  FXJ ]  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
     
  January 20, 2015  

1/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

Content  s   

Deposit Contract   
 
  3    

1. Amount and Payment of the Deposit  
  4   

2. Obligations of Party B  
  5   

3. Deduction of Deposit  
  5   

4. Complement of the Deposit   
  5   

5. Management of the Deposit  
  6   

6. Responsibilities for Breach of the Contract   
  6   

7. Application of Laws and Dispute Resolution  
  7   

8. Communication  
  7   

9. Validity, Accessory and Copies  
  8   

10. Other Matters  
  8   

11. Other Agreements  
  9   

Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)  
  11    

2/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

Deposit Contract   
       
  Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Address: No.3 Building of Financial Centre, No.158, Xisandao Road, Kongxiang Tariff-free Zone, Tianjin  
  Legal Representative: Kong Linshan, post: Chairman  
  Tel: 010-68940066  
  Fax: 010-68489378  
     
  Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   
  Address: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City  
  Legal Representative: Wei Guohua, post: President  
  Tel: 0310-5677626   
  Fax: 0310-5677980  
  The above Party A and Party B are combined by naming  the two parties , and are named by  the party , respectively.  
     
  Whereas:  
  1. The leaser, namely Party A, and the tenant, namely Handan Head Office of Public Transportation have signed  Contract for Finance Lease  on finance lease matters (Contract Number:  MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009 , short for   Contract for Finance Lease   hereinafter). According to  Contract for Finance Lease , the tenant accepts the leasehold (short for  the leasehold  hereinafter) listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  by finance lease and the tenant pays Party A accrued expenses such as the rent. Party B is the supplier of the above leasehold listed in  Contract for Finance Lease.   
  2. In order to guarantee the tenant under  Contract for Finance Lease  to smoothly and completely implement the payment obligations, Party B agrees to pay Party A the performing deposit (Short for  the deposit  hereinafter) agreed by the contract.  

3/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing 

Now, Party A and Party B sign up this contract on matters related with the deposit in order to abide by their agreements together by friendly negotiation.  
    1. Amount and Payment of the Deposit     
  1.1 The currency of deposit is:  RMB ; the amount is (in the capital form of a Chinese number): Twenty million seven hundred and twenty thousand Yuan only (in Arabic number: 10,720,000.00 Yuan).  
  1.2 Party A returns back the deposit 2.68 million Yuan to Party B under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract after twelve months since the No. MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-    - FXJ  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire; after twenty-four months since  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  2.68   million Yuan  to Party B; after sixty months since  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  2.1  44 million Yuan  to Party B; after the lease term is over and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  3  .  2  16 million Yuan  to Party B.  
  1.3 Party B should pay the deposit by one-off payment to the following account of Party A on the same day when Party A pays purchase expense of leasehold listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  to the tenant (if the purchase expense of leasehold is paid by installments, it must be the day when the leaser pays the first purchase expense of leasehold):  
  Account Name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Beijing Weigong Village Branch of China Minsheng Banking Co., Ltd.  
  Bank account: 0121014040000361  

4/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

2. Obligations of Party B     
  2.1 Party B should completely and properly perform his obligations under this contract including but not limited to paying the deposit to the leaser according to the agreed time, method or amount of this contract.  
    3. Deduction of Deposit    
  3.1 If the tenant does not perform obligations listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  by appointments, Party A has rights to, even without the permission of Party B, voluntarily deduct the relevant unpaid funds from the deposit paid by Party B in the order of cost, other payables, liquidated damages, compensation, damage awards, and rent payable.  
  3.2 If there is the debt appointed by  Contract for Finance Lease  and it should be assumed by the tenant, and Party A pays it on behalf of the tenant because the tenant delays or refuses to perform the debt, Party A has rights even without the permission of Party B to voluntarily deduct corresponding funds from the deposit paid by Party B.  
    4. Complement of the Deposit     
  4.1 After deducting the relevant funds, Party A has the right to send out  Notification of Complementing Deposit  (more details in Accessory One) to Party B to inform Party B of matters related with deposit deduction and require Party B to complement the deducted funds in full amount by the deadline ensured by  Notification of Complementing Deposit.  Party B should complement the deducted funds in full amount according to the requirements of  Notification of Complementing Deposit  sent by Party A.  
  4.2 If the balance is still insufficient to deduct all relevant funds after complementing the deposit, Party A has rights to ask Party B to complement the deposit again till it can deduct all relevant funds and the balance of the deposit is not lower than the deposit amount in Item1.1 after deduction.  

5/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

5. Management of the Deposit     
  5.1 The deposit guarantees the tenant to properly and punctually pay the rent and perform other obligations regulated by  Contract for Finance Lease . When the tenant strictly performs obligations according to  Contract for Finance Lease  or even though he breaks the contract, his actions are corrected and approved by Party A, Party A returns back the deposit in full amount to Party B and the deposit does not count interests within (five) working days after the lease term stated by  Contract for Finance Lease  is over.  
  5.2 If  Contract for Finance Lease  is terminated in advance, the tenant should pay account payable listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  ahead. If the tenant postpones paying or refuse to pay, Party A has rights even without the permission of Party B to voluntarily deduct relevant funds from the deposit paid by Party B. If after settling this account there is still some balance, Party A should returns back the balance of the deposit capital to Party B within (five) working days since  Contract for Finance Lease  is over.  
  5.3 Party A returns back the deposit to the following account of Party B according to regulations of Item 5.1:  
  Account Name: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Wu an Branch of Bank of China Limited  
  Bank account: 100399447466  
    6. Responsibilities for Breach of the Contract       
  6.1 If Party B does not pay the deposit according to this contract, Party A has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease  and stop to supply the tenant with finance lease service. Therewith, Party A does not to assume any responsibilities and the tenant should assume corresponding responsibilities for breach of the contract according to  Contract for Finance Lease.   
  6.2 If Party B does not complement the deposit in full amount according to requirements, Party B should pay liquidated damage to Party A by the rate of five-ten thousandths for the un-complemented part ( from the next day when the complement term stated by  Notification of Complementing Deposit  to the day when the deposit is actually complemented).  

6/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

6.3 If Party B is reluctant to perform the duty to complement the deposit and it makes the balance of the deposit insufficient to sustain for (five) days, Party A has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease  and ask the tenant to assume corresponding responsibilities for breach of the contract according to  Contract for Finance Lease.   
    7. Application of Laws and Dispute Resolution     
  7.1 This contract and rights and obligations of the two parties listed in this contract apply to laws of the People s Republic of China and are explained according to laws of the People s Republic of China.  
  7.2 As for all disputes related with this contract, the two parties should friendly negotiate to settle according to this contract. If negotiations can not settle, any party can institute legal proceedings to the people s court with jurisdiction in Tianjin where this contract is performed.  
    8. Communication     
  8.1 Except there are other regulations in this contract, documents, notifications, requirements and other communications included by this contract should be made in written form and must be sent to the following addresses of relevant parties by expressage, registered post, telex, fax or other communication methods:  
  To Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: Zhang Min  
  Address: No.1 Guest Building, South Street, Zhongguancun, Haidian District, Beijing   
  Tel: 010-68940066-9712   
  Fax: 010-68940066-9864  
     
  To Party B: [Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.]  
  Addressee: [Zhu Bin]  
  Address: [North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu an Town, Wu an City]  
  Tel: [310-5677626]  
  Fax: [310-5677980]  

7/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

8.2 If it is sent by expressage, the above document or notification is regarded as to be delivered on the third day after they are sent out to the post; if it is sent by registered post, the above document or notification is regarded as to be delivered on the fifth day after they are sent out to the post; if it is dent by telex, it is regarded as to be delivered when it is sent out and receives the confirmation receipt; if it is sent by fax, it is regarded as to be delivered when it is sent out.  
  8.3 If any item of contact information is changed, the relevant party should inform changed contact information to the other party in written form according to this contract within seven days after it is changed. Hereafter, documents and notifications of this contract should be delivered by the changed contact information. If the relevant party does not inform in time, all adverse consequences caused by this should be assumed by the responsible party.  
    9. Validity, Accessory and Copies     
  9.1 This contract is the indivisible part of  Contract for Finance Lease .  
  9.2 The accessory of this contract is the indivisible part of this contract and has the same legal effect as this contract. The accessory includes:  
  Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)  
  9.3 This contract takes effect since legal representatives or authorized agents of the two parties sign up and seal the official seal of legal person. During the performance term of this contract, this contract is terminated at the same time if  Contract for Finance Lease  is terminated.  
  9.4 This contract is quadruplicate. Party A has two copies and Party B has two copies. Every copy is with equal legal effect.  
    10. Other Matters     
  10.1 If any item of this contract is invalid for some reason, the invalidation of this item does not affect the effectiveness and the enforceability of other items in this contract. The two parties should continue to perform other items in this contract.  

8/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

10.2 Under this contract, any tolerance, grace, preference or postponement to perform rights given to Party B by Party A do not influence, damage or confine Party A to enjoy all rights according to this contract and laws. It should not be regarded as that Party A waives rights and interests under this contract. And it can not exempt any obligations that Party B should assume under this contract.  
  10.3 When signing this contract, Party A has explained and interpreted all items of this contract to Party B in details. The two parties have no doubt about all items of this contract and have correct comprehension of the parties  relevant rights and obligations and limitation of responsibilities or the intendment of law of exemption items.  
    11. Other Agreements     
  (The below does not have the main body)  

9/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(This page is the signature page without the main body)  

Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.          (Official Seal)  
     
   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. Special Seal for Contractual Uses   (seal)   
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent): (Signature)    
     
  Date: January 20, 2015  

Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Official Seal)  
     
   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   (seal)   
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent): (Signature)    
     
  Date: January 20, 2015   

10/12

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)    

Notification of Complementing Deposit   

To: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   

About: Matters related with deposit complement includes in No._________  Deposit Contract   
     
  According to regulations of Deposit Contract (Number is:________________) signed by our company and your company on ___ (m)___(d), ___(y), the deposit balance of your company is insufficient now and more details are listed in the following table:  
     
  Unit: RMB Yuan  

Appointed Deposit Amount   
 
  Existing Deposit Balance   
 
  Deposit Amount Complemented This Time    

Remarks (Presentation of the deduction of the deposit):  

11/12

Please your company to pay the deposit complemented this time in full amount and in time to the following account of our company before ___ (m) __ (d), ___(y):  
     
  Opening bank:   
     
  Account Name:  
     
  Bank account:  
     
  Linkman:  
     
  Tel:  
     
  Fax:  
     
  (Please your company to pay attention, if your company postpones paying or refuse to pay the deposit, our company has rights to prior use any funds, which is paid by your company since the day when this notification is sent out, to deduct liquidated damage caused by postponing paying or refusing to pay the deposit and the deposit amount that should be complemented by your company this time. And if the balance of the deposit is insufficient to sustain for (five) days, our company has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease , and your company should assume all consequences and responsibilities caused by this.)  
     
  It is hereby announced.  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.              (Official Seal)  
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent): (Signature)  
     
  Date:  

12/12    

</EX-10.51>

<EX-10.52>
 21
 ex10-52.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.52
 
   ex10-52.htm 

Exhibit 10.52   

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Repurchase Agreement   

Serial number: [MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009)-HG]  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
     
  January 20, 2015  

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Contents  

1. Subject matter of repurchase   
 
  2    

2. Repurchase conditions   
 
  3    

3. Repurchase price   
 
  5    

4. Repurchase procedures   
 
  5    

5. Liability for breach of contract   
 
  7    

6. Assignment of credit   
 
  7    

7. Commitment and guarantee of repurchaser   
 
  7    

8. Application of law and dispute resolution   
 
  8    

9. Validity of agreement   
 
  8    

10. Validation, change and termination of the agreement   
 
  9    

11. Appendixes and copies   
 
  9    

12. Communication   
 
  9    

13. Signing address   
 
  10    

14. Other agreements   
 
  10    

Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)   
 
  12     

1/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Repurchase Agreement   
       
  Party A (Lessor): Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: No.3 Building of Financial Centre, No.158, Xisandao Road, Kongxiang Tariff-free Zone, Tianjin  
  Legal representative: Kong Linshan  
  Phone: 010-68940066   
  Fax: 010-68489378  
     
  Party B (Repurchaser): Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City, Handan, Hebei Province  
  Legal representative: WEI Guohua  
  Phone: 0310-5677626   
  Fax: 0310-5677980  
     
  Whereas:  
  The lessor and the lessee Handan head company of public transport (Hereinafter referred to as "lessee") signed the  Contract for Financial Leasing  (Hereinafter referred to as  Contract for Financial Leasing ) with a contract No. of "MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009" in July of 2015. The repurchaser is the vendor of lease hold of contract for financial leasing.  
  Through friendly negotiation, the lessor and repurchaser come to the following agreement on the repurchasing matters of lease hold under  Contract for Financial Leasing .  
   1. Subject matter of repurchase   
  1.1 The subject matter of repurchase under this agreement is:  
  (1) Leased equipment under  Contract for Financial Leasing ;  
  (2) The leasing financial claim enjoyed by the lessor on lessee under  Contract for Financial Leasing  (The leasing financial claim under this agreement means that the leaser collects rent unpaid, other rights of accrued expenses and other contract rights from the lessee).  

2/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

2. Repurchase conditions   
  2.1 If the lessee has the following event of default under  Contract for Financial Leasing , the lessor has the right to require the repurchaser to perform repurchase duty:  
  (1) The whole or part of rents of current period of lessee exceeds 30 natural days;  
  (2) Serious quality or technical problems exist in the lease hold, but the lessee and repurchaser, through common written confirmation, confirm that it is impossible to achieve leasing purpose;  
  (3) Any statement or guarantee made to lessor by lessee in  Contract for Financial Leasing  or the documents related to  Contract for Financial Leasing  isn't true and comprehensive;  
  (4) The lessee violates the Article 8 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  on the ownership of lessor on equipment leasing about the clause that it is not allowed to move away, cover or set the mark of owner, refusing lessor to inspect the leased equipment or voluntarily carrying out connexio, mixing and processing on leased equipment without written consent of lessor, etc., no measures are taken to correct within 10 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (5) The lessee violates the Article 9 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  about the regulation of leased equipment possession and use;  
  (5) The lessee violates the Article 10 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  about the regulation of leased equipment maintenance and repair, and does not take measures to correct within 10 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (7) The lessee fails to perform the obligation of effect on insurance according to agreement of Article 12 of  Contract for Financial Leasing ;  
  (8) The lessor reasonably believes that the guarantee provided by lessee decreases or losses guarantee credibility or guarantee ability, and the lessee still doesn't provide the guarantee meeting requirement of lessor within 10 days after the lessor informs;  
  (9) The lessee violates other clauses of  Contract for Financial Leasing  and still doesn't take measures to correct within 15 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (10) The lessee, without just cause, definitely shows that he will not perform "Contracts for Financial Lease", or the lessor has unambiguous evidence to prove that the lessee will not perform or cannot perform the contract when the deadline for performance of "Contracts for Financial Lease" comes, however the lessee fails to supplement and provide necessary performance guarantee or the performance guarantee supplemented and provided is insufficient to guarantee the performing of "Contracts for Financial Lease";  

3/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(11) The event of default occurs under any contract signed by lessee and any the third party or the lessee fails to pay the debt under any contract signed by him and the third party, and such status may seriously and unfavorably affects the obligations performed by lessee under "Contracts for Financial Lease", however, the lessee fails to supplement and provide necessary performance guarantee or the performance guarantee is insufficient to guarantee the performing of "performance guarantee";  
  (12) The change situations including closing, termination of business, production suspending, reduction of capital, division and bankruptcy, etc. happen to the lessee or the lessee stops carrying on business of any main parts, or the lessee proposes the situations including application related to bankruptcy and business closing or the situations are proposed for lessee, or the economic status of lessee shows a substantial deterioration;  
  (13) The lessee carries out restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, combination, external guarantee or transferring all his or substantial assets, and it has affected the normal performance of contractual debt;  
  (14) The leased equipment is frozen, detained, executed, sealed up or other situations affecting normal operation of leased equipment occur, and the lessee fails to eliminate the above-mentioned circumstances within 10 working days after the circumstance occurs;  
  (15) The lessee abnormally and, violating principle of fairness, sell, transfer, rent or handle his business or assets in other ways, or all or any substantial part of property or rights of lessee is confiscated, detained, expropriated, sealed up, compulsively executed or deprived, which causes that the state of operation deteriorates seriously, sufficient to affect the ability to perform "Contracts for Financial Lease" for lessee;  
  (16) The lessee has any fraudulent conducts in process of performing "Contracts for Financial Lease";  

4/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(17) Other major events probably affecting normal performance of contractual debt happen to the lessee , or the lessee has other behaviors seriously damaging leased equipment and lawful rights and interests of lessor.  
  2.2 When the particulars of a matter in Article 2.1 of the agreement occur and the lessor requires to perform repurchase obligation, the repurchaser hereon agrees to unconditionally repurchase the leased equipment and leasing financial claim according to repurchase price agreed in Article 3 of the agreement.  
   3. Repurchase price   
  3.1 The repurchase price under the agreement is the sum of three amounts as follows:  
  (1) All matured rents unpaid and all unmatured principal that lessee shall pay under "Contracts for Financial Lease";  
  (2) The liquidated damages that the lessee shall assume according to agreement of "Contracts for Financial Lease";  
  (3) The reasonable expenses incurred actually caused by the circumstance that the lessor coordinates with the repurchaser to carry out repurchase matters after he is agreed or entrusted by the repurchaser, including but not limited to the expenses including investigation charges, travelling expenses, lawyer's fee and expense of lawsuit, etc.  
  3.2 The specific repurchase price is confirmed when the repurchaser performs repurchase obligations and is clearly listed in  Repurchase Advice Not  e  (See appendix 1 for more about format).  
   4. Repurchase procedures   
  4.1 When the repurchase conditions under the agreement are completed, if the lessor requires the repurchaser to perform repurchase obligation, shall issue the  Repurchase Advice Not  e . The  Repurchase Advice Not  e  shall be clearly lised with contents of repurchase matters, repurchase price, calculation basis, and payment term, etc. The lessor shall also notify the repurchase matters to the lessee in writing.  
  4.2 The repurchaser shall unconditionally pay all repurchase price to the following account within 5 working days after the lessor issues the  Repurchase Advice Not  e :  
  Account name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Beijing Weigong Village Branch of China Minsheng Banking Co., Ltd.  
  Bank account: 0121014040000361  

5/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

4.3 After the lessor receives all repurchase price of repurchaser, the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim are transferred to the repurchaser, and the  Contract for Financial Leasing  terminates. If the repurchaser or lessee suffers a loss due to repurchase, they shall voluntarily handle through negotiations and it has nothing to do with the lessor.  
  4.4 The lessor shall transfer the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim, issue  Certificate for   T  ransferring   O  wnership of   L  eased   E  quipment  and hand over the document of laws related to the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim within 5 working days after receiving all repurchaser's repurchase price. Such documents' handover shall be deemed to the transfer of the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim. The lessor assumes no responsibility for the physical delivery and transfer of leased equipment and does not make any guarantee on the state and function of leased equipment. The repurchuser agrees to receive unconditionally according to the actual conditions at the scheduled time including the actual location and present condition during repurchasing. The specific delivery matters of leased equipment can be negotiated additionally by the repurchaser and lessee.  
  4.5 Within the term of lease, derogation and losses happen to the leased equipment, if it belongs to the circumstance in Article 11.2 of "Contracts for Financial Lease" or Article 11.3, however the lessor chooses the ways listed in Clause (2) of Article 11.3 to handle, when the repurchase conditions are completed and the lessor requires to repurchase, the repurchaser shall still perform the repurchase obligation to repurchase the leased equipment and leasing financial claim after replacement according to the agreement.  
  4.6 Within the term of lease, if the delivery cannot be completed due to derogation and losses of leased equipment or any other reasons, the repurchaser shall still perform repurchase obligation according to the agreement. The repurchase price agreed in Article 3 isn't changed (Unless the lessor has gained compensation from insurance money, at this moment, the part compensated by lessor from insurance money shall be deducted for the repurchase price). Under such circumstance, the lessor only needs to transfer leasing financial claim to the repurchaser without the need for delivery of leased equipment; the repurchaser shall not take the condition that leased equipment cannot be delivered as the counterargument for not performing repurchase obligation.  

6/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

5. Liability for breach of contract   
  5.1 The lessor shall, after the repurchaser has paid the repurchase price, timely handle procedures of transfer of ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim according to agreement. If it isn't handled timely according to agreement, shall compensate the direct losses caused to the repurchaser by this.  
  5.2 The repurchaser doesn't perform the repurchase obligation according to agreement and timely pay repurchase price with full amount when the repurchase conditions are completed, it is deemed to be the breach of contract of repurchaser. The repurchaser shall continue to comprehensively perform repurchase obligation. In addition, he shall also pay the liquidated damages to the lessor according to 5 parts in a million per day of overdue payment unpaid.  
   6. Assignment of credit   
  6.1 Within the expiration date of the agreement, the lessor, for the need of financing, has the right to transfer the whole or part of rights in "Contracts for Financial Lease" in ways of including but not limited to factoring, asset securitization and credit asset transfer, etc. to the commercial bank or other financial institutions.  
  6.2 The repurchaser hereby confirms that such transfer does not affect any rights and obligations of lessee in  Contract for Financial Leasing  and also does not affect the repurchase obligation of repurchaser under the agreement. No matter how the leasing financial claim is transferred, the repurchaser still has the obligation to perform repurchase obligation to the heir, alienee or successor of lessor.  
   7. Commitment and guarantee of repurchaser   
  7.1 The repurchaser promises that his repurchase obligation under the agreement is unconditional and irrevocable, and he shall guarantee to have performed all legal procedures and all other authorization approvals required.  
  7.2 The repurchaser promises that the repurchase obligation shall be still performed according to the agreement even if the leased equipment is detained and frozen by the organ of power.  

7/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

7.3 The repurchase obligations of repurchaser aren't influenced by the following matters or any other matters that shall not be attributed to the lessor:  
  (1) Name of repurchaser, address, articles, legal representative, business scope and change of nature of enterprise;  
  (2) Merger, division, termination of business, revocation, dissolution and bankruptcy, etc. happen to repurchaser.  
  7.4 The heir, alienee or successor of repurchaser are restricted by the agreement and shall assume all responsibilities under the agreement. Without written consent of lessor, the repurchaser shall not transfer any rights and obligations under the agreement.  
   8. Application of law and dispute resolution   
  8.1 The rights and obligations of each party under the agreement and items of the agreement apply to the Chinese law and are interpreted according to the Chinese law.  
  8.2 For the disputes related to the agreement, the lessor and repurchaser shall settle them through friendly consultation according to the contents agreed in the agreement. If they cannot be solved through negotiations, shall apply the regulation of Article 1 as follows:  

(1)   
 
  Any party can institute a law suit to the People's Court with right of jurisdiction in Tianjin.    

(2)   
 
  Choose___________________________to arbitrate:    

(3)   
 
  Others:      
   9. Validity of agreement   
  9.1 The validity of agreement starts from date that it comes into effect and ends at the time that all leasing financial claim of lessor under "Contracts for Financial Lease" are realized.  
  9.2 The repurchaser hereby promises that, within the validity of agreement, once the repurchase conditions are completed and the lessor requires to perform the repurchase obligations, the repurchaser will unconditionally and comprehensively perform the repurchase obligation under the agreement items, and shall not take the circumstance that there exist other guarantors or guarantee types as grounds of defence.  

8/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

10. Validation, change and termination of the agreement   
  10.1 The agreement is the appendix of "Contracts for Financial Lease". If there exists discrepancy between the agreement and  Contract for Financial Leasing , it is deemed to be the change and modification of "Contracts for Financial Lease".  
  10.2 The agreement comes into effect after the legal representative or authorized agent of both parts of lessor and repurchaser signs and affixes the official seal.  
  10.3 For all circumstances related to modification, supplement or change on the agreement, shall make in in writing separately, and come into effect after the legal representative or authorized agent of both parties signs and seals. The above-mentioned modification, supplement or change is the indivisible component part of the agreement. Without written consent of other parties, any party shall not transfer any rights and obligations under the agreement or the agreement items.  
  10.4 Both parties hereby solemnly confirm that, unless otherwise specified in the agreement, any party shall not arbitrarily terminate the agreement in advance.  
   11. Appendixes and copies   
  11.1 The appendixes of the agreement include:  
  Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)  
  11.2 The agreement original is in quadruplicate and both parties hold 2 copies. Each one has the same legal effect.  
   12. Communication   
  12.1 Various notices, requirements or other communication that shall be made under the agreement items shall be made in writing and be sent to the following address or telex or fax number of parties concerned (Or other addresses, telexes or fax numbers notified to the other party by the addressee 10 days in advance):  
  To lessor: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: ZHANG Min  
  Address: Floor 4, Guest Building, Beijing Friendship Hotel, Nanda Street No.1, Zhongguancun, Haidian District, Beijing  
  Phone: 010-68940066-9712   
  Fax: 010-68484326  

9/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

To repurchaser: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: WEI Guohua  
  Address: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City, Handan, Hebei Province  
  Phone: 0310-5677626 Fax: 0310-5677980  
     
  12.2 Any notices, requirements or other communications issued to the parties concerned under the agreement items according to the above-mentioned address shall be deemed as service of process:  
  (1) If they are sent in a form of letter, it shall be deemed to be service of process once it is actually delivered to the relevant address;  
  (2) If they are sent in a form of telex, it is deemed to be the service of process once the confirmation receipt is sent and received;  
  (3) If they are sent in a form of fax, it is deemed as the service of process once they are sent out.  
   13. Signing address   
  13.1 The signing address of the agreement is Haidian District, Beijing.  
   14. Other agreements   

(There is no main body as follows)  

10/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(This page is the signature page without text)  

Lessor (Official seal): Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.               (Seal)  
     
   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co.,     Ltd. Special seal for contractual use      (Seal)   
     
  Legal representative (Or authorized agent):                    (Signature or seal)   
     
  Date: January 20, 2015  
     
  Repurchaser (Official seal): Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
     
   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)   
     
  Legal representative (Or authorized agent):                         (Signature or seal)   
     
  Date: January 20, 2015  

11/12 

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)   

Repurchase Advice Note  
     
  Serial number:  
     
                                                                                (Repurchaser):  
     
  According to the  Repurchase agreement  (Contract No.:_________)signed by your company, our company and lessee______________________, your company shall perform repurchase obligations when the repurchase conditions are completed.  
     
  As the following matters occur________________, according to agreement of  Repurchase agreement , the repurchase conditions have been completed and our company now formally requires your company to perform repurchase obligations.  
     
  Please, after your company remits the repurchase price (RMB__________) to our company account (Account name:________; deposit bank:_______; account number:________) in a lump sum before______Year____Month____Day after receiving the advice note. If your company doesn't pay overdue repurchase price with a full amount, shall pay liquidated damages to our company according to___in a million per day of overdue payment unpaid, please understand.  
     
  Attach: One copy of details about repurchase price  
     
  Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                                 (Seal)  
     
  Legal representative (Or authorized agent):                      (Signature or seal)  
     
  Date:    

One advice note is copied to            lessee           .  

12/12  

</EX-10.52>

<EX-10.53>
 22
 ex10-53.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.53
 
   ex10-53.htm 

Exhibit 10.53   
     
   Manufacturer Rebate Contract   
     
   Party A (  The   Lessor) : Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: Building 3, Financial Center, No. 158, Xisan Road, Airport Free Trade Zone, Tianjin  
  Legal Representative: Kong Linshan  
  Telephone: 010-68940066  
  Fax: 010-68489378  
     
   Party B   (  The Lessee  ) : Handan Public Transport Corporation  
  Domicile: No. 43, Renmin West Road, Fuxing District, Handan  
  Legal Representative: Du Haichao  
  Telephone: 0310-5602028  
  Fax: 0310-5602028  
     
   Party C   (  The Seller  ) : Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: Changbei Village, Dongzhu, Wuan Town, Handan, Hebei  
  Legal Representative: Wei Guohua  
  Telephone: 0310-5677626  
  Fax: 0310-5677980  

1/6 

Whereas:  
  Party A (as the Lessor) and Party B (as the Lessee) have signed a "Financing Lease Contract" (Contract Number: [MSFL-2014-2953-V- HZ-002] on  January 2  0  , 2015 , and Party B has purchased [New Energy Buses] from Party C at the purchase price of RMB  53  ,600,00  0.00 Yuan (in words: Fifty Three Million and Six Hun  dred Thousand Yuan   Only) .  
  In the principles of equality, voluntariness, integrity and mutual benefit, upon friendly consultations as well as according to the "Contract Law of the People's Republic of China" as well as other relevant laws and regulations, Party A, Party B and Party C hereby entered into this Contract in respect that Party C will rebate Party A, for joint abidance.  
   Article 1 Rebate   Proportion   
  1.1 The initial rebate given to Party A by Party C shall be [8]% of the purchase price as agreed in the "Financing Lease Contract", totally RMB [ 4,  288,000 ] Yuan (in words:  Four   Million Two H  undred and Eighty Eight   Yuan Only ).  
  1.2 In the lease term, the period rebate given to Party A by Party C shall be RMB [ 185,380.91 ] Yuan each phase (in words:  One Hundred and Eighty Five Thousand Three     Hundred   and   Eighty   Yuan   and Ninety One C  en  t ). For details, please see Annex 1 Rebate Payment Table.  
   Article   2   Rebate   Payment Time and Mode   
  2.1 Payment time  
  Party C shall pay rebates to Party A as agreed in the Contract on the same date on which Party B receives the first batch of finance lease payments from Party A.  

2/6 

2.2 Payment mode  
  The rebate should be paid in accordance with the following mode:  
  Pay to the following account of Party A in a lump sum according to the time under the Contract:  
  Bank: Weigong Village Sub-branch of China Minsheng Bank   
  Name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.   
  Account Number: 0121014040000361  
   Article   3 Contract Commencement, Change and T  ermination   
  3.1 This Contract is an annex to the "Financial Lease Contract" and has the same legal effect as the "Financial Lease Contract". For any inconsistency between this Contract and the "Financial Lease Contract", this Contract shall prevail.  
  3.2 This Contract shall only take effect after its being signed by legal representatives or authorized agents of the three parties and stamped with the company chop.  
  3.3 Where there is any modification, addition or change to this Contract, they should be made in writing separately and only take effect after their being signed by legal representatives or authorized agents of the three parties and stamped with the company chop. The aforementioned modifications, additions or changes are an integral part of this Contract.  

3/6 

3.4 The three parties hereby confirm that, unless otherwise provided by this Contract, no party will be allowed to terminate this Contract in advance.  
   Article   4   Miscellaneous   
  4.1 This Contract was signed at  Haidian District ,  Beijing .  
  4.2 The original Contract is  in quadruplicate , among which Party A holds  two  copies, Party B holds  one  copy and Party C holds  one  copy, each having the same legal effect.  
     
  Party A:   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Official seal)  
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):              (Signature or seal)  
  Date: January 20, 2015  
  Special Seal for Contracts of Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
  Zhou Wei (Seal)  
     
  Party B:   Handan Public Transport Corporation (Official seal)  
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):              (Signature or seal)  
  Date: January 20, 2015  
  Handan Public Transport Corporation (Seal)  
  Du Haichao (Seal)  

4/6 

Party C:   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Official seal)  
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):              (Signature or seal)  
  Date: January 20, 2015  
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
  Wei Guohua (Seal)  

5/6 

Annex 1:  
   Rebate Payment Table   
  If the manufacturer rebate payment date is not the preceding business day.  

Special Seal for Contracts of Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Seal)  

6/6  

</EX-10.53>

<EX-10.54>
 23
 ex10-54.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.54
 
   ex10-54.htm 

Exhibit 10.54   

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing     

DEPOSIT CONTRACT   

No.: [ MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ- 009  FXJ ]  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
     
  August 12, 2014  

1/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Content  s   

Deposit Contract   
 
  3    

1. Amount and Payment of the Deposit   
 
  4    

2. Obligations of Party B   
 
  5    

3. Deduction of Deposit   
 
  5    

4. Complement of the Deposit   
 
  5    

5. Management of the Deposit   
 
  6    

6. Responsibilities for Breach of the Contract   
 
  6    

7. Application of Laws and Dispute Resolution   
 
  7    

8. Communication   
 
  7    

9. Validity, Accessory and Copies   
 
  8    

10. Other Matters   
 
  8    

11. Other Agreements   
 
  9    

Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)   
 
  11     

2/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Deposit Contract   
       
  Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Address: No.3 Building of Financial Centre, No.158, Xisandao Road, Kongxiang Tariff-free Zone, Tianjin  
  Legal Representative: Kong Linshan, post: Chairman  
  Tel: 010-68940066  
  Fax: 010-68489378  
     
  Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   
  Address: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City  
  Legal Representative: Wei Guohua, post: President  
  Tel: 0310-5677626   
  Fax: 0310-5677980  
  The above Party A and Party B are combined by naming  the two parties , and are named by  the party , respectively.  
     
  Whereas:  
  1. The leaser, namely Party A, and the tenant, namely Handan Head Office of Public Transportation have signed  Contract for Finance Lease  on finance lease matters (Contract Number:  MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009 , short for   Contract for Finance Lease   hereinafter). According to  Contract for Finance Lease , the tenant accepts the leasehold (short for  the leasehold  hereinafter) listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  by finance lease and the tenant pays Party A accrued expenses such as the rent. Party B is the supplier of the above leasehold listed in  Contract for Finance Lease.   
  2. In order to guarantee the tenant under  Contract for Finance Lease  to smoothly and completely implement the payment obligations, Party B agrees to pay Party A the performing deposit (Short for  the deposit  hereinafter) agreed by the contract.  

3/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Now, Party A and Party B sign up this contract on matters related with the deposit in order to abide by their agreements together by friendly negotiation.  
    1. Amount and Payment of the Deposit     
  1.1 The currency of deposit is:  RMB ; the amount is (in the capital form of a Chinese number): Twenty million seven hundred and twenty thousand Yuan only (in Arabic number: 4,800,000.00 Yuan).  
  1.2 Party A returns back the deposit 1.2 million Yuan to Party B under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract after twelve months since the No. MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-    - FXJ  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire; after twenty-four months since  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  1.2   million Yuan  to Party B; after sixty months since  Contract for Finance Lease  is on hire and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  0.96   million Yuan  to Party B; after the lease term is over and under this circumstance that the tenant does not exceed the time limit and both the leaser and Party B do not break the contract, Party A returns back the deposit  1.44   million Yuan  to Party B.  
  1.3 Party B should pay the deposit by one-off payment to the following account of Party A on the same day when Party A pays purchase expense of leasehold listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  to the tenant (if the purchase expense of leasehold is paid by installments, it must be the day when the leaser pays the first purchase expense of leasehold):  
  Account Name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Beijing Weigong Village Branch of China Minsheng Banking Co., Ltd.  
  Bank account: 0121014040000361  

4/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing  

2. Obligations of Party B     
  2.1 Party B should completely and properly perform his obligations under this contract including but not limited to paying the deposit to the leaser according to the agreed time, method or amount of this contract.  
    3. Deduction of Deposit    
  3.1 If the tenant does not perform obligations listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  by appointments, Party A has rights to, even without the permission of Party B, voluntarily deduct the relevant unpaid funds from the deposit paid by Party B in the order of cost, other payables, liquidated damages, compensation, damage awards, and rent payable.  
  3.2 If there is the debt appointed by  Contract for Finance Lease  and it should be assumed by the tenant, and Party A pays it on behalf of the tenant because the tenant delays or refuses to perform the debt, Party A has rights even without the permission of Party B to voluntarily deduct corresponding funds from the deposit paid by Party B.  
    4. Complement of the Deposit     
  4.1 After deducting the relevant funds, Party A has the right to send out  Notification of Complementing Deposit  (more details in Accessory One) to Party B to inform Party B of matters related with deposit deduction and require Party B to complement the deducted funds in full amount by the deadline ensured by  Notification of Complementing Deposit.  Party B should complement the deducted funds in full amount according to the requirements of  Notification of Complementing Deposit  sent by Party A.  
  4.2 If the balance is still insufficient to deduct all relevant funds after complementing the deposit, Party A has rights to ask Party B to complement the deposit again till it can deduct all relevant funds and the balance of the deposit is not lower than the deposit amount in Item1.1 after deduction.  

5/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   
    
    5. Management of the Deposit     
  5.1 The deposit guarantees the tenant to properly and punctually pay the rent and perform other obligations regulated by  Contract for Finance Lease . When the tenant strictly performs obligations according to  Contract for Finance Lease  or even though he breaks the contract, his actions are corrected and approved by Party A, Party A returns back the deposit in full amount to Party B and the deposit does not count interests within (five) working days after the lease term stated by  Contract for Finance Lease  is over.  
  5.2 If  Contract for Finance Lease  is terminated in advance, the tenant should pay account payable listed in  Contract for Finance Lease  ahead. If the tenant postpones paying or refuse to pay, Party A has rights even without the permission of Party B to voluntarily deduct relevant funds from the deposit paid by Party B. If after settling this account there is still some balance, Party A should returns back the balance of the deposit capital to Party B within (five) working days since  Contract for Finance Lease  is over.  
  5.3 Party A returns back the deposit to the following account of Party B according to regulations of Item 5.1:  
  Account Name: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Wu an Branch of Bank of China Limited  
  Bank account: 100399447466  
    6. Responsibilities for Breach of the Contract       
  6.1 If Party B does not pay the deposit according to this contract, Party A has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease  and stop to supply the tenant with finance lease service. Therewith, Party A does not to assume any responsibilities and the tenant should assume corresponding responsibilities for breach of the contract according to  Contract for Finance Lease.   
  6.2 If Party B does not complement the deposit in full amount according to requirements, Party B should pay liquidated damage to Party A by the rate of five-ten thousandths for the un-complemented part ( from the next day when the complement term stated by  Notification of Complementing Deposit  to the day when the deposit is actually complemented).  

6/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   
    
  6.3 If Party B is reluctant to perform the duty to complement the deposit and it makes the balance of the deposit insufficient to sustain for (five) days, Party A has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease  and ask the tenant to assume corresponding responsibilities for breach of the contract according to  Contract for Finance Lease.   
    7. Application of Laws and Dispute Resolution     
  7.1 This contract and rights and obligations of the two parties listed in this contract apply to laws of the People s Republic of China and are explained according to laws of the People s Republic of China.  
  7.2 As for all disputes related with this contract, the two parties should friendly negotiate to settle according to this contract. If negotiations can not settle, any party can institute legal proceedings to the people s court with jurisdiction in Tianjin where this contract is performed.  
    8. Communication     
  8.1 Except there are other regulations in this contract, documents, notifications, requirements and other communications included by this contract should be made in written form and must be sent to the following addresses of relevant parties by expressage, registered post, telex, fax or other communication methods:  
  To Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: Zhang Min  
  Address: No.1 Guest Building, South Street, Zhongguancun, Haidian District, Beijing   
  Tel: 010-68940066-9712   
  Fax: 010-68940066-9864  
     
  To Party B: [Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.]  
  Addressee: [Zhu Bin]  
  Address: [North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu an Town, Wu an City]  
  Tel: [310-5677626]  
  Fax: [310-5677980]  

7/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   
    
  8.2 If it is sent by expressage, the above document or notification is regarded as to be delivered on the third day after they are sent out to the post; if it is sent by registered post, the above document or notification is regarded as to be delivered on the fifth day after they are sent out to the post; if it is dent by telex, it is regarded as to be delivered when it is sent out and receives the confirmation receipt; if it is sent by fax, it is regarded as to be delivered when it is sent out.  
  8.3 If any item of contact information is changed, the relevant party should inform changed contact information to the other party in written form according to this contract within seven days after it is changed. Hereafter, documents and notifications of this contract should be delivered by the changed contact information. If the relevant party does not inform in time, all adverse consequences caused by this should be assumed by the responsible party.  
    9. Validity, Accessory and Copies     
  9.1 This contract is the indivisible part of  Contract for Finance Lease .  
  9.2 The accessory of this contract is the indivisible part of this contract and has the same legal effect as this contract. The accessory includes:  
  Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)  
  9.3 This contract takes effect since legal representatives or authorized agents of the two parties sign up and seal the official seal of legal person. During the performance term of this contract, this contract is terminated at the same time if  Contract for Finance Lease  is terminated.  
  9.4 This contract is quadruplicate. Party A has two copies and Party B has two copies. Every copy is with equal legal effect.  
    10. Other Matters     
  10.1 If any item of this contract is invalid for some reason, the invalidation of this item does not affect the effectiveness and the enforceability of other items in this contract. The two parties should continue to perform other items in this contract.  

8/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   
    
  10.2 Under this contract, any tolerance, grace, preference or postponement to perform rights given to Party B by Party A do not influence, damage or confine Party A to enjoy all rights according to this contract and laws. It should not be regarded as that Party A waives rights and interests under this contract. And it can not exempt any obligations that Party B should assume under this contract.  
  10.3 When signing this contract, Party A has explained and interpreted all items of this contract to Party B in details. The two parties have no doubt about all items of this contract and have correct comprehension of the parties  relevant rights and obligations and limitation of responsibilities or the intendment of law of exemption items.  
    11. Other Agreements     
  (The below does not have the main body)  

9/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   
    
  (This page is the signature page without the main body)  

Party A: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.          (Official Seal)  
     
   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. Special Seal for Contractual Uses   (seal)   
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):               (Signature)   
     
  Date: August 12, 2014  

Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Official Seal)  
     
   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   (seal)   
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):              (Signature)   
     
  Date: August 12, 2014  

10/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   
    
    Accessory One: Notification of Complementing Deposit (Layout, without the Main Body)    

Notification of Complementing Deposit   

To: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   

About: Matters related with deposit complement includes in No._________  Deposit Contract   
     
  According to regulations of Deposit Contract (Number is:________________) signed by our company and your company on ___ (m)___(d), ___(y), the deposit balance of your company is insufficient now and more details are listed in the following table:  
     
  Unit: RMB Yuan  

Appointed Deposit  
   Amount   
 
  Existing Deposit  
   Balance   
 
  Deposit Amount Complemented  
   This Time    

Remarks (Presentation of the deduction of the deposit):  

11/12 

Deposit Contract of Minsheng Financial Leasing   
    
  Please your company to pay the deposit complemented this time in full amount and in time to the following account of our company before ___ (m) __ (d), ___(y):  
     
  Opening bank:   
     
  Account Name:  
     
  Bank account:  
     
  Linkman:  
     
  Tel:  
     
  Fax:  
     
  (Please your company to pay attention, if your company postpones paying or refuse to pay the deposit, our company has rights to prior use any funds, which is paid by your company since the day when this notification is sent out, to deduct liquidated damage caused by postponing paying or refusing to pay the deposit and the deposit amount that should be complemented by your company this time. And if the balance of the deposit is insufficient to sustain for (five) days, our company has rights to discharge  Contract for Finance Lease , and your company should assume all consequences and responsibilities caused by this.)  
     
  It is hereby announced.  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                (Official Seal)  
     
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):     (Signature)  
     
  Date:  

12/12    

</EX-10.54>

<EX-10.55>
 24
 ex10-55.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.55
 
   ex10-55.htm 

Exhibit 10.55   

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing    

Repurchase Agreement   

Serial number: [MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009)-HG]  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
     
  August 12, 2014  

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Contents  

1. Subject matter of repurchase   
 
  2    

2. Repurchase conditions   
 
  3    

3. Repurchase price   
 
  5    

4. Repurchase procedures   
 
  5    

5. Liability for breach of contract   
 
  7    

6. Assignment of credit   
 
  7    

7. Commitment and guarantee of repurchaser   
 
  7    

8. Application of law and dispute resolution   
 
  8    

9. Validity of agreement   
 
  8    

10. Validation, change and termination of the agreement   
 
  9    

11. Appendixes and copies   
 
  9    

12. Communication   
 
  9    

13. Signing address   
 
  10    

14. Other agreements   
 
  10    

Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)   
 
  12     

1/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Repurchase Agreement   
       
  Party A (Lessor): Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: No.3 Building of Financial Centre, No.158, Xisandao Road, Kongxiang Tariff-free Zone, Tianjin  
  Legal representative: Kong Linshan  
  Phone: 010-68940066   
  Fax: 010-68489378  
     
  Party B (Repurchaser): Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City, Handan, Hebei Province  
   Legal representative: WEI Guohua  
  Phone: 0310-5677626   
  Fax: 0310-5677980  
     
  Whereas:  
  The lessor and the lessee Handan head company of public transport (Hereinafter referred to as "lessee") signed the  Contract for Financial Leasing  (Hereinafter referred to as  Contract for Financial Leasing ) with a contract No. of "MSFL-2014-2953-V-HZ-009" in July of 2015. The repurchaser is the vendor of lease hold of contract for financial leasing.  
  Through friendly negotiation, the lessor and repurchaser come to the following agreement on the repurchasing matters of lease hold under  Contract for Financial Leasing .  
   1. Subject matter of repurchase   
  1.1 The subject matter of repurchase under this agreement is:  
  (1) Leased equipment under  Contract for Financial Leasing ;  
  (2) The leasing financial claim enjoyed by the lessor on lessee under  Contract for Financial Leasing  (The leasing financial claim under this agreement means that the leaser collects rent unpaid, other rights of accrued expenses and other contract rights from the lessee).  

2/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

2. Repurchase conditions   
  2.1 If the lessee has the following event of default under  Contract for Financial Leasing , the lessor has the right to require the repurchaser to perform repurchase duty:  
  (1) The whole or part of rents of current period of lessee exceeds 30 natural days;  
  (2) Serious quality or technical problems exist in the lease hold, but the lessee and repurchaser, through common written confirmation, confirm that it is impossible to achieve leasing purpose;  
  (3) Any statement or guarantee made to lessor by lessee in  Contract for Financial Leasing  or the documents related to  Contract for Financial Leasing  isn't true and comprehensive;  
  (4) The lessee violates the Article 8 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  on the ownership of lessor on equipment leasing about the clause that it is not allowed to move away, cover or set the mark of owner, refusing lessor to inspect the leased equipment or voluntarily carrying out connexio, mixing and processing on leased equipment without written consent of lessor, etc., no measures are taken to correct within 10 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (5) The lessee violates the Article 9 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  about the regulation of leased equipment possession and use;  
  (6) The lessee violates the Article 10 of  Contract for Financial Leasing  about the regulation of leased equipment maintenance and repair, and does not take measures to correct within 10 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (7) The lessee fails to perform the obligation of effect on insurance according to agreement of Article 12 of  Contract for Financial Leasing ;  
  (8) The lessor reasonably believes that the guarantee provided by lessee decreases or losses guarantee credibility or guarantee ability, and the lessee still doesn't provide the guarantee meeting requirement of lessor within 10 days after the lessor informs;  
  (9) The lessee violates other clauses of  Contract for Financial Leasing  and still doesn't take measures to correct within 15 days after written notice of lessor;  
  (10) The lessee, without just cause, definitely shows that he will not perform "Contracts for Financial Lease", or the lessor has unambiguous evidence to prove that the lessee will not perform or cannot perform the contract when the deadline for performance of "Contracts for Financial Lease" comes, however the lessee fails to supplement and provide necessary performance guarantee or the performance guarantee supplemented and provided is insufficient to guarantee the performing of "Contracts for Financial Lease";  

3/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(11) The event of default occurs under any contract signed by lessee and any the third party or the lessee fails to pay the debt under any contract signed by him and the third party, and such status may seriously and unfavorably affects the obligations performed by lessee under "Contracts for Financial Lease", however, the lessee fails to supplement and provide necessary performance guarantee or the performance guarantee is insufficient to guarantee the performing of "performance guarantee";  
  (12) The change situations including closing, termination of business, production suspending, reduction of capital, division and bankruptcy, etc. happen to the lessee or the lessee stops carrying on business of any main parts, or the lessee proposes the situations including application related to bankruptcy and business closing or the situations are proposed for lessee, or the economic status of lessee shows a substantial deterioration;  
  (13) The lessee carries out restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, combination, external guarantee or transferring all his or substantial assets, and it has affected the normal performance of contractual debt;  
  (14) The leased equipment is frozen, detained, executed, sealed up or other situations affecting normal operation of leased equipment occur, and the lessee fails to eliminate the above-mentioned circumstances within 10 working days after the circumstance occurs;  
  (15) The lessee abnormally and, violating principle of fairness, sell, transfer, rent or handle his business or assets in other ways, or all or any substantial part of property or rights of lessee is confiscated, detained, expropriated, sealed up, compulsively executed or deprived, which causes that the state of operation deteriorates seriously, sufficient to affect the ability to perform "Contracts for Financial Lease" for lessee;  
  (16) The lessee has any fraudulent conducts in process of performing "Contracts for Financial Lease";  

4/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(17) Other major events probably affecting normal performance of contractual debt happen to the lessee , or the lessee has other behaviors seriously damaging leased equipment and lawful rights and interests of lessor.  
  2.2 When the particulars of a matter in Article 2.1 of the agreement occur and the lessor requires to perform repurchase obligation, the repurchaser hereon agrees to unconditionally repurchase the leased equipment and leasing financial claim according to repurchase price agreed in Article 3 of the agreement.  
   3. Repurchase price   
  3.1 The repurchase price under the agreement is the sum of three amounts as follows:  
  (1) All matured rents unpaid and all unmatured principal that lessee shall pay under "Contracts for Financial Lease";  
  (2) The liquidated damages that the lessee shall assume according to agreement of "Contracts for Financial Lease";  
  (3) The reasonable expenses incurred actually caused by the circumstance that the lessor coordinates with the repurchaser to carry out repurchase matters after he is agreed or entrusted by the repurchaser, including but not limited to the expenses including investigation charges, travelling expenses, lawyer's fee and expense of lawsuit, etc.  
  3.2 The specific repurchase price is confirmed when the repurchaser performs repurchase obligations and is clearly listed in  Repurchase Advice Not  e  (See appendix 1 for more about format).  
   4. Repurchase procedures   
  4.1 When the repurchase conditions under the agreement are completed, if the lessor requires the repurchaser to perform repurchase obligation, shall issue the  Repurchase Advice Not  e . The  Repurchase Advice Not  e  shall be clearly lised with contents of repurchase matters, repurchase price, calculation basis, and payment term, etc. The lessor shall also notify the repurchase matters to the lessee in writing.  
  4.2 The repurchaser shall unconditionally pay all repurchase price to the following account within 5 working days after the lessor issues the  Repurchase Advice Not  e :  
  Account name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Opening bank: Beijing Weigong Village Branch of China Minsheng Banking Co., Ltd.  
  Bank account: 0121014040000361  

5/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

4.3 After the lessor receives all repurchase price of repurchaser, the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim are transferred to the repurchaser, and the  Contract for Financial Leasing  terminates. If the repurchaser or lessee suffers a loss due to repurchase, they shall voluntarily handle through negotiations and it has nothing to do with the lessor.  
  4.4 The lessor shall transfer the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim, issue  Certificate for   T  ransferring   O  wnership of   L  eased   E  quipment  and hand over the document of laws related to the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim within 5 working days after receiving all repurchaser's repurchase price. Such documents' handover shall be deemed to the transfer of the ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim. The lessor assumes no responsibility for the physical delivery and transfer of leased equipment and does not make any guarantee on the state and function of leased equipment. The repurchuser agrees to receive unconditionally according to the actual conditions at the scheduled time including the actual location and present condition during repurchasing. The specific delivery matters of leased equipment can be negotiated additionally by the repurchaser and lessee.  
  4.5 Within the term of lease, derogation and losses happen to the leased equipment, if it belongs to the circumstance in Article 11.2 of "Contracts for Financial Lease" or Article 11.3, however the lessor chooses the ways listed in Clause (2) of Article 11.3 to handle, when the repurchase conditions are completed and the lessor requires to repurchase, the repurchaser shall still perform the repurchase obligation to repurchase the leased equipment and leasing financial claim after replacement according to the agreement.  
  4.6 Within the term of lease, if the delivery cannot be completed due to derogation and losses of leased equipment or any other reasons, the repurchaser shall still perform repurchase obligation according to the agreement. The repurchase price agreed in Article 3 isn't changed (Unless the lessor has gained compensation from insurance money, at this moment, the part compensated by lessor from insurance money shall be deducted for the repurchase price). Under such circumstance, the lessor only needs to transfer leasing financial claim to the repurchaser without the need for delivery of leased equipment; the repurchaser shall not take the condition that leased equipment cannot be delivered as the counterargument for not performing repurchase obligation.  

6/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

5. Liability for breach of contract   
  5.1 The lessor shall, after the repurchaser has paid the repurchase price, timely handle procedures of transfer of ownership of leased equipment and leasing financial claim according to agreement. If it isn't handled timely according to agreement, shall compensate the direct losses caused to the repurchaser by this.  
  5.2 The repurchaser doesn't perform the repurchase obligation according to agreement and timely pay repurchase price with full amount when the repurchase conditions are completed, it is deemed to be the breach of contract of repurchaser. The repurchaser shall continue to comprehensively perform repurchase obligation. In addition, he shall also pay the liquidated damages to the lessor according to 5 parts in a million per day of overdue payment unpaid.  
   6. Assignment of credit   
  6.1 Within the expiration date of the agreement, the lessor, for the need of financing, has the right to transfer the whole or part of rights in "Contracts for Financial Lease" in ways of including but not limited to factoring, asset securitization and credit asset transfer, etc. to the commercial bank or other financial institutions.  
  6.2 The repurchaser hereby confirms that such transfer does not affect any rights and obligations of lessee in  Contract for Financial Leasing  and also does not affect the repurchase obligation of repurchaser under the agreement. No matter how the leasing financial claim is transferred, the repurchaser still has the obligation to perform repurchase obligation to the heir, alienee or successor of lessor.  
   7. Commitment and guarantee of repurchaser   
  7.1 The repurchaser promises that his repurchase obligation under the agreement is unconditional and irrevocable, and he shall guarantee to have performed all legal procedures and all other authorization approvals required.  
  7.2 The repurchaser promises that the repurchase obligation shall be still performed according to the agreement even if the leased equipment is detained and frozen by the organ of power.  

7/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

7.3 The repurchase obligations of repurchaser aren't influenced by the following matters or any other matters that shall not be attributed to the lessor:  
  (1) Name of repurchaser, address, articles, legal representative, business scope and change of nature of enterprise;  
  (2) Merger, division, termination of business, revocation, dissolution and bankruptcy, etc. happen to repurchaser.  
  7.4 The heir, alienee or successor of repurchaser are restricted by the agreement and shall assume all responsibilities under the agreement. Without written consent of lessor, the repurchaser shall not transfer any rights and obligations under the agreement.  
   8. Application of law and dispute resolution   
  8.1 The rights and obligations of each party under the agreement and items of the agreement apply to the Chinese law and are interpreted according to the Chinese law.  
  8.2 For the disputes related to the agreement, the lessor and repurchaser shall settle them through friendly consultation according to the contents agreed in the agreement. If they cannot be solved through negotiations, shall apply the regulation of Article 1 as follows:  

(1)   
 
  Any party can institute a law suit to the People's Court with right of jurisdiction in Tianjin.    

(2)   
 
  Choose___________________________to arbitrate:    

(3)   
 
  Others:      
   9. Validity of agreement   
  9.1 The validity of agreement starts from date that it comes into effect and ends at the time that all leasing financial claim of lessor under "Contracts for Financial Lease" are realized.  
  9.2 The repurchaser hereby promises that, within the validity of agreement, once the repurchase conditions are completed and the lessor requires to perform the repurchase obligations, the repurchaser will unconditionally and comprehensively perform the repurchase obligation under the agreement items, and shall not take the circumstance that there exist other guarantors or guarantee types as grounds of defence.  

8/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

10. Validation, change and termination of the agreement   
  10.1 The agreement is the appendix of "Contracts for Financial Lease". If there exists discrepancy between the agreement and  Contract for Financial Leasing , it is deemed to be the change and modification of "Contracts for Financial Lease".  
  10.2 The agreement comes into effect after the legal representative or authorized agent of both parts of lessor and repurchaser signs and affixes the official seal.  
  10.3 For all circumstances related to modification, supplement or change on the agreement, shall make in in writing separately, and come into effect after the legal representative or authorized agent of both parties signs and seals. The above-mentioned modification, supplement or change is the indivisible component part of the agreement. Without written consent of other parties, any party shall not transfer any rights and obligations under the agreement or the agreement items.  
  10.4 Both parties hereby solemnly confirm that, unless otherwise specified in the agreement, any party shall not arbitrarily terminate the agreement in advance.  
   11. Appendixes and copies   
  11.1 The appendixes of the agreement include:  
  Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)  
  11.2 The agreement original is in quadruplicate and both parties hold 2 copies. Each one has the same legal effect.  
   12. Communication   
  12.1 Various notices, requirements or other communication that shall be made under the agreement items shall be made in writing and be sent to the following address or telex or fax number of parties concerned (Or other addresses, telexes or fax numbers notified to the other party by the addressee 10 days in advance):  
  To lessor: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: ZHANG Min  
  Address: Floor 4, Guest Building, Beijing Friendship Hotel, Nanda Street No.1, Zhongguancun, Haidian District, Beijing  
  Phone: 010-68940066-9712   
  Fax: 010-68484326  

9/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

To repurchaser: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Addressee: WEI Guohua  
  Address: North Dongzhuchang Village, Wuan Town, Wuan City, Handan, Hebei Province  
  Phone: 0310-5677626 Fax: 0310-5677980  
     
  12.2 Any notices, requirements or other communications issued to the parties concerned under the agreement items according to the above-mentioned address shall be deemed as service of process:  
  (1) If they are sent in a form of letter, it shall be deemed to be service of process once it is actually delivered to the relevant address;  
  (2) If they are sent in a form of telex, it is deemed to be the service of process once the confirmation receipt is sent and received;  
  (3) If they are sent in a form of fax, it is deemed as the service of process once they are sent out.  
   13. Signing address   
  13.1 The signing address of the agreement is Haidian District, Beijing.  
   14. Other agreements   

(There is no main body as follows)  

10/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

(This page is the signature page without text)  

Lessor (Official seal): Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.              (Seal)  

Minsheng Financial Leasing Co.,     Ltd. Special seal for contractual use     (Seal)   
     
  Legal representative (Or authorized agent):                    (Signature or seal)   
     
  Date: August 12, 2014  
     
  Repurchaser (Official seal): Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
     
   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.                                 (Seal)   
     
  Legal representative (Or authorized agent):                         (Signature or seal)   
     
  Date: August 12, 2014  

11/12

Repurchase Contract for Minsheng Financial Leasing  

Appendix 1: Repurchase Advice Note (Format text)   

Repurchase Advice Note  
     
  Serial number:  
     
                                                               (Repurchaser):  
     
  According to the  Repurchase agreement  (Contract No.:                      )signed by your company, our company and lessee______________________, your company shall perform repurchase obligations when the repurchase conditions are completed.  
     
  As the following matters occur________________, according to agreement of  Repurchase agreement , the repurchase conditions have been completed and our company now formally requires your company to perform repurchase obligations.  
     
  Please, after your company remits the repurchase price (RMB__________) to our company account (Account name:________; deposit bank:_______; account number:________) in a lump sum before______Year____Month____Day after receiving the advice note. If your company doesn't pay overdue repurchase price with a full amount, shall pay liquidated damages to our company according to___in a million per day of overdue payment unpaid, please understand.  
     
  Attach: One copy of details about repurchase price  
     
  Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                                 (Seal)  
     
  Legal representative (Or authorized agent):                      (Signature or seal)  
     
  Date:    

One advice note is copied to              lessee             .  

12/12    

</EX-10.55>

<EX-10.56>
 25
 ex10-56.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.56
 
   ex10-56.htm 

Exhibit 10.56   
     
   Manufacturer Rebate Contract   
     
   Party A (  The   Lessor) : Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: Building 3, Financial Center, No. 158, Xisan Road, Airport Free Trade Zone, Tianjin  
  Legal Representative: Kong Linshan  
  Telephone: 010-68940066  
  Fax: 010-68489378  
     
   Party B   (  The Lessee  ) : Handan Public Transport Corporation  
  Domicile: No. 43, Renmin West Road, Fuxing District, Handan  
  Legal Representative: Du Haichao  
  Telephone: 0310-5602028  
  Fax: 0310-5602028  
     
   Party C   (  The Seller  ) : Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  
  Domicile: Changbei Village, Dongzhu, Wuan Town, Handan, Hebei  
  Legal Representative: Wei Guohua  
  Telephone: 0310-5677626  
  Fax: 0310-5677980  

1/6

Whereas:  
  Party A (as the Lessor) and Party B (as the Lessee) have signed a "Financing Lease Contract" (Contract Number: [MSFL-2014-2953-V- HZ] on  August 12  , 201  4 , and Party B has purchased [New Energy Buses] from Party C at the purchase price of RMB  24,000,000 Yuan (in words: Twen  ty Four   Million Yuan Only  ) .  
  In the principles of equality, voluntariness, integrity and mutual benefit, upon friendly consultations as well as according to the "Contract Law of the People's Republic of China" as well as other relevant laws and regulations, Party A, Party B and Party C hereby entered into this Contract in respect that Party C will rebate Party A, for joint abidance.  
   Article 1 Rebate   Proportion   
  1.1 The initial rebate given to Party A by Party C shall be [8]% of the purchase price as agreed in the "Financing Lease Contract", totally RMB [ 1,920,000 ] Yuan (in words:  One   Million   Ninety   Two Thousand Yuan Only ).  
  1.2 In the lease term, the period rebate given to Party A by Party C shall be RMB [ 82,961.60 ] Yuan each phase (in words:  Eight  y Two Thousand and Nine     Hundred     Sixty   One   Yuan   and Sixty Cent ). For details, please see Annex 1 Rebate Payment Table.  
   Article   2   Rebate   Payment Time and Mode   
  2.1 Payment time  
  Party C shall pay rebates to Party A as agreed in the Contract on the same date on which Party B receives the first batch of finance lease payments from Party A.  

2/6

2.2 Payment mode  
  The rebate should be paid in accordance with the following mode:  
  Pay to the following account of Party A in a lump sum according to the time under the Contract:  
  Bank: Weigong Village Sub-branch of China Minsheng Bank   
  Name: Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.   
  Account Number: 0121014040000361  
   Article   3 Contract Commencement, Change and T  ermination   
  3.1 This Contract is an annex to the "Financial Lease Contract" and has the same legal effect as the "Financial Lease Contract". For any inconsistency between this Contract and the "Financial Lease Contract", this Contract shall prevail.  
  3.2 This Contract shall only take effect after its being signed by legal representatives or authorized agents of the three parties and stamped with the company chop.  
  3.3 Where there is any modification, addition or change to this Contract, they should be made in writing separately and only take effect after their being signed by legal representatives or authorized agents of the three parties and stamped with the company chop. The aforementioned modifications, additions or changes are an integral part of this Contract.  

3/6

3.4 The three parties hereby confirm that, unless otherwise provided by this Contract, no party will be allowed to terminate this Contract in advance.  
   Article   4   Miscellaneous   
  4.1 This Contract was signed at  Haidian District ,  Beijing .  
  4.2 The original Contract is  in quadruplicate , among which Party A holds  two  copies, Party B holds  one  copy and Party C holds  one  copy, each having the same legal effect.  
     
  Party A:   Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Official seal)  
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):               (Signature or seal)  
  Date: August 12, 2014  
  Special Seal for Contracts of Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
  Zhou Wei (Seal)  
     
  Party B:   Handan Public Transport Corporation (Official seal)  
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):               (Signature or seal)  
  Date: August 12, 2014  
  Handan Public Transport Corporation (Seal)  
  Li Liping (Seal)  

4/6

Party C:   Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Official seal)  
  Legal Representative (or Authorized Agent):               (Signature or seal)  
  Date: July 6, 2015  
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Seal)  
  Wei Guohua (Seal)  

5/6

Annex 1:  
   Rebate Payment Table   
  If the manufacturer rebate payment date is not the preceding business day.  

Special Seal for Contracts of Minsheng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (Seal)  

6/6   

</EX-10.56>

<EX-10.57>
 26
 ex10-57.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.57
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.57   

Contract No.: PO20131025CG01   

LTO Purchase and Sale Contract    
     
  Signing date: July 2, 2013   

Buyer:  Hebei Yintong New Energy Co., Ltd     
 
  (hereinafter referred to as Party A)    
 
  Contact method: 0310-5172966     

Supplier:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.     
 
  (hereinafter referred to as Party B)    
 
  Contact method:      
     
   Under the principles of fairness, free shall and good shall, and through friendly negotiation, Party A and Party B hereto enter into this Contract and agree to abide by the following terms and conditions as stipulated in this Contract.    
     
   Article 1    

S/N    
 
  Name of materials    
 
  Specification and model    
 
  Unit    
 
  Quantity    
 
  Unit price (RMB 10,000)    
 
  Total price (RMB 10,000)    
 
  Remarks     

1   
 
  Lithium titanium oxide (LTO)    
 
  ALT-LTO-793   
 
  Ton    
 
  2  ,000.00   
 
  20   
 
  40  ,000   
 
  Including both 17% VAT and freight     

The Agreement of the strategic cooperation price: under the consideration of strategic cooperation, Party B agrees to supply product at the cost price to Party A. In the earlier stage of the cooperation, under comprehensive considerations, Party A agrees to purchase the product at a price of RMB 200 per kg. Party B shall lower the price gradually to the cost price according to the consumption of Party A. The Specific Implementation Scheme: every 10t purchased by Party A, the unit price of Party B shall be dropped by 1% until a 20% drop. If there are major price changes in raw material market, both parties shall negotiate the price. This price is an internal price concluded for group purchasing, and Party A shall be strictly confidential.      

Contract No.: PO20131025CG01   
   
   Article 2         1. Packaging requirements: The material code / specification and model/quantity /batch number or batch / production date /purchase order number /material unit / validity period shall be indicated on the carton label. In addition, there shall not be any other words and logos on the carton.    

Material code    

Specification and model    

Order number    

Quantity    

Production batch /Batch number    

Production date    

Material Unit    

Validity period    

2. Transport requirements: The Supplier shall be responsible for the transportation and shall deliver the product safely and timely to the place designated by Party A in the proper transportation mode and packaging method.    
     
   Article 3     Delivery and Payment    
     
  1. Delivery: After the signing of the contract by both parties, Party A shall place orders to purchase in batches. Party B shall deliver the product into the place designated by Party A, namely the main material  warehouse of Wuhan New Energy Industrial Park  within two (2) weeks upon receipt of the purchase order. Party B shall bear the transportation fees and related fees and the risk of subject matter in transportation. The order shall be the affirmation of the current purchasing quantity hereunder under this Contract, with other content complying with the terms and conditions stipulated hereunder.   
     
  2. Payment method: The payment shall be daily balance for 30 days. Party B shall request payout by the receipt.   
     
  3. Invoice: 17% VAT invoice   
     
   Article 4         Acceptance Standards: please refer to the Appendix to the contract, which is an integral part of this Contract and has the same legal effect as this Contract;    
     
   Article 5         Guarantee Clause    

1.    
 
  Party B shall guarantee its ownership and right of disposition of its product delivered to Party A without any mortgage right, lien or other rights that would obstruct Party A's using and selling of the product.      

2.      
 
  Party B shall guarantee its product corresponding with the code requirements of international  lithium electricity industry,  and shall be applicable to the common standards and suitable for party A's production purpose. If failing to meet the quality standards or acceptance standards, Party B shall arrange the replacement freely within three (3) days after receiving the information from Party A. If failing to replace within three (3) days, Party B shall be deemed as overdue delivery, which shall be executed by Article 5, Clause 5 under this Contract.      

3.    
 
  Party B shall guarantee its product safe without any hidden danger and shall not cause any personal and property damage during normal usage process. Party B shall bear relative liability for damage if there's any personal and property damage of any third parties arising from the product offered by Party B. Party A shall not be liable for any liabilities.      

Contract No.: PO20131025CG01   

4.    
 
  Party B shall guarantee Party A free from any lawsuit, arbitration or any claims from the intellectual property by any third parties (including but not limited to patent, trademark right, copyright and non-patented technology) while using the whole or part of Party B's product. Party B shall take full responsibility for and bear all expenses arising from aforementioned incident.      

5.   
 
    If Party B fails to achieve the on-time deliver, Party B shall pay the liquidated damages of  1 % of the total amount of the current order for every overdue day to Party A (including the situation of return and exchanging) and is obligated to pay to Party A additional amount for Party A's loss, if any. If the delivery is overdue for more than  ten (10)  days, Party A shall be entitled to refuse to accept the subject matter or terminate this Contract. Party B shall be liable for the economic loss arising from Party B's overdue delivery, namely Party B shall compensate Party A for its loss. If Party A makes an overdue payment without any justified reasons, Party A shall pay the liquidated damages for breaching of the contract to Party B according to the standards of the loan interest rates stipulated by the People's Bank of China for the corresponding period.       

6.    
 
  Party B shall guarantee the expiration date of aforementioned product no less than two (2) years calculated from the day after the date of acceptance of Party A.      

7.    
 
  All the participators in this project shall keep the business and technology secrets arising from performing of this Contract without revealing any information during any cooperation to any third parties. Otherwise, the default party shall bear the liquidated damages of breaching this Contract to the other party, and if the liquidated damages are not enough to cover the other party's loss, the default party shall compensate the loss.      
     
   Article 6         Contract Termination: Both parties agree to execute according to this Contract and relevant provisions of  Contract Law of the People's Republic of China .   
     
   Article 7         Matters not settled herein shall execute according to  Contract Law of the People's Republic of China .   
     
   Article 8         If any dispute arises between both Parties herein, both parties shall endeavor to settle it by consultation. If the negotiation fails, either party reserves the rights to institute legal proceedings in the local court where Party A is located.   
     
   Article 9         This Contract is in quadruplicate and only validated since the date of signing and sealing by both parties, with either party in possession of two copies. This Contract shall be invalid after either party finishes their performance of the obligations herein.   

Appendix:   LTO Specifications       

Party A (seal): Hebei Yintong New Energy Co., Ltd    
 
  Party B (seal): Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.     

Representative (signature):      
  October 30, 2013    
 
  Representative (signature):      
  DD/MM/YYYY      

Contract No.: PO20131025CG01  
     
  Appendix:   LTO Specifications       

Physical and Chemical Specifications of Altairnano LTO:   

</EX-10.57>

<EX-10.58>
 27
 ex10-58.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.58
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.58   

Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Rule 24b-2 and are subject to a confidential treatment request. Copies of this exhibit containing the omitted information have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The omitted portions of this document are marked with a ***.   
   Purchas  ing     Sales Contract   

Supplier:    Zhuhai Yintong Energy Co., Ltd.    

Buyer:    Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.    
 
  Date of Signing: January 6, 2013     
       
  In order to promote the energy saving and emission reduction work of Wu an, develop green transport and drive the overall development of new-energy automobile industry of the city, the Supplier will supply to the Buyer, at a preferential price better than that of similar products in market, 165 buses, including 90 all-electric buses of 7.5 meters long, 45 all-electric buses of 10.5 meters long and 30 LNG buses of 10.5 meters long, with the specific terms and conditions as follows:  
     
   P  roduct Name, Brand, Model, Manufacturer, Delivery Time   Quantity   

Product Name   
 
  Brand   
 
  Manufacturer   
 
  Unit   
 
  Unit Price (RMB Yuan)   
 
  Quantity (Buses)   
 
  Amount (RMB Yuan)   
 
  Delivery Time   Quantity    

7.5M Electric Bus   
 
  Guangtong   
 
  Guangtong   
 
  Buses   
 
  ***   
 
  90   
 
  ***   

See Article VI  
  of the  
  Contract   ***    

10.5M Electric Bus   
 
  Guangtong   
 
  Guangtong   
 
  Buses   
 
  ***   
 
  45   
 
  ***    

10.5M LNG Bus   
 
  Guangtong   
 
  Guangtong   
 
  Buses   
 
  ***   
 
  30   
 
  ***    

Total Amount (Tax Included): RMB   ***   Yuan (In Words: RMB   ***  )   

I.   
 
  Quality requirements, technical standards, conditions and time limit on and within which the Supplier shall be responsible for product quality: Delivery shall be made according to the original quality and technical standards. One-year guarantee for the body from the date of delivery; three-year guarantee for LiFePo4 batteries and the drive system components of the all-electric buses with LiFePo4 batteries; five-year guarantee for Li4Ti5O12 batteries and the drive system components of the all-electric buses with Li4Ti5O12 batteries. The Supplier shall bear no responsibility for any component damage caused by usage under abnormal conditions by the Buyer.      

1

II.   
 
  Quality standards: Meet relevant quality standards and requirements of the State and the industry.      

III.     
 
  Point of departure:  Zhuhai      

IV.         
 
  Point of delivery:  Wu     an      

V.   
 
  Mode of transport, arrival station   expense bearing: Motor transport, with the freight borne by the Buyer.      

VI.   
 
  Delivery time, quantity and price     

VII.   
 
  Term of payment:     

1.   
 
  After signing of the contract, the Buyer shall pay RMB*** to the Supplier before taking delivery in 2013; from 2014, the Buyer shall pay for the products supplied in the current year to the Supplier before the end of March each year.      

2.   
 
  The specific quantity and time for delivery shall be subject to the paid-up amount.     

VIII.   
 
  Acceptance standard: In case of any objection to the appearance quality of the products at the time of acceptance, the Buyer shall raise it on the spot. See the attached table for specific configuration.      

IX.   
 
  The Supplier offers  three guarantees  (for repair, replacement and compensation of faulty products) for its products. See Product Quality Manual and After-sales Service Manual of Guangtong for details. Quality assurance is subject to national standards.      

2

X.   
 
  Liabilities for breach of the Contract: Subject to relevant laws and regulations of the State.     

XI.   
 
  Settlement of disputes: Negotiation or arbitration.     

XII.   
 
  The Contract is made out in quadruplicate and shall come into effect upon signing and sealing of both parties. The effectiveness shall continue for three years from the date of signing.      

XIII.   
 
  Other agreements     

1.   
 
  Any other matters related to the Contract shall be settled in separate agreements through negotiation by both parties.     

2.   
 
  The Contract shall come into effect from the date of signing and sealing. It is made out in quadruplicate, with each party holding two copies, and each copy shall have the same legal effect as the original.     

3.   
 
  The following appendices shall have the same legal effect as the Contract:     
  Appendix I GT6750E 7.5M All-electric Minibus   Effect Picture  
  Appendix II GT6750E 7.5M All-electric Minibus   Seating Arrangement Plan  
  Appendix III GT6750E 7.5M All-electric Minibus   Technical Parameters  
  Appendix IV GT6750E 7.5M All-electric Minibus   List of Vehicle Configurations  
  Appendix V GT6105E 10.5M All-electric Bus   Effect Picture   
  Appendix VI GT6105E 10.5M All-electric Bus   Seating Arrangement Plan  
  Appendix VII GT6105E 10.5M All-electric Bus   Technical Parameters  
  Appendix VIII GT6105E 10.5M All-electric Bus   List of Vehicle Configurations  
  Appendix IX Guangtong 10.5M LNG Bus   Effect Picture  
  Appendix X Guangtong 10.5M LNG Bus   Technical   Service Requirements  
  Appendix XI Requirements on Purchase Price of Vehicle Battery  

Supplier (Seal):   
  Company Name:  Zhuhai Yintong Energy Co., Ltd.      
    (Seal)  
  Company Address:  
  Legal Representative: (Signature)  
  Entrusted Agent:  
  Tel:  
  Fax:  
  Bank of Deposit:  
  Account No.:    
 
  Buyer (Seal):   
  Company Name:  Northern   Altairnano   Co  .  , Ltd.    
    (Seal)  
  Company Address:  
  Legal Representative: (Signature)  
  Entrusted Agent:  
  Tel:  
  Fax:  
  Bank of Deposit:  
  Account No.:    

Date of Signing: January 6, 2013    
 
   Date of Signing: January 6, 2013      

3   

</EX-10.58>

<EX-10.59>
 28
 ex10-59.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.59
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.59   

Product Purchases and Sales Contract    

In order to better drive energy conservation and emission reduction in Wu'an City and greatly develop the green traffic at the same time, and also in order to drive the overall development of the new energy automobile industry in Wu'an City. According to the purchases and sales contract signed between Altair Nanotechnologies (China) Co., Ltd. and Wu'an Transport Bureau in April 2012, Supplier shall provide a total of 165 buses including 90 electric buses of 7.5 m, 45 pure electric buses of 10.5 m and 30 LNG buses of 10.5 m for Buyer in the price superior to that of the similar products in the market; the specific purchase contents are as follows:   
     
   Product name, trademark, model, manufacturer, supply time and quantity    

I.    
 
  Quality requirements technical standard, conditions and term of the supplier to be responsible for quality: Deliver the goods according to the quality and technology standards of the original factory; from the delivery date, the warranty period for the vehicle body shall be one year, and the warranty period for the lithium iron phosphate battery and parts of the pure electric bus driving system equipped with lithium iron phosphate battery shall be three years. The warranty period for the LTO battery and parts of the pure electric bus driving system equipped with the LTO battery shall be five years. If the parts damage is caused by Buyer's use in the abnormal condition, it will not be within Supplier's warranty obligation and responsibility.      

II.    
 
  Quality standard: it conforms to the national and industrial related quality standards and requirements.      

III.      
 
  Shipments place:  Zhuhai City       

IV.      
 
  Delivery place:  Wu'an       

V.    
 
  Mode of transportation, arrival port and expense burden: Transported by automobile, and Buyer shall be responsible for the freight.      

1 

VI.    
 
  Supply time, quantity and price      

VII.    
 
  Settlement mode and term:      
     
    Before signing this Contract, Buyer paid RMB 12,000,000 to Supplier in advance as the supply down payment for 2013, and Buyer shall pay the remaining payment for goods in twice before picking up the goods in June and December 2013.   
     
    From 2014, Buyer shall pay 30% of the total supply value of the current year as the down payment to Supplier by the end of every March, and Buyer shall pay the remaining payment for goods to Supplier before picking up the goods every time.   
     
    The specific supply quantity and time shall subject to the down payment.   

VIII.    
 
  Acceptance Standards: Buyer shall put forward the objections on the appearance quality on the scene when the acceptance is conducted; for the specific configuration, see the attached list.      

IX.    
 
  Supplier shall execute "thee guarantees" for products sold; for the specific content, see Guangtong's product quality manual and after-sales service manual; the quality guarantee shall be executed according to the national standards.      

X.    
 
  Liability for Breach of Contract: to be settled according to the national related laws and regulations.      

XI.    
 
  Methods of settling contract dispute: to be negotiated for settlement or to be arbitrated.      

XII.    
 
  This Contract is in quadruplicate and will take effect after both parties' signatures and seals on it; the validity period shall be three years from the contract signing date.      

XIII.    
 
  Other matters agreed:      
     
  1. For the matters associated and extended by this Agreement, the specific scheme shall be negotiated by both parties and signed separately.   
     
  2. This agreement will take effect from the date of signature and seal; it is in quadruplicate and each party has two copies, which have the same legal effect.   

2 

3. Appendix I  GT6750E Type Pure Electric Minibus of 7.5 m-Effect Picture , Appendix II  GT6750E Type Pure Electric Minibus of 7.5 m-Seat Arrangement Picture , Appendix III  GT6750E Type Pure Electric Minibus of 7.5 m- Technical Parameters , Appendix IV  GT6750E Type Pure Electric Minibus of 7.5 m-Vehicle Configuration List , Appendix V  GT6105E Type Pure Electric Coach of 10.5 m-Effect Picture , Appendix VI  GT6105E Type Pure Electric Coach of 10.5 m-Seat Arrangement Picture , Appendix VII  GT6105E Type Pure Electric Coach of 10.5 m-Technical Parameters , Appendix VIII  GT6105E Type Pure Electric Coach of 10.5 m-Vehicle Configuration List , Appendix IX  Guangtong LNG Bus of 10.5 m- Effect Picture , Appendix X  Guangtong LNG Bus of 10.5 m- Technology and Service Requirements  and Appendix XI  Finished Vehicle Battery Purchase Price Requirements . And those appendixes have the equal legal effect with this Agreement.   

Supplier (sealed):    
 
  Buyer (sealed):     

Unit Name: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
 
  Unit Name: Wu'an Transport Bureau     

Unit Address:    
 
  Unit Address:     

Legal representative:   
  Entrusted agent:   

Legal representative:   
  Entrusted agent:    

Tel:    
 
  Tel:     

Fax:    
 
  Fax:     

Opening bank:    
 
  Opening bank:     

Account No.:    
 
  Account No.:      

3   

</EX-10.59>

<EX-10.60>
 29
 ex10-60.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.60
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.60   

Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Rule 24b-2 and are subject to a confidential treatment request. Copies of this exhibit containing the omitted information have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The omitted portions of this document are marked with a ***.   
     
  Agreement No.  

Purchasing and Sales Contract of Electric Bus Products   

Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.  
  Zhuhai Guangtong Automobile Co., Ltd.  

Date:  

Party A:  Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.   

1/4  

Party B: Zhuhai Guangtong Automobile Co., Ltd.  

In order to promote the energy saving and emission reduction of Handan City, develop the green transportation, and drive the overall development of the new energy automobile industry, Party A orders from Party B  200  electric buses powered by high-performance lithium-ion batteries. The details of purchasing are as follows:  
  I. Model, quantity and price of buses  
  1. Model, quantity and price  

Product name   
 
  Brand   
 
  Model   specification   
 
  Manufacturer   
 
  Unit price (million yuan)   
 
  Quantity (vehicle)   
 
  Amount (million yuan)    

10.5m electric bus   
 
  Guangtong   
 
  GTQ6105BEVB1   
 
  Zhuhai Guangtong Automobile Co., Ltd., Handan Branch   
 
  ***   
 
  80   
 
  ***    

12m electric bus   
 
  Guangtong   
 
  GTQ6121BEVB1   
 
  Zhuhai Guangtong Automobile Co., Ltd., Handan Branch   
 
  ***   
 
  120   
 
  ***     
  2. Total amount of the contract (in words):  RMB   ***   Only (  ***  )   .  
  3. National new energy automobile subsidy has been deducted from the above-mentioned unit price. Party B shall apply for and enjoy the national new energy automobile subsidy.   
  II. Quality requirement  , technical standard, and the conditions and term under which Party B is responsible for quality: Complying with the relevant national and industrial quality standards and requirements; warranty of 10 years for batteries, motors and motor controllers of buses; for other parts, warranty subject to the technology agreement and after-sales service agreement.  
  III. The party responsible for after-sales service: Party B (Zhuhai Guangtong Automobile Co., Ltd.) shall provide the after-sales service such as training and quality assurance.  
  IV. Place of delivery: The place designated by Handan Bus Corporation.  
  V. Mode of delivery and expense payment: Party B shall deliver the goods to the place designated by Party A, and Party B shall pay the freight.  

2/4  

VI. Batches, time and quantity of delivery:  
  1. Twenty 10.5m buses to be delivered by the end of  J  u  ne  2014 (fast charging distance of 30km);  
  2. All the 200 buses under the contract to be delivered by the end of October 2014.  
  VII. Terms of payment:  
  1. Party A shall, according to the model, quantity and total amount of buses under Article 1 herein and the terms of the Financing Lease Cooperation Agreement, apply to the lessor of financing lease for going through the formalities of purchasing fund payment by presenting the contract within 5 working days after signing of the contract. The lessor of financing lease shall, according to the delivery schedule specified in Article 6 herein, pay the purchasing price of each batch of buses by bank transfer within 5 working days after the batch of buses are delivered to Party A and accepted.  
  2. In case of adjustment of utilization plan of electric buses by Party A or the production needs of Party B, both parties may negotiate to adjust the batches and quantity of delivery according to actual situations, and pay the purchasing price of the batch of buses separately according to the actual delivery time until the contract of 200 buses is performed completely.  
  VIII. Acceptance standard and sizing: Party A shall make acceptance according to the technology agreement signed by both parties. Party B undertakes to provide 20 buses in conformity with Party A s technical requirements in early stage for trial use of one month free of charge. After Party A obtains the data of trial use and the buses satisfy the actual operation needs, the other buses shall be delivered according to the specified batches.  
  IX. Default liability:  
  1. Party A shall have the right to reject the buses in case the buses delivered by Party B do not conform to the contract;  
  2. Party A shall pay Party B the penal sum equivalent to 1% of the default amount in case Party A rejects the buses or refuses to make payment for the buses without justified reason.  

3/4  

X. Method for settling disputes in relation to the contract: Both parties shall make settlement through negotiation, or lodge a lawsuit to Fuxing District People s Court, Handan City.  
  XI. The contract comes into effect from the date of signing and sealing. The contract is made in quadruplicate, with each party holding 2 copies.  
  XII. Miscellaneous:  
  For the configuration of buses, see the Technology Agreement of 200 Electric Buses signed by both parties  .  

Party A (seal):  
  Company name: Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.  
  (Special Contract Seal of Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.)  
  Company address: North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu an Town, Wu an City  
  Legal representative:  
  Authorized proxy:  
  Tel:  
  Fax:  
  Bank of deposit:  
  Account number:  
  Date of signing:    

Party B (seal):  
  Company name: Zhuhai Guangtong Automobile Co., Ltd.  
  (Special Contract Seal of Zhuhai Guangtong Automobile Co., Ltd.)  
  Company address: 16 Jinhu Road, Sanzao Town, Zhuhai City  
  Legal representative:  
  Authorized proxy:   
  Tel:  
  Fax:  
  Bank of deposit:  
  Account number:  
  Date of signing:      

4/4   

</EX-10.60>

<EX-10.61>
 30
 ex10-61.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.61
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.61   

Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Rule 24b-2 and are subject to a confidential treatment request. Copies of this exhibit containing the omitted information have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The omitted portions of this document are marked with a ***.   

Agreement No.   

Purchasing and Sales Contract of Electric Bus Products   

Handan Bus Corporation   
   Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.   

May 13, 2014   

1/4  

Party A:   Handan Bus Corporation   
   Party B:   Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.   
  In order to promote the energy saving and emission reduction of Handan City, develop the green transportation, and drive the overall development of the new energy automobile industry, Party A orders from Party B  200  electric buses powered by high-performance lithium-ion batteries. The details of purchasing are as follows:  
  I. Model, quantity and price of buses  
  1. Model, quantity and price  

Product name   
 
  Brand   
 
  Model   specification   
 
  Manufacturer   
 
  Unit price (million yuan)   
 
  Quantity (vehicle)   
 
  Amount (million yuan)    

10.5m electric bus   
 
  Guangtong   
 
  GTQ6105BEVB1   
 
  Zhuhai Guangtong Automobile Co., Ltd., Handan Branch   
 
  ***   
 
  80   
 
  ***    

12m electric bus   
 
  Guangtong   
 
  GTQ6121BEVB1   
 
  Zhuhai Guangtong Automobile Co., Ltd., Handan Branch   
 
  ***   
 
  120   
 
  ***     
  National new energy automobile subsidy has been deducted from the above-mentioned unit price.  
  2. Total amount of the contract (in words):  RMB *** (***).   
  II. Quality requirement, technical standard, and the conditions and term under which Party B is responsible for quality: Complying with the relevant national and industrial quality standards and requirements; warranty of 10 years for batteries, motors and motor controllers of buses; for other parts, warranty subject to the technology agreement and after-sales service agreement.  
  III. The party responsible for after-sales service: Party B (Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.) shall provide the after-sales service such as training and quality assurance.  
  IV. Place of delivery: The place designated by Handan Bus Corporation.  
  V. Mode of delivery and expense payment: Party B shall deliver the goods to the place designated by Party A, and Party B shall pay the freight.  
  VI. Batches, time and quantity of delivery:  
  1. Twenty 10.5m buses to be delivered by the end of  June  2014 (fast charging distance of 30km);  

2/4  

2. All the 200 buses under the contract to be delivered by the end of October 2014.  
  VII. Terms of payment:  
  1. Party A shall, according to the model, quantity and total amount of buses under Article 1 herein and the terms of the Financing Lease Cooperation Agreement, apply to the lessor of financing lease for going through the formalities of purchasing fund payment by presenting the contract within 5 working days after signing of the contract. The lessor of financing lease shall, according to the delivery schedule specified in Article 6 herein, pay the purchasing price of each batch of buses by bank transfer within 5 working days after the batch of buses are delivered to Party A and accepted.  
  2. In case of adjustment of utilization plan of electric buses by Party A or the production needs of Party B, both parties may negotiate to adjust the batches and quantity of delivery according to actual situations, and pay the purchasing price of the batch of buses separately according to the actual delivery time until the contract of 200 buses is performed completely.  
  VIII. Acceptance standard and sizing: Party A shall make acceptance according to the technology agreement signed by both parties. Party B undertakes to provide 20 buses in conformity with Party A s technical requirements in early stage for trial use of one month free of charge. After Party A obtains the data of trial use and the buses satisfy the actual operation needs, the other buses shall be delivered according to the specified batches.  
  IX. Default liability:  
  1. Party A shall have the right to reject the buses in case the buses delivered by Party B do not conform to the contract;  
  2. Party A shall pay Party B the penal sum equivalent to 1% of the default amount in case Party A rejects the buses or refuses to make payment for the buses without justified reason.  
  X. Method for settling disputes in relation to the contract: Both parties shall make settlement through negotiation, or lodge a lawsuit to Fuxing District People s Court, Handan City.  

3/4  

X. The contract comes into effect from the date of signing and sealing. The contract is made in sextuplicate, with each party holding 3 copies.  
  XI. Miscellaneous:  
  For the configuration of buses, see the Technology Agreement of 200 Electric Buses signed by both parties.  

Party A (seal):  
  Company name: Handan Bus Corporation  
  (Seal)  
  Company address: 43 W. Renmin Road, Handan City  
  Legal representative:  
  Authorized proxy: (Signature)  
  Tel:  
  Fax:  
  Bank of deposit:  
  Account number:  
  Date of signing: May 13, 2014   

Party B (seal):  
  Company name: Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd. (Special Contract Seal of Northern Altairnano Co., Ltd.)  
  Company address: North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu an Town, Wu an City  
  Legal representative:  
  Authorized proxy: (Signature)  
  Tel:  
  Fax:  
  Bank of deposit:  
  Account number:  
  Date of signing: May 13, 2014     

4/4    

</EX-10.61>

<EX-10.62>
 31
 ex10-62.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.62
 
   ex10-62.htm 

Exhibit 10.62   

Electronic Supervision No.: 1304812014B00026  

Transfer Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right    

Ministry of Land and Resources of the People's Republic of China    
 
  Prepared by     

State Administration for Industry   Commerce of the People's Republic of China    

-1-

Contract No.:   
     
   C130481201  4  00  4   
     
   Transfer Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right    
     
  Both Parties of this Contract:   
     
  Transferor:  Wu'an Land and Resources Bureau    
     
  Postal address:  No. 26 Kuangjian Road  ,   Wu'an  ;   
     
  Postcode:  056300;    
     
  Tel: 55329  12;   
     
  Fax:______________________;  
     
  Opening bank: ______________________;  
     
  Account No.: ______________________.  
     
  Transferee:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.;    
     
  Postal address:  n  orth of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu'an Town, Wu'an   
     
  Postcode: ______________________  
     
  Tel: ______________________  
     
  Fax: ______________________;  
     
  Opening bank: ______________________;  
     
  Account No.: ______________________.  

-2-

Chapter I      General   
     
   Article 1       According to  Property Law of the People's Republic of China ,  Contract Law of the People's Republic of China ,  Land Management Law of the People's Republic of China ,  Law of the People's Republic of China on Urban Real Estate Administration  and the other laws, relevant administrative regulations and land supply policies, the both parties sign this Contract in line with the principle of equality, voluntariness, compensation, honesty and credit.   
     
   Article 2       The ownership of the transferred land belongs to the People's Republic of China and the Transferor transfers the state-owned construction land use rights authorized by law. Underground resources, buried objects do not belong to the transfer range of state-owned construction land use right.   
     
   Article 3       The Transferee enjoys the right to occupy, use, benefit, dispose the state-owned construction land gained through legal channel within transfer period, and shall be entitled to use the land to construct buildings, structures and ancillary facilities according to the law.   
     
  Chapter II      Delivery of the Transferred Land and the Payment of Transfer Price   
     
   Article 4       The parcel land No. of  201  4   No.   4    under this Contract is transferred, and the total parcel land area is Forty Thousand Square Meters In Words (In Figures 40000m 2 ), and the transferred parcel land is Forty Thousand square meters In Words (In Figures 40000m 2 ).   
     
  The transferred parcel land under this Contract is located in the  north of   D  ongzhuchang village, wu'an town, wu'an   .  
     
  The plane boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract is_______________;   
     
  The drawing of the plane boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract is in Appendix 1.   
     
  The vertical boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract takes_____________ as the upper limit and _________________ as the lower limit with height difference of ______________________ m. The drawing of the vertical boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract is in Appendix 2.   
     
  The space of the transferred parcel land is enclosed by the vertical plane formed by the aforementioned boundary points and the elevation plane from the upper to the lower limit.   
     
   Article 5         The purpose of the parcel land transferred under this Contract is for  industrial land .   
     
   Article 6       The Transferor agrees to deliver the transferred parcel land to the Transferee before  April 3  , 201  4  and agrees that, when delivers land, the parcel land shall meet the land conditions stipulated in Item I of this Article:   
     
  (I) site formation shall be up to ______________________;  
     
  the surrounding infrastructure shall be up to______________________;   
     
  (II) Current land conditions ______________________;   
     
   Article 7       Transfer term for the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract is  50  years which is calculated as of the date of land delivery agreed in Article 6 of this Contract; As for transfer formalities transacted for the original appropriated (leased) state-owned construction land use right, the transfer term shall be calculated from the date of signing this Contract.   
     
   Article 8       The price of transferring the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract is RMB Eleven Million and Five Hundred and Seven Thousand Six Hundred Only in Words (In Figures RMB  1  1507600 ), and the price per square meter is RMB Two Hundred and Eighty-seven and Sixty-Nine Cents in Words (In Figures RMB  28  7.69 ).   
     
   Article 9       The down payment for the parcel land under this Contract is RMB________ In Words (RMB ________________In Figures), and credited to the transfer price.   

-3-

Article 10       The Transferee consents to pay the price of transferring the state-owned construction land use right to the Transferor in accordance with provisions in Item I of Paragraph I of this Article:   
     
  (I) The transfer price of state-owned construction land use right is all paid within  2  5  days upon signing this Contract;   
     
  (II) Pay the transfer price of state-owned construction land use right to Transferor according to the following time and amount schedule.   
     
  When the installment payment for transferring the state-owned construction land use right is chosen, the Transferee agrees to pay the interest of the second and later installment to the Transferor at the loan interest rate as he pays the first installment issued by the People's Bank of China.   
     
   Article 11         The Transferee shall apply for the transferring registration of state-owned construction land use right transfer upon relevant documentary evidences such as the Contract and transfer price payment voucher after paying off the transfer price the parcel land according to this Contract.   
     
  Chapter III      Land Development Construction and Utilization   
     
   Article 12         The Transferee agrees to develop the investment intensity for the parcel land under this Contract according to the implementation of the provision of Item I in this Article:   
     
  (I) The parcel land under this Contract is applied to industrial projects. The Transferee agrees that the total fixed assets investment of the parcel land of land under this Contract is no less than the approved or registered amount, RMB in words One hundred and twenty Million Only (Amount in Figures RMB  120,000,000 ), and the investment intensity per square meter is no less than RMB Three Thousand in Words (In Figures RMB 3,000/m 2 ) The total fixed assets investment of the parcel land under this Contract includes: buildings, structures, ancillary facilities, equipment investment and transfer price.   
     
  (II) If the parcel land under this Contract is for non-industrial purpose, the Transferee promises the total development investment amount of the land shall not be less than RMB _______________In Words (RMB ____________In Figures).   
     
   Article 13       New buildings, structures and ancillary facilities constructed by the Transferee on the parcel land under this Contract shall conform to the planning conditions of the parcel land determined by Municipal (Town) Government Planning Administrative Department (See Appendix 3). Including:   
     
  The property of the main building is _____________;   
     
  The property of the ancillary building is _____________;   
     
  Total construction area is  60000  square meters;   
     
  The plot ratio of building is not higher than  1.50  and not less than  0.60 ;   
     
  The building height restriction is _____________;   
     
  The building density is not higher than _____________ and not less than  30% ;   
     
  The greening rate is not higher than  20%  and not less than_____________;   
     
  Other land-use requirements_____________  
     
   Article 14       The Transferee agrees to develop the supporting infrastructure for the parcel land under this Contract according to the implementation of the provision of Item I in this Article:   
     
  (I) If the parcel land under this Contract is for industry purpose, according to the planning design conditions identified by Planning Department, the size of company administrative offices and life service facilities in the contract parcel land shall account for no more than  7 % of the total size of the parcel land, that's to say, no more than  2800 m 2  and the floor area no more than_____________ square meters. The Transferee agrees not to build non-productive facilities like sets of houses, expert building, hotels, guesthouses, training centers within the scope of the parcel land.   

-4-

(II) The parcel land under this Contract is used for residential construction, according to planning and construction conditions determined by Planning and Construction Management Department, the total sets of residential building shall not less than _____________sets. Among which, the set number of the houses that less than 90 square meters of building area of dwelling size shall not be less than ______________sets, and the dwelling size of the residential is required to be _____________. The ratio of the building area of dwelling size less than 90 square meters within the scope of the parcel land under this Contract to the total parcel land construction area shall be not less than ________%. The Transferee agrees to process the economically affordable housing, low-rent housing and other governmental indemnificatory housings that are built within the scope of parcel land under this Contract according to the following _____________ mode:   
     
  1. Hand over to the government;   
     
  2. Repurchase by the government;   
     
  3. Implement according to the relevant regulations of the governmental economically affordable housing construction and sale management;   
     
  4. _______________________________________  
     
   Article 15         The Transferee consents to the simultaneous construction of the following supporting projects within the scope of the parcel land under this Contract, which shall be transferred to the government after the completion free of charge:   
     
  __________________________  
     
   Article 16         The Transferee consents to start parcel land construction projects under this Contract before  March 3  , 201  5 , and complete before  March 3    , 201  7 .   
     
  If the construction projects cannot be started on time, the Transferee shall submit deferral application to the Transferor 30 days in advance. With the Transferor's consent to the deferring, its project completion time will be extended accordingly, but the deferral period cannot exceed one year.   
     
   Article 17       In the process of constructing projects within the parcel land construction under this Contract, the Transferee shall handle the engineering connecting water, gas, sewage and other facilities with the main line, electricity substation interface and the introduction of engineering according to relevant regulations.   
     
  The Transferee allows various pipes and pipeline to pass through the Transferee parcel land by the government for the needs of public utilities, but if this impacts the usage functions of the transferred parcel land, government or utility construction subject shall give a reasonable amount of compensations.   
     
   Article 18       The Transferee shall use the land in accordance with the land use and the plot ratio as agreed under this Contract, which are not allowed to change without authorization. Within the transfer period, when there is a need to change the land use as agreed in this Contract, both parties consent to the provisions in Item I of this Article.   
     
  (I) Transferor recovers the construction land use rights by payment.   
     
  (II) Handle changes in land use approval procedures according to law, sign the alternation agreement of state-owned construction land use right grant contract or resign the transfer contract for state-owned construction land use right; the Transferee assess the difference between the market price and the market price of construction land use right under the original land-use in accordance with the approved construction land use right, make a supplementary payment for transfer price of state-owned construction land use right, and apply for the registration of land alteration.   

-5-

Article 19         Within a service period of parcel land use under this Contract, the Government reserves the rights of planning and adjusting the land under this Contract. If the original plan is subject to change, the existing buildings of the parcel land will not be affected, but the alteration, renovation, reconstruction of the buildings, structures and ancillary facilities or application for renewal for expiration involved shall be executed in accordance with the effective planning in the service period.   
     
   Article 20       As for the state-owned construction land use right legally used by the Transferee, the Transferor can only withdraw it after the durable years agreed in this Contract expire; If the state-owned construction land use right shall be withdrawn in advance based on need of public interest on special occasions, the Transferor shall report for approval according to legal procedures and compensate the land users as per the value of ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities when withdrawing, the evaluated market price of state-owned construction land use right of remaining term and direct loss identified after evaluation.   
     
  Chapter IV      Transfer, Leasing and Mortgage of State-owned Construction Land Use Right   
     
   Article 21         After the Transferee paying all transfer price for state-owned construction land use right as agreed in this Contract and gaining the use certificate of state-owned land, the Transferee shall be entitled to transfer, lease and mortgage the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract in part or in whole. Transfer for the first time shall meet conditions stipulated in Item I of this Article:   
     
  (I) Invest and develop in accordance with the agreement under this Contract, and complete more than 25% of the total development investment amount;   
     
  (II) Invest and develop in accordance with the agreement as specified in this Contract, and there is industrial land or other land for construction conditions formed.   
     
   Article 22       The transfer, leasing and mortgage contracts of the state-owned construction land use right shall not be contrary to national laws, regulations and this Contract.   
     
   Article 23       After all or part of the state-owned construction land use right under the Contract is transferred, the rights and obligations set forth in this Contract and the land registration document shall be transferred, too. The service life for the state-owned construction land use right shall be the remaining service life by deducting the used service life from the service life agreed in this Contract.   
     
  After all or part of the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract is leased, the Transferee shall bear the rights and obligations set forth in this Contract and the land registration document.   
     
   Article 24       If the state-owned construction land use right is transferred and mortgaged, the both parties shall go to the Land and Resource Management Department for registration of change with this Contract, the corresponding transfer, mortgage contracts and state-owned land use certificate.   

Chapter V      Expiration of the term   
     
   Article 25         If the useful life agreed in this Contract gets expired, the land users who need to continue to use the parcel land under this Contract shall submit renewal application to the Transferor at least one year before the expiration. It shall be approved unless the Transferor needs to withdraw the parcel land under this Contract because of social and public interests need.   
     
  On expiration of residential construction land using right, this Contract will be automatically renewed.   
     
  If the Transferor consents to the renewal of the land use, the land user shall handle paid land procedure such as transfer, lease, re-sign paid land use contracts, such as the transfer, leasing contracts, and pay for paid land use fees such as land transfer price and rental.   

-6-

Article 26         If land transfer period gets expired, the land users whose renewal application gets unapproved because of social and public interests need shall return State-owned Land Use Certificate and cancel the state-owned construction land use right registration in accordance with the regulations. The state-owned construction land use right is reclaimed freely by the Transferor. Transferor and land users consent to the ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities on the parcel land under this Contract and perform in accordance with the Item I of this Article:   
     
  (I) The Transferor shall recover ground buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities and equipments and makes corresponding loss compensations for the land user according to the residual value of ground buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities and equipments on the land at the recovery time.   
     
  (II) The Transferor shall recover ground buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities and equipments on the land without compensation.   
     
   Article 27       If land transfer period gets expired, the land users don't renewal application, they need shall return State-owned Land Use Certificate and cancel the state-owned construction land use right registration in accordance with the regulations. The state-owned construction land use right is reclaimed freely by the Transferor. The ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities on the parcel land under this Contract shall be reclaimed freely by the Transferor, and the land user shall maintain the normal use function of the ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities and avoid man-made destruction. If the ground building, structures and the ancillary facilities on the land lose their normal use functions, the Transferor can require the land user to remove or dismantle buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities on the land and recover the site formation.   
     
  Chapter VI      Force Majeure   
     
   Article 28         If part or all of the Contract cannot be implemented by either party due to the force majeure, the liability of the party can be exempted from but he must take all necessary remedial measures to reduce the losses caused by the force majeure. The parties should be responsible for force majeure during the delay in performance.   
     
   Article 29       In case of force majeure, the party should write to inform the other party the force majeure by letter, telegram, and fax and so on within 7 days and submits the reports and certificates of a part or whole part of unable to perform or requiring to delay the execution under this Contract within 15 days of the occurrence of the force majeure.   
     
  Chapter VII      Liability for Breach of Contract   
     
   Article 30         Transferee shall timely pay the transfer price of state-owned construction land use right in accordance with this Contract. If the Transferee who cannot pay for the state-owned construction land use right transfer price on time shall pay liquidated damages to the Transferor in 1    of delay payments daily from the date of nonpayment. If the payment is deferred more than 60 days, and the Assignee still cannot pay for the state-owned construction land use right transfer price after the Transferor's expediting, the Transferor has the right to cancel the contract and the Assignee has no right to demand the return of the down payment. The Transferor may request the Assignee to compensate for the losses.   
     
   Article 31       In case of the Transferee terminating investment and construction of such project for its own reason and proposing to the Transferor to terminate performance of this Contract and requiring land return, the Transferor shall refund all or partial transfer price for state-owned construction land use right (without interest calculated) excluding the down payment stipulated in this contact after reporting to the original People's Government which approved the land transfer scheme for approval, withdraw the state-owned construction land use right, completed buildings, structures and ancillary facilities within the scope of the parcel land won't be compensated, and the Transferor can also require the Transferee to eliminate completed buildings, structures and ancillary facilities and recover site formation; But if the Transferor is willing to continue to use completed buildings, structures and ancillary facilities within the scope of the parcel land, it shall give some compensations to the Transferee:   
     
  (I) If the Transferee applies to the Transferor in less than 60 days a year ago before the date of expiry of this Contract started construction, the Transferor returns the state-owned construction land use right transfer price that Transferee has paid after deducting the down payment;   

-7-

(II) If the Transferee applies to the Transferor in more than a year ago but less than two years and in no less than 60 days before two years of the date of expiration of the contract started construction, the Transferor shall return the remaining transfer price of state-owned construction land use right that Transferee has paid after deducting the down payment of this Contract and idle land fee in accordance with relevant regulations.   
     
   Article 32         In case of land vacancy caused by the Transferee and time of land vacancy being more than one year but less than two years, the idle land fee shall be paid according to law; In case of the time of land vacancy being more than two years and construction failing to start, the Transferor shall be entitled to withdraw the state-owned construction land use right free of charge.   
     
   Article 33       If the Transferee who fails to start construction on the agreed date or the agreed deferred date of this Contract shall pay liquidated damages to Transferor equivalent to 0.55    of the gross amount of the state-owned construction land use right transfer price for each delayed day. The Transferor has the right to ask the Transferee to continue performing the Contract.   
     
  If the Transferee who fails to complete construction on the agreed date or the agreed deferred date of this Contract shall pay liquidated damages to Transferor equivalent to 0.55    of the gross amount of the state-owned construction land use right transfer price for each delayed day.   
     
   Article 34       If the total fixed assets investment, investment intensity and total development investment do not meet the agreed standard as agreed in the contract, the Transferor is entitled to require the Transferee to pay liquidated damages equal to the same proportion of transfer price for the state-owned construction land use right based on the proportion that actual differential section accounting for the agreed total investment and investment intensity and to require the Transferee to continue to perform the Contract.   
     
   Article 35       In case of any one of indexes such as plot ratio, density of building of the parcel land under this Contract being lower than the minimum standard agreed in this Contract, the Transferor can require the Transferee to pay liquidated damages equal to the same proportion of transfer price for the state-owned construction land use right based on the proportion that actual differential section accounting for agreed minimum standard and has the right to require the Transferee to continue performance of this Contract; In case of any one of indexes such as plot ratio, density of building being higher than the highest standard agreed in this Contract, the Transferor will have the right to withdraw the partial area which is higher than the agreed highest standard, and have the right to require the Transferee to pay liquidated damages equal to the same proportion of transfer price for state-owned construction land use right based on the proportion that actual differential section accounting for agreed standard.   
     
   Article 36         Any indicators of the industrial construction projects, such as greening rate, the proportion of internal administrative land for office and living service facilities, the internal administration office and living service facilities construction area, etc. exceeds the standard agreed in the contract, the Transferee should pay the Transferor liquidated damages equivalent to 1    of the transfer price of the parcel land and remove the greening and building facilities.   
     
   Article 37       In case that the Transferee pays the transfer price for the state-owned construction land use right according to the Contract, the Transferors must deliver the land on schedule according to the agreement in the Contract. If the Transferee's possession of parcel land under this Contract is delayed because the Transferor fails to furnish the land on time, the Transferor should pay liquidated damages equal to  1     of the transfer price of state-owned construction land use right to the Transferee. The land use term starts from the actual furnishing date. If Transferor delays the delivery of land for more than 60 days and fails to deliver land after the Transferee's expediting, the Transferee is entitled to cancel the contract and the Transferor shall return of the deposit in double and refund the rest of the state-owned construction land use right transfer price has been paid. Transferee may request the Transferor to compensate for the losses.   

-8- 

Article 38       If the Transferor fails to deliver land on time or the delivery of land fails to meet the agreed land conditions of the contract or performs unilateral changes in land use conditions, the Transferee is entitled to require the Transferor to fulfill obligations in accordance with the specified conditions and compensate for direct loss caused by the delayed performance. The land use term shall be calculated starting from the date that the land meets the agreed land conditions.   
     
  Chapter VIII     The Application of Law and the Dispute Resolution   
     
   Article 39       The foundation, force, explanation, implementation and solution of disputes of the contract apply to the law of the People's Republic of China.   
     
   Article 40       The dispute arising from the performance of this Contract shall be resolved by the parties through consultation. If the consultation fails, the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the agreed ways of Item I in this Article:   
     
  (I) Submit to the Arbitration Committee for arbitration in Handan;   
     
  (II) Bring a suit to a People's Court in accordance with the law.   
     
  Chapter IX      Supplementary Provisions   
     
   Article 41       The scheme of the parcel land transfer has been approved by the People's Government in  Wu'an . This contact shall take effect from the date of signature of the both parties.   
     
   Article 42       The parties ensure that the name, postal address, telephone number, fax number, account opening bank, agent filled in the contract is real and effective. If the information of one party is subject to change, this party shall inform the other party in written form within 15 days after the change, otherwise the responsibility resulting from untimely information shall be borne by the change party.   
     
   Article 43       The Contract and the Appendix have XXX pages in total, and the Chinese writing shall prevail.   
     
   Article 44       The Contract price, the amount and area, etc. should be both in words and in figures, and the amount should be consistent; if inconsistent, and in words will prevail.   
     
   Article 45       Matters not covered in this Contract can by the both parties agreed as an Appendix to the Contract, which has the same legal effect.   
     
   Article 46         The Contract shall be in triplicate, one copy for the Transferor and one copy for the Transferee, which has the same legal effect.  

Transferor (Seal):    
  Wu'an City Land and Resources Bureau (Seal)    
 
  Transferee (Seal):    
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (seal)     

Legal representative (entrusted agent):   
   
  (signature):     
 
  Legal representative (entrusted agent):   
   
  (signature):       
  March 3, 2014  

-9-

Appendix 1  
     
  The drawing of the plane boundary of the transferred parcel land  

Plotting scale:1     __________________  

-10-

Appendix 2   
     
  Vertical boundary of the Transferred Parcel Land   

The elevation system:  ____________________   
  Plotting scale: 1      ___________________   

-11-

Wu'an City Bureau of Housing and Urban-Rural Development   
     
  Planning conditions of the construction land for the Altair Project in the New Energy Industrial Park   
     
  No. 005 of No. 2012 Planning Design Conditions   
     
  I.      Land location: To the north of Handan-Wu'an Expressway, to the south of Yudaihe South Road, to the east of Caogongquan Avenue, and to the west of East Second Ring.   

V.    
 
  Building Density:  30% (Industry);  30% (Public facilities)      

VI.    
 
  Greening rate:  20% (Industry);  35% (Public facilities)      

VII.        
 
  Parking lot: The parking lot for motor vehicles shall be executed by referring to  The Management Rule (on trial) of Parking Lot Setting for Motor Vehicles in Urban Construction Engineering in Handan City  (Hanguibanzi [2011] No. 74); The non-motor vehicle parking lot is with the construction area of 2 cars/100m 2 .      

VIII.      
 
  The building setback red line, green line and the planning land boundary distance; The setback green line is no less than 20 meters against the Handan-Wu'an Expressway and no less than 15 meters against the East Second Ring, and the setback red line is no less than 6 meters against South Yudaihe Road and Caogongquan Avenue, and the setback boundary distance is executed in accordance with  Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Urban Planning Management Regulations of Handan City  and related rules.      

IX.          
 
  Building interval      the building interval shall comply with the requirements of  Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Urban Planning Management Regulations of Handan City  and related regulations.      

X.    
 
  The main exit and entrance directions for motor vehicles: the directions shall be set near Handan-Wu'an Expressway and East Second Ring, and be satisfied the distance requirements of the exit and entrance locations and road intersections.      

XI.      
 
  The landscape requirements: the elevation style shall be modern  , embody the novel design philosophy and be in harmony with the surroundings; the manufacturing workshops shall be embodied the industrial building features.      

XII.    
 
  The municipal public supporting facilities: shall be carried out as per related stipulations.      

XIII.    
 
  Other Requirements: 1. The land area for the administrative office and living service facilities shall not exceed 7% of the gross land area. 2. The building design shall be in new materials and technologies, the high technological contents and coincident energy-saving requirements shall be done. 3. Various engineering lines must be laid underground; 4. Various indicator calculations shall be based on the net land area.      

XIV.    
 
  The validity period of the planning conditions: The validity period shall be within two years from the date of issuance, and be automatically invalid in case the construction unit fails to carry out construction on the allocated and transferred land.      

XV.    
 
  Appendix: The attached map of the planning design conditions for the construction land of the Altair Project in the New Energy Industrial Park in Wu'an City      
     
  July 19, 2012  

Appendix 3  
     
  Planning conditions of the parcel land determined by __________Municipal (Town) Government Planning Administrative Department  

</EX-10.62>

<EX-10.63>
 32
 ex10-63.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.63
 
   ex10-63.htm 

Exhibit 10.63   

Electronic Supervision No.: 1304812014B00039  

Transfer Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right    

Ministry of Land and Resources of the People's Republic of China    
 
  Prepared by     

State Administration for Industry   Commerce of the People's Republic of China    

-1-

Contract No.:   
     
   C130481201  40002   
     
   Transfer Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right    
     
  Both Parties of this Contract:   
     
  Transferor:  Wu'an Land and Resources Bureau    
     
  Postal address: No. 26 Kuangjian Road    ,  Wu'an  ;   
     
  Postcode:  056300;    
     
  Tel: 55329  12  ;    
     
  Fax:______________________;  
     
  Opening bank: ______________________;  
     
  Account No.: ______________________.  
     
  Transferee:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.;    
     
  Postal address:  Dongchang  yuan   Village, Wu'an Town, Wu'an  ;   
     
  Postcode:  056300    
     
  Tel:_______________________  
     
  Fax: ______________________;  
     
  Opening bank: ______________________;  
     
  Account No.: ______________________.  

-2-

Chapter I      General   
     
   Article 1       According to  Property Law of the People's Republic of China ,  Contract Law of the People's Republic of China ,  Land Management Law of the People's Republic of China ,  Law of the People's Republic of China on Urban Real Estate Administration  and the other laws, relevant administrative regulations and land supply policies, the both parties sign this Contract in line with the principle of equality, voluntariness, compensation, honesty and credit.   
     
   Article 2       The ownership of the transferred land belongs to the People's Republic of China and the Transferor transfers the state-owned construction land use rights authorized by law. Underground resources, buried objects do not belong to the transfer range of state-owned construction land use right.   
     
   Article 3       The Transferee enjoys the right to occupy, use, benefit, dispose the state-owned construction land gained through legal channel within transfer period, and shall be entitled to use the land to construct buildings, structures and ancillary facilities according to the law.   
     
  Chapter II      Delivery of the Transferred Land and the Payment of Transfer Price   
     
   Article 4       The parcel land No. of  201  4   No.   2 under this Contract is transferred, and the total parcel land area is Thirty Four Thousand, Six Hundred and Eighty  -Five  , Point Two Square Meters In Words (In Figures  34685.20 m 2 ), and the transferred parcel land isThirty Four Thousand, Six Hundred and Eighty-Five  , Point Two square meters In Words (In Figures  34685.20 m 2 ).   
     
  The transferred parcel land under this Contract is located in the  Dongchang  yuan   Village, Wu'an Town, Wu'an   
     
  The plane boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract is_______________;   
     
  The drawing of the plane boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract is in Appendix 1.   
     
  The vertical boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract takes_____________ as the upper limit and _________________ as the lower limit with height difference of ______________________ m. The drawing of the vertical boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract is in Appendix 2.   
     
  The space of the transferred parcel land is enclosed by the vertical plane formed by the aforementioned boundary points and the elevation plane from the upper to the lower limit.   
     
   Article 5         The purpose of the parcel land transferred under this Contract is for  industrial land .   
     
   Article 6       The Transferor agrees to deliver the transferred parcel land to the Transferee before  April 3  , 201  4  and agrees that, when delivers land, the parcel land shall meet the land conditions stipulated in Item I of this Article:   
     
  (I) site formation shall be up to ______________________;  
     
  the surrounding infrastructure shall be up to______________________;   
     
  (II) Current land conditions ______________________;   
     
   Article 7       Transfer term for the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract is  50  years which is calculated as of the date of land delivery agreed in Article 6 of this Contract; As for transfer formalities transacted for the original appropriated (leased) state-owned construction land use right, the transfer term shall be calculated from the date of signing this Contract.   
     
   Article 8       The price of transferring the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract is RMB Nine Million and Nine Hundred and Thirty  -one Thousand Seven Hundred Only in Words (In Figures RMB  9931700 ), and the price per square meter is RMB Two Hundred and Eighty-six and Thirty-three Cents in Words (In Figures RMB  28  6.33 ).   
     
   Article 9       The down payment for the parcel land under this Contract is RMB_______________ In Words (RMB _____In Figures), and credited to the transfer price.     

-3-

Article 10       The Transferee consents to pay the price of transferring the state-owned construction land use right to the Transferor in accordance with provisions in Item I of Paragraph I of this Article:   
     
  (I) The transfer price of state-owned construction land use right is all paid within  2  5  days upon signing this Contract;   
     
  (II) Pay the transfer price of state-owned construction land use right to Transferor according to the following time and amount schedule.   
     
  When the installment payment for transferring the state-owned construction land use right is chosen, the Transferee agrees to pay the interest of the second and later installment to the Transferor at the loan interest rate as he pays the first installment issued by the People's Bank of China.   
     
   Article 11         The Transferee shall apply for the transferring registration of state-owned construction land use right transfer upon relevant documentary evidences such as the Contract and transfer price payment voucher after paying off the transfer price the parcel land according to this Contract.   
     
  Chapter III      Land Development Construction and Utilization   
     
   Article 12         The Transferee agrees to develop the investment intensity for the parcel land under this Contract according to the implementation of the provision of Item I in this Article:   
     
  (I) The parcel land under this Contract is applied to industrial projects. The Transferee agrees that the total fixed assets investment of the parcel land of land under this Contract is no less than the approved or registered amount, RMB in words One Hundred and Four Million Fifty-five Thousand and Six Hundred Only (Amount in Figures RMB  1  04  ,  055  ,  600 .00), and the investment intensity per square meter is no less than RMB Three Thousand in Words (In Figures RMB 3,000/m 2 ) The total fixed assets investment of the parcel land under this Contract includes: buildings, structures, ancillary facilities, equipment investment and transfer price.   
     
  (II) If the parcel land under this Contract is for non-industrial purpose, the Transferee promises the total development investment amount of the land shall not be less than RMB _____________________In Words (RMB _________________In Figures).   
     
   Article 13       New buildings, structures and ancillary facilities constructed by the Transferee on the parcel land under this Contract shall conform to the planning conditions of the parcel land determined by Municipal (Town) Government Planning Administrative Department (See Appendix 3). Including:   
     
  The property of the main building is _____________;   
     
  The property of the ancillary building is _____________;   
     
  Total construction area is  5202.80  square meters;   
     
  The plot ratio of building is not higher than  1.50  and not less than  0.60 ;   
     
  The building height restriction is _____________;   
     
  The building density is not higher than _____________ and not less than  30% ;   
     
  The greening rate is not higher than  20%  and not less than_____________;   
     
  Other land-use requirements_____________  
     
   Article 14       The Transferee agrees to develop the supporting infrastructure for the parcel land under this Contract according to the implementation of the provision of Item I in this Article:   
     
  (I) If the parcel land under this Contract is for industry purpose, according to the planning design conditions identified by Planning Department, the size of company administrative offices and life service facilities in the contract parcel land shall account for no more than  7 % of the total size of the parcel land, that's to say, no more than  2428  m 2  and the floor area no more than_____________ square meters. The Transferee agrees not to build non-productive facilities like sets of houses, expert building, hotels, guesthouses, training centers within the scope of the parcel land.   

-4-

(II) The parcel land under this Contract is used for residential construction, according to planning and construction conditions determined by Planning and Construction Management Department, the total sets of residential building shall not less than _____________sets. Among which, the set number of the houses that less than 90 square meters of building area of dwelling size shall not be less than ______________sets, and the dwelling size of the residential is required to be _____________. The ratio of the building area of dwelling size less than 90 square meters within the scope of the parcel land under this Contract to the total parcel land construction area shall be not less than ________%. The Transferee agrees to process the economically affordable housing, low-rent housing and other governmental indemnificatory housings that are built within the scope of parcel land under this Contract according to the following _____________ mode:   
     
  1. Hand over to the government;   
     
  2. Repurchase by the government;   
     
  3. Implement according to the relevant regulations of the governmental economically affordable housing construction and sale management;   
     
  4. _______________________________________  
     
   Article 15         The Transferee consents to the simultaneous construction of the following supporting projects within the scope of the parcel land under this Contract, which shall be transferred to the government after the completion free of charge:   
     
  __________________________  
     
   Article 16         The Transferee consents to start parcel land construction projects under this Contract before  March 3  , 201  5 , and complete before  March 3    , 201  7 .   
     
  If the construction projects cannot be started on time, the Transferee shall submit deferral application to the Transferor 30 days in advance. With the Transferor's consent to the deferring, its project completion time will be extended accordingly, but the deferral period cannot exceed one year.   
     
   Article 17       In the process of constructing projects within the parcel land construction under this Contract, the Transferee shall handle the engineering connecting water, gas, sewage and other facilities with the main line, electricity substation interface and the introduction of engineering according to relevant regulations.   
     
  The Transferee allows various pipes and pipeline to pass through the Transferee parcel land by the government for the needs of public utilities, but if this impacts the usage functions of the transferred parcel land, government or utility construction subject shall give a reasonable amount of compensations.   
     
   Article 18       The Transferee shall use the land in accordance with the land use and the plot ratio as agreed under this Contract, which are not allowed to change without authorization. Within the transfer period, when there is a need to change the land use as agreed in this Contract, both parties consent to the provisions in Item I of this Article.   
     
  (I) Transferor recovers the construction land use rights by payment.   
     
  (II) Handle changes in land use approval procedures according to law, sign the alternation agreement of state-owned construction land use right grant contract or resign the transfer contract for state-owned construction land use right; the Transferee assess the difference between the market price and the market price of construction land use right under the original land-use in accordance with the approved construction land use right, make a supplementary payment for transfer price of state-owned construction land use right, and apply for the registration of land alteration.   

-5-

Article 19         Within a service period of parcel land use under this Contract, the Government reserves the rights of planning and adjusting the land under this Contract. If the original plan is subject to change, the existing buildings of the parcel land will not be affected, but the alteration, renovation, reconstruction of the buildings, structures and ancillary facilities or application for renewal for expiration involved shall be executed in accordance with the effective planning in the service period.   
     
   Article 20       As for the state-owned construction land use right legally used by the Transferee, the Transferor can only withdraw it after the durable years agreed in this Contract expire; If the state-owned construction land use right shall be withdrawn in advance based on need of public interest on special occasions, the Transferor shall report for approval according to legal procedures and compensate the land users as per the value of ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities when withdrawing, the evaluated market price of state-owned construction land use right of remaining term and direct loss identified after evaluation.   
     
  Chapter IV      Transfer, Leasing and Mortgage of State-owned Construction Land Use Right   
     
   Article 21         After the Transferee paying all transfer price for state-owned construction land use right as agreed in this Contract and gaining the use certificate of state-owned land, the Transferee shall be entitled to transfer, lease and mortgage the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract in part or in whole. Transfer for the first time shall meet conditions stipulated in Item I of this Article:   
     
  (I) Invest and develop in accordance with the agreement under this Contract, and complete more than 25% of the total development investment amount;   
     
  (II) Invest and develop in accordance with the agreement as specified in this Contract, and there is industrial land or other land for construction conditions formed.   
     
   Article 22       The transfer, leasing and mortgage contracts of the state-owned construction land use right shall not be contrary to national laws, regulations and this Contract.   
     
   Article 23       After all or part of the state-owned construction land use right under the Contract is transferred, the rights and obligations set forth in this Contract and the land registration document shall be transferred, too. The service life for the state-owned construction land use right shall be the remaining service life by deducting the used service life from the service life agreed in this Contract.   
     
  After all or part of the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract is leased, the Transferee shall bear the rights and obligations set forth in this Contract and the land registration document.   
     
   Article 24       If the state-owned construction land use right is transferred and mortgaged, the both parties shall go to the Land and Resource Management Department for registration of change with this Contract, the corresponding transfer, mortgage contracts and state-owned land use certificate.   

Chapter V      Expiration of the term   
     
   Article 25         If the useful life agreed in this Contract gets expired, the land users who need to continue to use the parcel land under this Contract shall submit renewal application to the Transferor at least one year before the expiration. It shall be approved unless the Transferor needs to withdraw the parcel land under this Contract because of social and public interests need.   
     
  On expiration of residential construction land using right, this Contract will be automatically renewed.   
     
  If the Transferor consents to the renewal of the land use, the land user shall handle paid land procedure such as transfer, lease, re-sign paid land use contracts, such as the transfer, leasing contracts, and pay for paid land use fees such as land transfer price and rental.   

-6-

Article 26         If land transfer period gets expired, the land users whose renewal application gets unapproved because of social and public interests need shall return State-owned Land Use Certificate and cancel the state-owned construction land use right registration in accordance with the regulations. The state-owned construction land use right is reclaimed freely by the Transferor. Transferor and land users consent to the ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities on the parcel land under this Contract and perform in accordance with the Item I of this Article:   
     
  (I) The Transferor shall recover ground buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities and equipments and makes corresponding loss compensations for the land user according to the residual value of ground buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities and equipments on the land at the recovery time.   
     
  (II) The Transferor shall recover ground buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities and equipments on the land without compensation.   
     
   Article 27       If land transfer period gets expired, the land users don't renewal application, they need shall return State-owned Land Use Certificate and cancel the state-owned construction land use right registration in accordance with the regulations. The state-owned construction land use right is reclaimed freely by the Transferor. The ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities on the parcel land under this Contract shall be reclaimed freely by the Transferor, and the land user shall maintain the normal use function of the ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities and avoid man-made destruction. If the ground building, structures and the ancillary facilities on the land lose their normal use functions, the Transferor can require the land user to remove or dismantle buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities on the land and recover the site formation.   
     
  Chapter VI      Force Majeure   
     
   Article 28         If part or all of the Contract cannot be implemented by either party due to the force majeure, the liability of the party can be exempted from but he must take all necessary remedial measures to reduce the losses caused by the force majeure. The parties should be responsible for force majeure during the delay in performance.   
     
   Article 29       In case of force majeure, the party should write to inform the other party the force majeure by letter, telegram, and fax and so on within 7 days and submits the reports and certificates of a part or whole part of unable to perform or requiring to delay the execution under this Contract within 15 days of the occurrence of the force majeure.   
     
  Chapter VII      Liability for Breach of Contract   
     
   Article 30         Transferee shall timely pay the transfer price of state-owned construction land use right in accordance with this Contract. If the Transferee who cannot pay for the state-owned construction land use right transfer price on time shall pay liquidated damages to the Transferor in 1    of delay payments daily from the date of nonpayment. If the payment is deferred more than 60 days, and the Assignee still cannot pay for the state-owned construction land use right transfer price after the Transferor's expediting, the Transferor has the right to cancel the contract and the Assignee has no right to demand the return of the down payment. The Transferor may request the Assignee to compensate for the losses.   
     
   Article 31       In case of the Transferee terminating investment and construction of such project for its own reason and proposing to the Transferor to terminate performance of this Contract and requiring land return, the Transferor shall refund all or partial transfer price for state-owned construction land use right (without interest calculated) excluding the down payment stipulated in this contact after reporting to the original People's Government which approved the land transfer scheme for approval, withdraw the state-owned construction land use right, completed buildings, structures and ancillary facilities within the scope of the parcel land won't be compensated, and the Transferor can also require the Transferee to eliminate completed buildings, structures and ancillary facilities and recover site formation; But if the Transferor is willing to continue to use completed buildings, structures and ancillary facilities within the scope of the parcel land, it shall give some compensations to the Transferee:   
     
  (I) If the Transferee applies to the Transferor in less than 60 days a year ago before the date of expiry of this Contract started construction, the Transferor returns the state-owned construction land use right transfer price that Transferee has paid after deducting the down payment;   

-7-

(II) If the Transferee applies to the Transferor in more than a year ago but less than two years and in no less than 60 days before two years of the date of expiration of the contract started construction, the Transferor shall return the remaining transfer price of state-owned construction land use right that Transferee has paid after deducting the down payment of this Contract and idle land fee in accordance with relevant regulations.   
     
   Article 32         In case of land vacancy caused by the Transferee and time of land vacancy being more than one year but less than two years, the idle land fee shall be paid according to law; In case of the time of land vacancy being more than two years and construction failing to start, the Transferor shall be entitled to withdraw the state-owned construction land use right free of charge.   
     
   Article 33       If the Transferee who fails to start construction on the agreed date or the agreed deferred date of this Contract shall pay liquidated damages to Transferor equivalent to 0.55    of the gross amount of the state-owned construction land use right transfer price for each delayed day. The Transferor has the right to ask the Transferee to continue performing the Contract.   
     
  If the Transferee who fails to complete construction on the agreed date or the agreed deferred date of this Contract shall pay liquidated damages to Transferor equivalent to 0.55    of the gross amount of the state-owned construction land use right transfer price for each delayed day.   
     
   Article 34       If the total fixed assets investment, investment intensity and total development investment do not meet the agreed standard as agreed in the contract, the Transferor is entitled to require the Transferee to pay liquidated damages equal to the same proportion of transfer price for the state-owned construction land use right based on the proportion that actual differential section accounting for the agreed total investment and investment intensity and to require the Transferee to continue to perform the Contract.   
     
   Article 35       In case of any one of indexes such as plot ratio, density of building of the parcel land under this Contract being lower than the minimum standard agreed in this Contract, the Transferor can require the Transferee to pay liquidated damages equal to the same proportion of transfer price for the state-owned construction land use right based on the proportion that actual differential section accounting for agreed minimum standard and has the right to require the Transferee to continue performance of this Contract; In case of any one of indexes such as plot ratio, density of building being higher than the highest standard agreed in this Contract, the Transferor will have the right to withdraw the partial area which is higher than the agreed highest standard, and have the right to require the Transferee to pay liquidated damages equal to the same proportion of transfer price for state-owned construction land use right based on the proportion that actual differential section accounting for agreed standard.   
     
   Article 36         Any indicators of the industrial construction projects, such as greening rate, the proportion of internal administrative land for office and living service facilities, the internal administration office and living service facilities construction area, etc. exceeds the standard agreed in the contract, the Transferee should pay the Transferor liquidated damages equivalent to 1    of the transfer price of the parcel land and remove the greening and building facilities.   
     
   Article 37       In case that the Transferee pays the transfer price for the state-owned construction land use right according to the Contract, the Transferors must deliver the land on schedule according to the agreement in the Contract. If the Transferee's possession of parcel land under this Contract is delayed because the Transferor fails to furnish the land on time, the Transferor should pay liquidated damages equal to  1     of the transfer price of state-owned construction land use right to the Transferee. The land use term starts from the actual furnishing date. If Transferor delays the delivery of land for more than 60 days and fails to deliver land after the Transferee's expediting, the Transferee is entitled to cancel the contract and the Transferor shall return of the deposit in double and refund the rest of the state-owned construction land use right transfer price has been paid. Transferee may request the Transferor to compensate for the losses.   

-8-

Article 38       If the Transferor fails to deliver land on time or the delivery of land fails to meet the agreed land conditions of the contract or performs unilateral changes in land use conditions, the Transferee is entitled to require the Transferor to fulfill obligations in accordance with the specified conditions and compensate for direct loss caused by the delayed performance. The land use term shall be calculated starting from the date that the land meets the agreed land conditions.   
     
  Chapter VIII     The Application of Law and the Dispute Resolution   
     
   Article 39       The foundation, force, explanation, implementation and solution of disputes of the contract apply to the law of the People's Republic of China.   
     
   Article 40       The dispute arising from the performance of this Contract shall be resolved by the parties through consultation. If the consultation fails, the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the agreed ways of Item I in this Article:   
     
  (I) Submit to the Arbitration Committee for arbitration in Handan;   
     
  (II) Bring a suit to a People's Court in accordance with the law.   
     
  Chapter IX      Supplementary Provisions   
     
   Article 41       The scheme of the parcel land transfer has been approved by the People's Government in  Wu'an . This contact shall take effect from the date of signature of the both parties.   
     
   Article 42       The parties ensure that the name, postal address, telephone number, fax number, account opening bank, agent filled in the contract is real and effective. If the information of one party is subject to change, this party shall inform the other party in written form within 15 days after the change, otherwise the responsibility resulting from untimely information shall be borne by the change party.   
     
   Article 43       The Contract and the Appendix have XXX pages in total, and the Chinese writing shall prevail.   
     
   Article 44       The Contract price, the amount and area, etc. should be both in words and in figures, and the amount should be consistent; if inconsistent, and in words will prevail.   
     
   Article 45       Matters not covered in this Contract can by the both parties agreed as an Appendix to the Contract, which has the same legal effect.   
     
   Article 46         The Contract shall be in triplicate, one copy for the Transferor and one copy for the Transferee, which has the same legal effect.  

Transferor (Seal):    
  Wu'an City Land and Resources Bureau (Seal)    
 
  Transferee (Seal):    
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (seal)     

Legal representative (entrusted agent):   
  (signature):     
 
  Legal representative (entrusted agent):   
  (signature):       
  March 3, 2014  

-9-

Appendix 1  
     
  The drawing of the plane boundary of the transferred parcel land  

Plotting scale:1     __________________  

-10-

Appendix 2   
     
  Vertical boundary of the Transferred Parcel Land   

The elevation system:  ____________________   
  Plotting scale: 1      ___________________   

-11-

Wu'an City Bureau of Housing and Urban-Rural Development   
     
  Planning conditions of the construction land for the Altair Project in the New Energy Industrial Park   
     
  No. 005 of No. 2012 Planning Design Conditions   
     
  I.      Land location: To the north of Handan-Wu'an Expressway, to the south of Yudaihe South Road, to the east of Caogongquan Avenue, and to the west of East Second Ring.   

V.    
 
  Building Density:  30% (Industry);  30% (Public facilities)      

VI.    
 
  Greening rate:  20% (Industry);  35% (Public facilities)      

VII.        
 
  Parking lot: The parking lot for motor vehicles shall be executed by referring to  The Management Rule (on trial) of Parking Lot Setting for Motor Vehicles in Urban Construction Engineering in Handan City  (Hanguibanzi [2011] No. 74); The non-motor vehicle parking lot is with the construction area of 2 cars/100m 2 .      

VIII.      
 
  The building setback red line, green line and the planning land boundary distance; The setback green line is no less than 20 meters against the Handan-Wu'an Expressway and no less than 15 meters against the East Second Ring, and the setback red line is no less than 6 meters against South Yudaihe Road and Caogongquan Avenue, and the setback boundary distance is executed in accordance with  Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Urban Planning Management Regulations of Handan City  and related rules.      

IX.          
 
  Building interval      the building interval shall comply with the requirements of  Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Urban Planning Management Regulations of Handan City  and related regulations.      

X.    
 
  The main exit and entrance directions for motor vehicles: the directions shall be set near Handan-Wu'an Expressway and East Second Ring, and be satisfied the distance requirements of the exit and entrance locations and road intersections.      

XI.      
 
  The landscape requirements: the elevation style shall be modern  , embody the novel design philosophy and be in harmony with the surroundings; the manufacturing workshops shall be embodied the industrial building features.      

XII.    
 
  The municipal public supporting facilities: shall be carried out as per related stipulations.      

XIII.    
 
  Other Requirements: 1. The land area for the administrative office and living service facilities shall not exceed 7% of the gross land area. 2. The building design shall be in new materials and technologies, the high technological contents and coincident energy-saving requirements shall be done. 3. Various engineering lines must be laid underground; 4. Various indicator calculations shall be based on the net land area.      

XIV.    
 
  The validity period of the planning conditions: The validity period shall be within two years from the date of issuance, and be automatically invalid in case the construction unit fails to carry out construction on the allocated and transferred land.      

XV.    
 
  Appendix: The attached map of the planning design conditions for the construction land of the Altair Project in the New Energy Industrial Park in Wu'an City      
     
  July 19, 2012  

</EX-10.63>

<EX-10.64>
 33
 ex10-64.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.64
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.64   

Electronic Supervision No.: 1304812015B00147   

Transfer Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right    

Ministry of Land and Resources of the People's Republic of China    
 
  Prepared by     

State Administration for Industry   Commerce of the People's Republic of China    

-1-

Contract No.:   
     
   C13048120150010    
     
   Transfer Contract for State-owned Construction Land Use Right    
     
  Both Parties of this Contract:   
     
  Transferor:  Wu'an Land and Resources Bureau    
     
  Postal address:  No. 26 Kuangjian Road;    
     
  Postcode:  056300;    
     
  Tel:  5532900;    
     
  Fax: ______________________;  
     
  Opening bank: ______________________;  
     
  Account No.: ______________________.  
     
  Transferee:  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.;    
     
  Postal address:  North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu'an Town, Wu'an County, Handan City, Hebei Province;    
     
  Postcode:  056300    
     
  Tel:  15530058089    
     
  Fax: ______________________;  
     
  Opening bank: ______________________;  
     
  Account No.: ______________________.  

-2-

Chapter I      General   
     
   Article 1       According to  Property Law of the People's Republic of China ,  Contract Law of the People's Republic of China ,  Land Management Law of the People's Republic of China ,  Law of the People's Republic of China on Urban Real Estate Administration  and the other laws, relevant administrative regulations and land supply policies, the both parties sign this Contract in line with the principle of equality, voluntariness, compensation, honesty and credit.   
     
   Article 2       The ownership of the transferred land belongs to the People's Republic of China and the Transferor transfers the state-owned construction land use rights authorized by law. Underground resources, buried objects do not belong to the transfer range of state-owned construction land use right.   
     
   Article 3       The Transferee enjoys the right to occupy, use, benefit, dispose the state-owned construction land gained through legal channel within transfer period, and shall be entitled to use the land to construct buildings, structures and ancillary facilities according to the law.   
     
  Chapter II      Delivery of the Transferred Land and the Payment of Transfer Price   
     
   Article 4       The parcel land No. of  2015 No. 10  under this Contract is transferred, and the total parcel land area is Fifty Five Thousand, Six Hundred and Five, Point Thirty Six Square Meters In Words (In Figures 55,605.36m 2 ), and the transferred parcel land is Fifty Five Thousand, Six Hundred and Five, Point Thirty Six square meters In Words (In Figures 55,605.36m 2 ).   
     
  The transferred parcel land under this Contract is located in the  north to Handan-Wu'an Expressway and the south to South Yudaihe Road in Wu'an .   
     
  The plane boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract is_______________;   
     
  The drawing of the plane boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract is in Appendix 1.   
     
  The vertical boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract takes _____________ as the upper limit and _________________ as the lower limit with height difference of ______________________ m. The drawing of the vertical boundary of the transferred parcel land under this Contract is in Appendix 2.   
     
  The space of the transferred parcel land is enclosed by the vertical plane formed by the aforementioned boundary points and the elevation plane from the upper to the lower limit.   
     
   Article 5         The purpose of the parcel land transferred under this Contract is for  industrial land .   
     
   Article 6       The Transferor agrees to deliver the transferred parcel land to the Transferee before  May 20, 2015  and agrees that, when delivers land, the parcel land shall meet the land conditions stipulated in Item I of this Article:   
     
  (I) site formation shall be up to ______________________;   
     
  the surrounding infrastructure shall be up to______________________;   
     
  (II) Current land conditions ______________________;   
     
   Article 7       Transfer term for the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract is  50  years which is calculated as of the date of land delivery agreed in Article 6 of this Contract; As for transfer formalities transacted for the original appropriated (leased) state-owned construction land use right, the transfer term shall be calculated from the date of signing this Contract.   
     
   Article 8       The price of transferring the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract is RMB Sixteen Million and Twenty Thousand Only in Words (In Figures RMB 16,020,000), and the price per square meter is RMB Two Hundred and Eighty-Eight and Ten Cents in Words (In Figures RMB 288.10).   
     
   Article 9       The down payment for the parcel land under this Contract is RMB________ In Words (RMB ________________In Figures), and credited to the transfer price.   

-3-

Article 10       The Transferee consents to pay the price of transferring the state-owned construction land use right to the Transferor in accordance with provisions in Item I of Paragraph I of this Article:   
     
  (I) The transfer price of state-owned construction land use right is all paid within  23  days upon signing this Contract;   
     
  (II) Pay the transfer price of state-owned construction land use right to Transferor according to the following time and amount schedule.   
     
  When the installment payment for transferring the state-owned construction land use right is chosen, the Transferee agrees to pay the interest of the second and later installment to the Transferor at the loan interest rate as he pays the first installment issued by the People's Bank of China.   
     
   Article 11         The Transferee shall apply for the transferring registration of state-owned construction land use right transfer upon relevant documentary evidences such as the Contract and transfer price payment voucher after paying off the transfer price the parcel land according to this Contract.   
     
  Chapter III      Land Development Construction and Utilization   
     
   Article 12         The Transferee agrees to develop the investment intensity for the parcel land under this Contract according to the implementation of the provision of Item I in this Article:   
     
  (I) The parcel land under this Contract is applied to industrial projects. The Transferee agrees that the total fixed assets investment of the parcel land of land under this Contract is no less than the approved or registered amount, RMB in words One Hundred and Sixty-Six Million Eight Hundred and Sixteen Thousand and Eighty Only (Amount in Figures RMB 166,816,080.00), and the investment intensity per square meter is no less than RMB Three Thousand in Words (In Figures RMB 3,000/m 2 ) The total fixed assets investment of the parcel land under this Contract includes: buildings, structures, ancillary facilities, equipment investment and transfer price.   
     
  (II) If the parcel land under this Contract is for non-industrial purpose, the Transferee promises the total development investment amount of the land shall not be less than RMB _______________In Words (RMB ____________In Figures).   
     
   Article 13       New buildings, structures and ancillary facilities constructed by the Transferee on the parcel land under this Contract shall conform to the planning conditions of the parcel land determined by Municipal (Town) Government Planning Administrative Department (See Appendix 3). Including:   
     
  The property of the main building is _____________;   
     
  The property of the ancillary building is _____________;   
     
  Total construction area is  83,408.04  square meters;   
     
  The plot ratio of building is not higher than  1.50  and not less than  0.60 ;   
     
  The building height restriction is _____________;   
     
  The building density is not higher than _____________ and not less than  30% ;   
     
  The greening rate is not higher than  20%  and not less than_____________;   
     
  Other land-use requirements_____________  
     
   Article 14       The Transferee agrees to develop the supporting infrastructure for the parcel land under this Contract according to the implementation of the provision of Item I in this Article:   
     
  (I) If the parcel land under this Contract is for industry purpose, according to the planning design conditions identified by Planning Department, the size of company administrative offices and life service facilities in the contract parcel land shall account for no more than  7 % of the total size of the parcel land, that's to say, no more than  3,892  m 2  and the floor area no more than_____________ square meters. The Transferee agrees not to build non-productive facilities like sets of houses, expert building, hotels, guesthouses, training centers within the scope of the parcel land.   

-4-

(II) The parcel land under this Contract is used for residential construction, according to planning and construction conditions determined by Planning and Construction Management Department, the total sets of residential building shall not less than _____________sets. Among which, the set number of the houses that less than 90 square meters of building area of dwelling size shall not be less than ______________sets, and the dwelling size of the residential is required to be _____________. The ratio of the building area of dwelling size less than 90 square meters within the scope of the parcel land under this Contract to the total parcel land construction area shall be not less than ________%. The Transferee agrees to process the economically affordable housing, low-rent housing and other governmental indemnificatory housings that are built within the scope of parcel land under this Contract according to the following _____________ mode:   
     
  1. Hand over to the government;   
     
  2. Repurchase by the government;   
     
  3. Implement according to the relevant regulations of the governmental economically affordable housing construction and sale management;   
     
  4. _______________________________________   
     
   Article 15         The Transferee consents to the simultaneous construction of the following supporting projects within the scope of the parcel land under this Contract, which shall be transferred to the government after the completion free of charge:   
     
  __________________________   
     
   Article 16         The Transferee consents to start parcel land construction projects under this Contract before  April 20, 2016 , and complete before  April 20, 2019 .   
     
  If the construction projects cannot be started on time, the Transferee shall submit deferral application to the Transferor 30 days in advance. With the Transferor's consent to the deferring, its project completion time will be extended accordingly, but the deferral period cannot exceed one year.   
     
   Article 17       In the process of constructing projects within the parcel land construction under this Contract, the Transferee shall handle the engineering connecting water, gas, sewage and other facilities with the main line, electricity substation interface and the introduction of engineering according to relevant regulations.   
     
  The Transferee allows various pipes and pipeline to pass through the Transferee parcel land by the government for the needs of public utilities, but if this impacts the usage functions of the transferred parcel land, government or utility construction subject shall give a reasonable amount of compensations.   
     
   Article 18       The Transferee shall use the land in accordance with the land use and the plot ratio as agreed under this Contract, which are not allowed to change without authorization. Within the transfer period, when there is a need to change the land use as agreed in this Contract, both parties consent to the provisions in Item I of this Article.   
     
  (I) Transferor recovers the construction land use rights by payment.   
     
  (II) Handle changes in land use approval procedures according to law, sign the alternation agreement of state-owned construction land use right grant contract or resign the transfer contract for state-owned construction land use right; the Transferee assess the difference between the market price and the market price of construction land use right under the original land-use in accordance with the approved construction land use right, make a supplementary payment for transfer price of state-owned construction land use right, and apply for the registration of land alteration.   

-5-

Article 19         Within a service period of parcel land use under this Contract, the Government reserves the rights of planning and adjusting the land under this Contract. If the original plan is subject to change, the existing buildings of the parcel land will not be affected, but the alteration, renovation, reconstruction of the buildings, structures and ancillary facilities or application for renewal for expiration involved shall be executed in accordance with the effective planning in the service period.   
     
   Article 20       As for the state-owned construction land use right legally used by the Transferee, the Transferor can only withdraw it after the durable years agreed in this Contract expire; If the state-owned construction land use right shall be withdrawn in advance based on need of public interest on special occasions, the Transferor shall report for approval according to legal procedures and compensate the land users as per the value of ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities when withdrawing, the evaluated market price of state-owned construction land use right of remaining term and direct loss identified after evaluation.   
     
  Chapter IV      Transfer, Leasing and Mortgage of State-owned Construction Land Use Right   
     
   Article 21         After the Transferee paying all transfer price for state-owned construction land use right as agreed in this Contract and gaining the use certificate of state-owned land, the Transferee shall be entitled to transfer, lease and mortgage the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract in part or in whole. Transfer for the first time shall meet conditions stipulated in Item I of this Article:   
     
  (I) Invest and develop in accordance with the agreement under this Contract, and complete more than 25% of the total development investment amount;   
     
  (II) Invest and develop in accordance with the agreement as specified in this Contract, and there is industrial land or other land for construction conditions formed.   
     
   Article 22       The transfer, leasing and mortgage contracts of the state-owned construction land use right shall not be contrary to national laws, regulations and this Contract.   
     
   Article 23       After all or part of the state-owned construction land use right under the Contract is transferred, the rights and obligations set forth in this Contract and the land registration document shall be transferred, too. The service life for the state-owned construction land use right shall be the remaining service life by deducting the used service life from the service life agreed in this Contract.   
     
  After all or part of the state-owned construction land use right under this Contract is leased, the Transferee shall bear the rights and obligations set forth in this Contract and the land registration document.   
     
   Article 24       If the state-owned construction land use right is transferred and mortgaged, the both parties shall go to the Land and Resource Management Department for registration of change with this Contract, the corresponding transfer, mortgage contracts and state-owned land use certificate.   

Chapter V      Expiration of the term   
     
   Article 25         If the useful life agreed in this Contract gets expired, the land users who need to continue to use the parcel land under this Contract shall submit renewal application to the Transferor at least one year before the expiration. It shall be approved unless the Transferor needs to withdraw the parcel land under this Contract because of social and public interests need.   
     
  On expiration of residential construction land using right, this Contract will be automatically renewed.   
     
  If the Transferor consents to the renewal of the land use, the land user shall handle paid land procedure such as transfer, lease, re-sign paid land use contracts, such as the transfer, leasing contracts, and pay for paid land use fees such as land transfer price and rental.   

-6-

Article 26         If land transfer period gets expired, the land users whose renewal application gets unapproved because of social and public interests need shall return State-owned Land Use Certificate and cancel the state-owned construction land use right registration in accordance with the regulations. The state-owned construction land use right is reclaimed freely by the Transferor. Transferor and land users consent to the ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities on the parcel land under this Contract and perform in accordance with the Item I of this Article:   
     
  (I) The Transferor shall recover ground buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities and equipments and makes corresponding loss compensations for the land user according to the residual value of ground buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities and equipments on the land at the recovery time.   
     
  (II) The Transferor shall recover ground buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities and equipments on the land without compensation.   
     
   Article 27       If land transfer period gets expired, the land users don't renewal application, they need shall return State-owned Land Use Certificate and cancel the state-owned construction land use right registration in accordance with the regulations. The state-owned construction land use right is reclaimed freely by the Transferor. The ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities on the parcel land under this Contract shall be reclaimed freely by the Transferor, and the land user shall maintain the normal use function of the ground buildings, structures and ancillary facilities and avoid man-made destruction. If the ground building, structures and the ancillary facilities on the land lose their normal use functions, the Transferor can require the land user to remove or dismantle buildings, structures and the ancillary facilities on the land and recover the site formation.   
     
  Chapter VI      Force Majeure   
     
   Article 28         If part or all of the Contract cannot be implemented by either party due to the force majeure, the liability of the party can be exempted from but he must take all necessary remedial measures to reduce the losses caused by the force majeure. The parties should be responsible for force majeure during the delay in performance.   
     
   Article 29       In case of force majeure, the party should write to inform the other party the force majeure by letter, telegram, and fax and so on within 7 days and submits the reports and certificates of a part or whole part of unable to perform or requiring to delay the execution under this Contract within 15 days of the occurrence of the force majeure.   
     
  Chapter VII      Liability for Breach of Contract   
     
   Article 30         Transferee shall timely pay the transfer price of state-owned construction land use right in accordance with this Contract. If the Transferee who cannot pay for the state-owned construction land use right transfer price on time shall pay liquidated damages to the Transferor in 1    of delay payments daily from the date of nonpayment. If the payment is deferred more than 60 days, and the Assignee still cannot pay for the state-owned construction land use right transfer price after the Transferor's expediting, the Transferor has the right to cancel the contract and the Assignee has no right to demand the return of the down payment. The Transferor may request the Assignee to compensate for the losses.   
     
   Article 31       In case of the Transferee terminating investment and construction of such project for its own reason and proposing to the Transferor to terminate performance of this Contract and requiring land return, the Transferor shall refund all or partial transfer price for state-owned construction land use right (without interest calculated) excluding the down payment stipulated in this contact after reporting to the original People's Government which approved the land transfer scheme for approval, withdraw the state-owned construction land use right, completed buildings, structures and ancillary facilities within the scope of the parcel land won't be compensated, and the Transferor can also require the Transferee to eliminate completed buildings, structures and ancillary facilities and recover site formation; But if the Transferor is willing to continue to use completed buildings, structures and ancillary facilities within the scope of the parcel land, it shall give some compensations to the Transferee:   
     
  (I) If the Transferee applies to the Transferor in less than 60 days a year ago before the date of expiry of this Contract started construction, the Transferor returns the state-owned construction land use right transfer price that Transferee has paid after deducting the down payment;   

-7-

(II) If the Transferee applies to the Transferor in more than a year ago but less than two years and in no less than 60 days before two years of the date of expiration of the contract started construction, the Transferor shall return the remaining transfer price of state-owned construction land use right that Transferee has paid after deducting the down payment of this Contract and idle land fee in accordance with relevant regulations.   
     
   Article 32         In case of land vacancy caused by the Transferee and time of land vacancy being more than one year but less than two years, the idle land fee shall be paid according to law; In case of the time of land vacancy being more than two years and construction failing to start, the Transferor shall be entitled to withdraw the state-owned construction land use right free of charge.   
     
   Article 33       If the Transferee who fails to start construction on the agreed date or the agreed deferred date of this Contract shall pay liquidated damages to Transferor equivalent to 0.55    of the gross amount of the state-owned construction land use right transfer price for each delayed day. The Transferor has the right to ask the Transferee to continue performing the Contract.   
     
  If the Transferee who fails to complete construction on the agreed date or the agreed deferred date of this Contract shall pay liquidated damages to Transferor equivalent to 0.55    of the gross amount of the state-owned construction land use right transfer price for each delayed day.   
     
   Article 34       If the total fixed assets investment, investment intensity and total development investment do not meet the agreed standard as agreed in the contract, the Transferor is entitled to require the Transferee to pay liquidated damages equal to the same proportion of transfer price for the state-owned construction land use right based on the proportion that actual differential section accounting for the agreed total investment and investment intensity and to require the Transferee to continue to perform the Contract.   
     
   Article 35       In case of any one of indexes such as plot ratio, density of building of the parcel land under this Contract being lower than the minimum standard agreed in this Contract, the Transferor can require the Transferee to pay liquidated damages equal to the same proportion of transfer price for the state-owned construction land use right based on the proportion that actual differential section accounting for agreed minimum standard and has the right to require the Transferee to continue performance of this Contract; In case of any one of indexes such as plot ratio, density of building being higher than the highest standard agreed in this Contract, the Transferor will have the right to withdraw the partial area which is higher than the agreed highest standard, and have the right to require the Transferee to pay liquidated damages equal to the same proportion of transfer price for state-owned construction land use right based on the proportion that actual differential section accounting for agreed standard.   
     
   Article 36         Any indicators of the industrial construction projects, such as greening rate, the proportion of internal administrative land for office and living service facilities, the internal administration office and living service facilities construction area, etc. exceeds the standard agreed in the contract, the Transferee should pay the Transferor liquidated damages equivalent to 1    of the transfer price of the parcel land and remove the greening and building facilities.   
     
   Article 37       In case that the Transferee pays the transfer price for the state-owned construction land use right according to the Contract, the Transferors must deliver the land on schedule according to the agreement in the Contract. If the Transferee's possession of parcel land under this Contract is delayed because the Transferor fails to furnish the land on time, the Transferor should pay liquidated damages equal to  1     of the transfer price of state-owned construction land use right to the Transferee. The land use term starts from the actual furnishing date. If Transferor delays the delivery of land for more than 60 days and fails to deliver land after the Transferee's expediting, the Transferee is entitled to cancel the contract and the Transferor shall return of the deposit in double and refund the rest of the state-owned construction land use right transfer price has been paid. Transferee may request the Transferor to compensate for the losses.   

-8-

Article 38       If the Transferor fails to deliver land on time or the delivery of land fails to meet the agreed land conditions of the contract or performs unilateral changes in land use conditions, the Transferee is entitled to require the Transferor to fulfill obligations in accordance with the specified conditions and compensate for direct loss caused by the delayed performance. The land use term shall be calculated starting from the date that the land meets the agreed land conditions.   
     
  Chapter VIII     The Application of Law and the Dispute Resolution   
     
   Article 39       The foundation, force, explanation, implementation and solution of disputes of the contract apply to the law of the People's Republic of China.   
     
   Article 40       The dispute arising from the performance of this Contract shall be resolved by the parties through consultation. If the consultation fails, the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the agreed ways of Item I in this Article:   
     
  (I) Submit to the Arbitration Committee for arbitration in Handan;   
     
  (II) Bring a suit to a People's Court in accordance with the law.   
     
  Chapter IX      Supplementary Provisions   
     
   Article 41       The scheme of the parcel land transfer has been approved by the People's Government in  Wu'an . This contact shall take effect from the date of signature of the both parties.   
     
   Article 42       The parties ensure that the name, postal address, telephone number, fax number, account opening bank, agent filled in the contract is real and effective. If the information of one party is subject to change, this party shall inform the other party in written form within 15 days after the change, otherwise the responsibility resulting from untimely information shall be borne by the change party.   
     
   Article 43       The Contract and the Appendix have XXX pages in total, and the Chinese writing shall prevail.   
     
   Article 44       The Contract price, the amount and area, etc. should be both in words and in figures, and the amount should be consistent; if inconsistent, and in words will prevail.   
     
   Article 45       Matters not covered in this Contract can by the both parties agreed as an Appendix to the Contract, which has the same legal effect.   
     
   Article 46         The Contract shall be in quadruplicate, two copies for the Transferor and two copies for the Transferee, which have the same legal effect.   

Transferor (Seal):    
  Wu'an City Land and Resources Bureau (Seal)    
 
  Transferee (Seal):    
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (seal)     

Legal representative (entrusted agent):   
  (signature):     
 
  Legal representative (entrusted agent):   
  (signature):       
  April 20, 2015   

-9-

The diagram of transfer parcel land   
     
  Unit: m    

1980 Xi'an Coordinate System    
 
  1      2500    
 
  Drawn by: Cui Danyang     

Measure the boundary points by the analytic method in MM/YYYY    

Reviewed by: Cui Ning      
     
  Drawing Date: DD/MM/YYYY   
     
  Date of approval: DD/MM/YYYY   

-10-

Appendix 2   
     
  Vertical boundary of the Transferred Parcel Land   

The elevation system:  ____________________   
  Plotting scale: 1      ___________________   

-11-

Wu'an City Bureau of Housing and Urban-Rural Development   
     
  Planning conditions of the construction land for the Altair Project in the New Energy Industrial Park   
     
  No. 005 of No. 2012 Planning Design Conditions   
     
  I.      Land location: To the north of Handan-Wu'an Expressway, to the south of Yudaihe South Road, to the east of Caogongquan Avenue, and to the west of East Second Ring.   

V.    
 
  Building Density:  30% (Industry);  30% (Public facilities)      

VI.    
 
  Greening rate:  20% (Industry);  35% (Public facilities)      

VII.        
 
  Parking lot: The parking lot for motor vehicles shall be executed by referring to  The Management Rule (on trial) of Parking Lot Setting for Motor Vehicles in Urban Construction Engineering in Handan City  (Hanguibanzi [2011] No. 74); The non-motor vehicle parking lot is with the construction area of 2 cars/100m 2 .      

VIII.      
 
  The building setback red line, green line and the planning land boundary distance; The setback green line is no less than 20 meters against the Handan-Wu'an Expressway and no less than 15 meters against the East Second Ring, and the setback red line is no less than 6 meters against South Yudaihe Road and Caogongquan Avenue, and the setback boundary distance is executed in accordance with  Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Urban Planning Management Regulations of Handan City  and related rules.      

IX.          
 
  Building interval      the building interval shall comply with the requirements of  Detailed Rules for the Implementation of Urban Planning Management Regulations of Handan City  and related regulations.      

X.    
 
  The main exit and entrance directions for motor vehicles: the directions shall be set near Handan-Wu'an Expressway and East Second Ring, and be satisfied the distance requirements of the exit and entrance locations and road intersections.      

XI.      
 
  The landscape requirements: the elevation style shall be modern  , embody the novel design philosophy and be in harmony with the surroundings; the manufacturing workshops shall be embodied the industrial building features.      

XII.    
 
  The municipal public supporting facilities: shall be carried out as per related stipulations.      

XIII.    
 
  Other Requirements: 1. The land area for the administrative office and living service facilities shall not exceed 7% of the gross land area. 2. The building design shall be in new materials and technologies, the high technological contents and coincident energy-saving requirements shall be done. 3. Various engineering lines must be laid underground; 4. Various indicator calculations shall be based on the net land area.      

XIV.    
 
  The validity period of the planning conditions: The validity period shall be within two years from the date of issuance, and be automatically invalid in case the construction unit fails to carry out construction on the allocated and transferred land.      

XV.    
 
  Appendix: The attached map of the planning design conditions for the construction land of the Altair Project in the New Energy Industrial Park in Wu'an City      
     
  July 19, 2012   
     
 -12- 

</EX-10.64>

<EX-10.65>
 34
 ex10-65.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.65
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.65   
     
  Employment Agreement  
  (Level 13 Officer)  
     
  THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this  Agreement ) is entered into as of August 15, 2014 (the  Effective Date ), by and among Altairnano, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ), Altair Nanotechnologies Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Parent ), together with the Company and all direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiaries of the Parent or the Company, the  Consolidated Companies  each, a  Consolidated Company ), and James Tao Zhan, an individual ( Employee ).  
     
   RECITALS   
     
  A.     The Company is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Parent and holds, directly or indirectly, a substantial portion of the operating assets of the Consolidated Companies and the shares of certain operating subsidiaries of the Consolidated Companies.   
     
  B.     Employee was named Chief Executive Officer of the Company on August 15, 2014 (the  Date of Hire ).  
     
  C.     Parent and the Company desire to retain Employee as an employee of a Consolidated Company subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.   
     
  D.     Employee desires to be retained as an employee of a Consolidated Company subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.   
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of this Agreement and of the covenants and conditions contained in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
     
  1.            Employment; Location . The Company hereby employs Employee during the Term, and Employee hereby accepts such employment. The initial  Place of Employment  for Employee shall be in Anderson, Indiana. If the Company requests that Employee relocate and Employee agrees to such request, the relocated place of employment shall thereafter be the  Place of Employment .   
     
  2.            Term . The term of this Agreement (the  Term ) shall commence on the Date of Hire and shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) the Expiration Date (as defined below), or (ii) the termination of Employee s employment with all of the Consolidated Companies.   
     
  2.1      Expiration Date defined    The initial Expiration Date shall be the two-year anniversary of the Date of Hire. Unless the Company or Employee provides the other with at least ninety (90) days advance written notice prior to the initial Expiration Date (and each Expiration Date thereafter) of its intention not to renew this term of Agreement following the then-current Expiration Date, the Expiration Date shall automatically be changed to the two-year anniversary of the then-current Expiration Date.   

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan  

 1 of 13

2.2      Survival of Certain Sections Until End of Statute of Limitations . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Section 7 and 8 shall survive termination of this Agreement and expiration of the Term for the time periods set forth therein, and this sentence and all provisions relating to the interpretation or enforcement of, and disputes under, this Agreement shall survive until the expiration of the last applicable statute of limitations.   
     
  3.            Duties . Employee s title shall be Chief Executive Officer of Altair Nanotechnologies, Inc. Employee s duties shall include such duties as are specifically assigned or delegated to Employee by the Board of Directors of any Consolidated Company (any such Board of Directors, the  Board ) and such other duties as are typically performed by an employee with the same position as Employee. Employee acknowledges that, subject to Section 6.3(c), the Board may change, increase or decrease Employee s title, position and/or duties from time to time its discretion and may appoint Employee as employee of another Consolidated Company, which employment is governed by this Agreement. Employee shall diligently execute his duties and shall devote his full time, skills and efforts to such duties during ordinary working hours. Employee shall faithfully adhere to, execute and fulfill all lawful policies established from time to time by the Consolidated Companies.   
     
  4.            Compensation and Benefits . The Company shall pay Employee, and Employee accepts a full compensation for all services to be rendered to all Consolidated Companies, the following compensation and benefits:   
     
  4.1          Base Salary . During the Term, the Company shall pay Employee an annual base salary per year in an amount not less than $300,000. Such annual base salary shall be payable in accordance with the Company s customary pay schedule. During the Term, the base salary of Employee shall not be reduced below the minimum required by this Section.   
     
  4.2          Stock Options .  
     
  (a)     Parent has granted to Employee options to purchase an aggregate of 66,666 common shares of Parent subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable stock incentive plan.  
     
  (b)     During the period of Employee s employment with a Consolidated Company, Parent may from time to time grant to Employee options to purchase common shares of Parent and/or issue to Employee common shares that are subject to rights of forfeiture or repurchase under certain terms and conditions (such options or shares,  Equity Awards ). Parent agrees that all agreements governing Equity Awards shall provide (if not already so amended) that such Equity Awards shall, unless otherwise requested by Employee in writing, immediately vest as of the effective date of the Change of Control Event. A  Change of Control Event  means (a) any capital reorganization, reclassification of the capital stock of Parent, consolidation or merger of Parent with another corporation in which Parent is not the survivor (other than a transaction effective solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of Parent), (b) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Consolidated Companies  assets to another entity, (c) the acquisition by a single person (or two or more persons acting as a group, as a group is defined for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than Energy Storage Technology (China) Group Ltd and its affiliates, of more than 40% of the outstanding common shares of Parent.   

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan   

 2 of 13

4.3      Bonus . Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus when, as and if determined by the Board in such amount, and subject to such conditions, as determined by the Board. Employee and the Board shall, prior to the end of the first month of each calendar year, negotiate in good faith with the objective of agreeing upon performance objectives and related bonus amounts for the upcoming fiscal year. If Employee and the Board are not able to reach a mutual agreement as to performance objectives or the potential amount of the bonus (or have no such negotiation) the objectives and amount of any bonus shall be in the discretion of the Board. In all circumstances, the bonus owing to Employee hereunder, if any, shall be paid to Employee prior to March 15th of the year following the year in which Employee has achieved the agreed-upon performance objectives, such achievement being determined in the sole discretion of the Board.   
     
  4.4      Additional Benefits . Employee shall be eligible to participate in, and be subject to, the Consolidated Companies  employee benefit plans for, and policies governing, employees, if and when any such plans and policies may be adopted, including, without limitation, bonus plans, pension or profit sharing plans, incentive stock plans, and those plans established in the discretion of the Board for individual participation in any such plans and policies as may be in effect from time to time.   
  4.5      Vacation, Sick Leave, and Holidays . Beginning on the Date of Hire, Employee shall be entitled to three (3) weeks vacation and sick leave in addition to Company-designated holidays at full pay in accordance with the Consolidated Companies  policies.  
     
  4.6      Deductions . The Company shall have the right to deduct from the compensation due to Employee hereunder and all sums required for social security and withholding taxes and for any other federal, state or local tax or charge which may be hereafter enacted or required by law as a charge on any cash or non-cash compensation of Employee.   
     
  5.            Business Expenses . The Company shall promptly reimburse Employee for all reasonable out-of-pocket entertainment and business expenses Employee incurs in fulfilling Employee s duties hereunder subject to, and in accordance with, the general reimbursement policy of the Consolidated Companies in effect from time to time.  

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan   

 3 of 13

6.            Termination of Employee s Employment .  
     
  6.1      Termination of Employment by the Company for Cause . Employee s employment may be terminated by the Consolidated Companies at any time for  Cause . A determination of whether Employee s actions justify termination for Cause shall be made by the Board. A termination of Employee s employment pursuant to this Section 6.1 shall be effective as of the effective date of the notice by the Board of Parent to Employee that it has made the required determination, or as of such subsequent date, if any, as is specified in such notice. For purposes of this Agreement,  Cause  shall include (a) Employee s material breach of this Agreement, which breach cannot be cured or, if capable of being cured, is not cured within fifteen (15) days after receipt of written notice of the need to cure, (b) any act of theft, embezzlement, conversion or other taking or misuse of the property or opportunities of the Consolidated Company, (c) any fraudulent or criminal activities, (d) any grossly negligent or unethical activity, (e) any activity that causes substantial harm to any Consolidated Companies, its reputation, or to its officers, directors or employees (including, without limitation, the illegal possession or consumption of drugs for which Employee does not have a valid prescription on property controlled by any Consolidated Company or in the course of performing services for any Consolidated Company), or (f) habitual neglect of or deliberate or intentional refusal to perform Employee s duties and obligations under this Agreement.   
     
  6.2      Termination by the Company Without Cause . Employee s employment with each Consolidated Company is  at will  and may be terminated at any time by any of the Consolidated Companies with, or without, Cause or Good Reason. Any termination shall be effective as of the date specified in the notice of termination.   
     
  6.3      Termination By Employee for Good Reason . Employee may terminate his employment with any and all Consolidated Companies at any time for Good Reason (as defined below), provided Employee has delivered a written notice to the Board of Parent that briefly describes the facts underlying Employee s belief that Good Reason exists and the Company has failed to cure such situation within thirty (30) days of its receipt of such notice.   
     
  For purposes of this Agreement,  Good Reason  shall mean and consist of: (a) a material breach by the Company of any of its obligations, duties, agreements, representations or warranties under this Agreement that cannot be cured or, if capable of being cured, is not cured within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice from the Employee of the need to cure; (b) without Employee s prior written consent, the Consolidated Company requires the Employee to relocate Employee s place of employment to any place other than the Place of Employment as a condition to continued employment or maintenance of the same or a comparable position with the Consolidated Companies (provided that reasonable business travel shall not constitute a relocation of Employee s place of employment and required relocation shall constitute Good Reason only following the Consolidated Companies  notification of Employee of its requirement that Employee relocate and prior to Employee s agreement to relocate his place of employment), or (c) during the period ninety (90) days prior to and one year after a Change of Control, there is a material adverse change in Employee s title, position and/or duties within the Consolidated Companies as a whole.   
     
  6.4      Termination by Employee without Good Reason . Upon not less than fifteen (15) days prior written notice (which notice shall specify the effective date of the termination), Employee may terminate his employment with any and all Consolidated Companies by such notice without Good Reason or any reason of any kind.   

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan   

 4 of 13

6.5      Termination of Employment by Death . If Employee dies during the term of employment, Employee s employment with all Consolidated Companies shall be terminated effective as of the date of Employee s death.   
     
  6.6      Disability . The Company or Employee may terminate Employee s employment with all Consolidated Companies if Employee shall become unable to fulfill his duties under this Agreement, as measured by the Consolidated Companies  usual business activities, for the eligibility period set forth in the long-term disability policy under which Employee is potentially eligible to receive disability benefits (the  Eligibility Period ) by reason of any medically determinable physical and/or mental disability determined in accordance with the procedure in this Section 6.6. If in the opinion of the Company or Employee, Employee is disabled, then the following shall occur:  
     
  (a)     the Company or Employee shall promptly so notify (by dated written notice) the insurance company or carrier that, at that time, insures that employees of the Company against long-term disability (the  Company s Insurance Carrier ) and request a determination as to whether Employee is disabled pursuant to the terms of the Company s long-term disability plan or policy; and  
     
  (b)     the matter of Employee s disability shall be resolved, and Employee and the Company shall abide by the decision of, the Company s Insurance Carrier.   
     
  A termination of Employee s employment pursuant to this Section 6.6 shall be effective at the expiration of the Eligibility Period. If Employee is not covered by a Company-sponsored long-term disability policy on the date that the Company and/or Employee believe that Employee may have a medically determinable physical and/or mental disability, the Board of Parent shall make the determination of whether Employee has a medically determinable physical and/or mental disability using the definition of disability, including applicable court interpretations used for purposes of the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, and the  Eligibility Period  shall be 90 days from the date as of which it is determined that the Employee commenced having a medically determinable disability.   

7.     
 
   Effect of Termination of Employee s Employment .     
     
  7.1      Provisions Applicable to All Terminations . If Employee s employment with all Consolidated Companies is terminated for any reason, (a) all cash compensation from the Company described in this Agreement that was due through the effective date of the termination, but unpaid, shall be computed and paid to Employee by the Company within any payment deadline set forth in Indiana law (or if none is applicable within thirty (30) days), provided that any disability payments to be made by the Company s Insurance Carrier shall be made when, as and if made by the Company s Insurance Carrier; and (b) Employee, or his heirs, or estate, as the case may be, shall receive all compensation and employee benefits accrued through the effective date of the termination, and all benefits provided through the Company s insurance plans pursuant to the terms and conditions of such insurance plans or that the Company is required to provide by governing law.  

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan  

 5 of 13

7.2      Termination Absent a Change of Control and Absent Cause/ Good Reason . If Employee s employment with all of the Consolidated Companies is terminated under any circumstances other than the circumstances described in Section 7.3 or Section 7.4 below, whether by the Consolidated Companies or Employee, Employee shall not be entitled to any compensation in addition to that set forth in Section 7.1      
     
  7.3      Termination by Employee for Good Reason . If Employee s employment is terminated by Employee for Good Reason after the period commencing ninety (90) days following the Date of Hire (which 90-day period shall be referred to as the  Probation Period ) and during the Term (but not as of an Expiration Date), then in addition to complying with the requirements of Section7.1, the Company shall, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 7.8) and conditioned upon the Company s receipt of a written waiver, release and non-litigation agreement from Employee in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Consolidated Companies with respect to all liabilities of any Consolidated Company of any kind arising prior to and in connection with such termination (other than under Options and Section 7) (a  Release ), pay to or for the benefit of Employee or, if applicable, Employee s heirs or estate:  
     
  (a) With respect to the Severance Period (as defined in Section 7.5), Employee s base salary at a rate equal to Employee s salary rate as of the date of termination paid in accordance with the Company s customary pay schedule; and  
     
  (b) Reimbursement of actual Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( COBRA ) expenses related to any election to continue Company health benefits coverage then in effect under COBRA (with Company /Employee contributions remaining the same on a percentage basis as during the period immediately prior to termination) for a period of eighteen (18) months commencing on the first day of the Severance Period.   
     
  Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7.3 to the contrary: (A) no base salary continuation otherwise payable to the Employee under this Section 7.3 shall be paid unless and until the Employee incurs a Separation from Service from the Company during the Severance Period (with any amounts deferred as a result of this subsection 7.3(A) being payable promptly following such Separation from Service and as permitted by subsection 7.3(B)); and (B) any base salary amounts that are otherwise due or payable under this Section 7.3 during the six-month period following the Employee s Separation from Service shall instead be deferred and paid to the Employee within five (5) business days after, but in no instance prior to, the six-month anniversary of Employee s Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of Employee s death) if and to the extent that such amounts (1) do not constitute  separation pay due to involuntary separation from service  (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) as a result of the application of the separation from serve for good reasons provisions set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(n)(2)(ii)); and (2) are subject to Code Section 409A. All base salary continuation amounts owing to Employee with respect to portions of the Severance Period following the six-month anniversary of the Separation of Service shall be paid in accordance with the Company s customary pay schedule. The foregoing payment structure is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ) and shall be interpreted consistently with that intent. For purposes of clarity, if the employment of Employee is terminated during the Probation Period, Employee shall not be entitled to any payments under this Section 7.3.  

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan   

 6 of 13

7.4      Termination by Company without Cause . If Employee s employment is terminated by Parent or the Company without Cause at any time after the Probation Period and during the Term (but not as of an Expiration Date), then, in addition to complying with the requirements of Section 7.1, the Company shall, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 7.8) and conditioned upon the Company s receipt of a Release, continue to pay, when due in accordance with the Company s customary pay schedule, to or for the benefit of Employee or, if applicable, his heirs or estate, subject to (A) and (B) below:   
     
  (a) Employee s base salary at a rate equal to Employee s salary rate as of the date of termination during the Severance Period.   
     
  (b) Reimbursement of actual COBRA expenses related to any election to continue Company health benefits coverage then in effect under COBRA (with Company /Employee contributions remaining the same on a percentage basis as during the period immediately prior to termination) for a period of eighteen (18) months commencing on the first day of the Severance Period.   
     
  Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7.4 to the contrary: (A) no base salary continuation otherwise payable to the Employee under this Section 7.4 shall be paid unless and until Employee incurs a Separation from Service from the Company during the Severance Period (with any amounts deferred as a result of this subsection 7.4(A) being payable promptly following such Separation from Service and as permitted by subsection 7.4(B)) and (B); any base salary amounts that are otherwise due or payable under this Section 7.4 during the six-month period following the Employee s Separation from Service shall instead be deferred and paid to the Employee within five (5) business days after, but in no instance prior to, the six (6) month anniversary of Employee s Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of Employee s death) if and to the extent that such amounts (1) do not constitute  separation pay due to involuntary separation from service  (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)); and (2) are subject to Code Section 409A. All base salary continuation amounts owing to Employee with respect to portions of the Severance Period following the six (6) month anniversary of the Separation of Service shall be paid in accordance with the Company s customary pay schedule. The foregoing restrictions on the payment of continuing base salary are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall be interpreted consistently with that intent. For purposes of clarity, if the employment of Employee is terminated during the Probation Period, Employee shall not be entitled to any payments under this Section 7.4.  
     
  7.5      Severance Period . Subject to Section 7.7, the  Severance Period  shall be a period of two (2) months for each year of employment with the Company (prorated for any partial periods). The Severance Period shall commence when a  separation from service  occurs, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (a  Separation from Service ).   

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan   

 7 of 13

7.6      Return of Company Property . Upon the termination or end of the employment of Employee with the Consolidated Companies or at any time upon the request of Parent, Employee shall provide to the Consolidated Companies all property belonging to any Consolidated Company, including, but not limited to, keys, card passes, credit cards, electronic equipment including computers and personal digital devices, cellular telephones, Consolidated Company automobiles, and all data and any Consolidated Company intellectual property whether located on Consolidated Company property or otherwise.   
     
  7.7      Breach of Protective Covenants . Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7 to the contrary, Employee shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits under any of Sections 7.3 or 7.4 of this Agreement with respect to any period (a) prior to Employee s delivery to the Company of a Release if such Release is not executed within seven (7) days of Employee s receipt of a form of Release, (b) prior to Employee s delivery of the resignations required by Section 7.8, if applicable, (c) during which Employee is in breach of Section 7.6 or any portion of Section 8 of this Agreement, (d) during which Employee is in breach of any portion of the Proprietary Information Agreement (any of (a), (b), (c) or (d), a  Covenant Breach ). Upon the Company s determination that a Covenant Breach has occurred, it shall notify Employee of its belief that a Covenant Breach has occurred and may withhold, without penalty or interest, any payments or benefits otherwise due to Employee pursuant to any of Section 7.3 or 7.4 until the question of whether a Covenant Breach has occurred is definitely resolved without right to appeal or similar recourse (and if it is determined that the Company withheld the payments and benefits in error, the Company s sole obligation shall be prompt payment of all withheld payments and the cash value to the Company of any withheld benefits).  
     
  7.8      Resignation from Board of Directors . Within forty-eight (48) hours of the termination of Employee s employment with the Company and Parent, Employee shall submit to Parent a written resignation from the board of directors of all Consolidated Companies on which Employee is a director.    

8.     
 
   Covenant Not to Compete      
     
  8.1      Covenant . Employee hereby agrees that, while Employee is employed by any Consolidated Company and during a period of twelve (12) months following the termination of Employee s employment with all Consolidated Companies, Employee will not directly compete (as defined in Section 8.2 below) with any the Consolidated Company or any affiliates anywhere in the United States or China. It is the intention of Parent, the Company and Employee that this provision be interpreted to only prevent actual competitive harm to any Consolidated Company and not otherwise hinder or restrict Employee in his efforts to find continued employment in Employee s field of training and expertise.    

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan   

 8 of 13

8.2      Direct Competition . As used herein, the phrase  directly compete  shall include owning, managing, operating or controlling, or participating in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or being connected with or having any interest in, as a stockholder, director, officer, employee, agent, consultant, assistant, advisor, sole proprietor, partner or otherwise, any Competing Business (as defined below). For purposes of this Agreement, a  Competing Business  shall be any business or enterprise other than any Consolidated Company that is engaged in the Energy Storage Business (as defined below). This prohibition, however, shall not apply to ownership of less than five percent (5%) of the voting stock in companies whose stock is traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market. For purposes of this Agreement, the  Energy Storage Business  means the development, marketing, sale or exploitation of (a) lithium titanate oxide, or (b) rechargeable batteries, rechargeable batteries systems or energy storage systems comprised of rechargeable batteries.  
     
   8.3      Nonsolicitation . Employee hereby agrees that, while he is employed by any Consolidated Company pursuant to this Agreement and during a period of 12 months following the termination of Employee s employment with all Consolidated Companies, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, through an affiliate or otherwise, for his account or the account of any other person, (a) solicit business substantially similar to the Energy Storage Business from any person or entity that at the time of termination is or was a customer of any Consolidated Company, whether or not Employee had personal contact with such person during and by reason of employment with a Consolidated Company; (ii) in any manner induce or attempt to induce any employee of a Consolidated Company to terminate his employment with a Consolidated Company; or (iii) materially and adversely interfere with the relationship between a Consolidated Company and any employee, contractor, supplier, customer or shareholder of a Consolidated Company.    
     
  8.4      Enforceability . If any of the provisions of this Section 8 is held unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless remain enforceable, and the court making such determination shall modify, among other things, the scope, duration, or geographic area of this Section to preserve the enforceability hereof to the maximum extent permitted by law. In addition, the enforceability of this Section is also subject to the injunctive and other equitable powers of a court as described in Section 11 below.  
     
  8.5      Jurisdiction . For the sole purpose of enforcement of the Consolidated Companies  rights under this Section 8, Parent, the Company and Employee intend to and hereby confer jurisdiction to enforce the restrictions set forth in this Section 8 (the  Restrictions ) upon the courts of any jurisdiction within the geographical scope of the Restrictions. If the courts of any one or more of such jurisdictions hold the Restrictions unenforceable by reason of the breadth of such scope or otherwise, it is the intention of Parent, the Company and Employee that such determination not bar or in any way affect any Consolidated Company s rights to the relief provided above in the courts of any other jurisdiction within the geographical scope of the Restrictions, as to breaches of such covenants in such other respective jurisdictions, such covenants as they relate to each jurisdiction being, for this purpose, severable into diverse and independent covenants. In the event of any litigation between the parties under this Section 8, the court shall award reasonable attorneys fees to the prevailing party.  

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan   

 9 of 13

9.      Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, Etc . Employee represents and covenants that Employee has signed and delivered to Parent (or will sign and deliver upon request) an Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, Nonsolicitation and Arbitration Agreement is a condition precedent to Employee s eligibility for any rights and benefits under this Agreement (the  Proprietary Information Agreement ). The Proprietary Information Agreement and this Agreement shall be interpreted, to the extent possible, as being mutually consistent with each other, supplementary and both fully enforceable; provided, however, in the event of an irreconcilable conflict between specific provisions of each of the two agreements, the specific provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.    
     
  10.      No Conflicts . Employee hereby represents and covenants that Employee s performance of all the terms of this Agreement and his work as an employee of a Consolidated Company does not and will not breach any oral or written agreement to which Employee is a party or by which Employee is bound.   
     
  11.      Equitable Remedies . Employee acknowledges and agrees that the breach or threatened breach by him of certain provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation Sections 8 above, would cause irreparable harm to the Consolidated Company for which damages at law would be an inadequate remedy. Accordingly, Employee hereby agrees that in any such instance Parent or the Company shall be entitled to seek (without prior mediation or arbitration) injunctive or other equitable relief in any other state or federal court within or without the State of Nevada in addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled. Employee hereby submits to the jurisdiction of any courts within the City of Reno in the State of Nevada and agrees not to assert such venue is inconvenient.   
     
  12.      Assignment . This Agreement is for the unique personal services of Employee and is not assignable or delegable in whole or in part by Employee without the consent of the Board of Parent. This Agreement may not be assigned or delegated in whole or in part by the Parent or the Company without the written consent of Employee; provided, however, this Agreement may be assigned by the Parent or the Company without Employee s prior written consent if such assignment is made to an entity that is a Consolidated Company or is acquiring substantially all of the business or assets of any Consolidated Company, whether by merger, asset sale or otherwise.   
     
  13.      Waiver or Modification . Any waiver, modification, or amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective only if in writing in a document that specifically refers to this Agreement and such document is signed by the parties hereto.   
     
  14.      Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Proprietary Information Agreement and other agreements required under or included in the Consolidated Companies' policies constitute the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter covered herein and supersedes and terminates all prior oral or written understandings and agreements with respect thereto.   
     
  15.      Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.   

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan   

 10 of 13

16.      Attorney s Fees . Should any Company, Parent or Employee default in any of the covenants contained in this Agreement, or in the event a dispute shall arise as to the meaning of any term of this Agreement, the defaulting or nonprevailing party shall pay all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys  fees, that may arise or accrue from enforcing this Agreement, securing an interpretation of any provision of this Agreement, or in pursuing any remedy provided by applicable law whether such remedy is pursued or interpretation is sought by the filing of a lawsuit ,an appeal, or otherwise.   
     
  17.      Confidentiality . Each of the parties acknowledges that the common shares of Parent are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as a result, Parent may be required to, and hereby has authorization to, file this Agreement or any amendment hereto with the Securities and Exchange Commission without requesting confidential treatment for any portion hereof.   
     
  18.      Notices . Any notice required hereunder to be given by either party shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, or by private courier, with written verification of delivery, or by facsimile or other electronic transmission to the other party to the address or facsimile number set forth below or to such other address or facsimile number as either party may designate from time to time according to this provision. A notice delivered personally or by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective upon receipt. A notice delivered by mail or private courier shall be effective on the third day after the day of mailing:   

(A) To  Employee at:  
 
  ______________________________    

______________________________  

______________________________   

19.      Disputes; Governing Law; Arbitration .   
     
  19.1          Except as provided in Section 11 and Section 8.5, any dispute concerning the interpretation or construction of this Agreement or his employment or service with Company, shall be resolved by confidential mediation or binding arbitration in Madison County, Indiana. The parties shall first attempt mediation with a neutral mediator agreed upon by the parties. If mediation is unsuccessful or if the parties are unable to agree upon a mediator within thirty (30) days of a request for mediation by any party, the dispute shall be submitted to arbitration pursuant to the procedures of the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ) or other procedures agreed to by the parties. All arbitration proceedings shall be conducted by a neutral arbitrator mutually agreed upon by the parties from a list provided by AAA. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on all parties. The costs of mediation and arbitration shall be borne equally by the parties.  

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan   

 11 of 13

19.2     This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the statutes and common law of the State of Indiana (other than provisions that would cause the provisions of any other laws to apply). To the extent this Agreement expressly permits any dispute to be resolved other than through arbitration or mediation, except as set forth in Section 8.5, the exclusive venue for any such action shall be the state federal courts located in Reno, Nevada, and the parties each hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such courts for purposes this Agreement.  
   
  20.      Counterparts; Facsimile . This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, all of which taken together shall form a single Agreement. A facsimile copy of this Agreement or any counterpart thereto shall be valid as an original.  

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan   

 12 of 13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employee has signed this Employment Agreement (Level 13 Officer) personally and the Company and Parent have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.  

COMPANY:   
  ALTAIRNANO, INC.  
  a Nevada corporation  
     
  By: _ /s/ Karen Werner  _____________  
     
  Name:  Karen Werner _______________  
     
  Title: Interim  Chief Financial Officer __  

PARENT :  
  ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC.  
  a Delaware corporation  
     
  By:  /s/ Karen Werner _______________  
     
  Name:  Karen Werner _______________  
     
  Title:  Interim Chief   Financial Officer __  
     
   EMPLOYEE :  

/s/ James Tao Zhan                                       
  James Tao Zhan, an individual     

Employment Agreement   James Tao Zhan 
 13/13 

</EX-10.65>

<EX-10.66>
 35
 ex10-66.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.66
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.66   

Employment Agreement  
  (Level 13 Officer)  
     
  THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this  Agreement ) is entered into as of September 23, 2015, by and among Altairnano, Inc., a corporation (the  Company ), Altair Nanotechnologies Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Parent ), together with the Company and all direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiaries of the Parent or the Company, the  Consolidated Companies  each, a  Consolidated Company ), and Guohua Sun, an individual ( Employee ).  
     
   RECITALS   
     
  A.     The Company is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Parent and holds, directly or indirectly, a substantial portion of the operating assets of the Consolidated Companies and the shares of certain operating subsidiaries of the Consolidated Companies.   
     
  B.     Employee was named Chief Executive Officer of the Company on September 23, 2015 (the  Date of Hire and Approval by the Board of Directors ).  
     
  C.     Parent and the Company desire to retain Employee as an employee of a Consolidated Company subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.   
     
  D.     Employee desires to be retained as an employee of a Consolidated Company subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.   
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of this Agreement and of the covenants and conditions contained in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
     
  1.          Employment; Location . The Company hereby employs Employee during the Term, and Employee hereby accepts such employment. The initial  Place of Employment  for Employee shall be in Guangdong, China.   
     
  2.          Term . The term of this Agreement (the  Term ) shall commence on the Date of Hire and shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) the Expiration Date (as defined below), or (ii) the termination of Employee s employment with all of the Consolidated Companies.   
     
  2.1      Expiration Date defined    The Expiration Date shall be determined by the Board of Directors or the Employee can submit a request to the Board of Directors (90) days in advance of a Board Meeting to discuss an Expiration Date.   
     
  2.2      Survival of Certain Sections Until End of Statute of Limitations . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Section 7 and 8 shall survive termination of this Agreement and expiration of the Term for the time periods set forth therein, and this sentence and all provisions relating to the interpretation or enforcement of, and disputes under, this Agreement shall survive until the expiration of the last applicable statute of limitations.  

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun

 1 of 12

3.          Duties . Employee s title shall be Chief Executive Officer of Altair Nanotechnologies, Inc. Employee s duties shall include such duties as are specifically assigned or delegated to Employee by the Board of Directors of any Consolidated Company (any such Board of Directors, the  Board ) and such other duties as are typically performed by an employee with the same position as Employee. Employee acknowledges that, subject to Section 6.3(c), the Board may change, increase or decrease Employee s title, position and/or duties from time to time its discretion and may appoint Employee as employee of another Consolidated Company, which employment is governed by this Agreement. Employee shall diligently execute his duties and shall devote his full time, skills and efforts to such duties during ordinary working hours. Employee shall faithfully adhere to, execute and fulfill all lawful policies established from time to time by the Consolidated Companies.   
     
  4.          Compensation and Benefits . The Company shall pay Employee, and Employee accepts a full compensation for all services to be rendered to all Consolidated Companies, the following compensation and benefits:   
     
  4.1         Base Salary . During the Term, the Company shall pay Employee an annual base salary per year in an amount not less than $20,000. Such annual base salary shall be payable in accordance with the Company s customary China pay schedule. During the Term, the base salary of Employee shall not be reduced below the minimum required by this Section.   
     
  4.2         Stock Options .  
     
  (a)     Parent has not granted to Employee any options to purchase an aggregate number of common shares of Parent subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable stock incentive plan.  
     
  (b)     During the period of Employee s employment with a Consolidated Company, Parent may from time to time grant to Employee options to purchase common shares of Parent and/or issue to Employee common shares that are subject to rights of forfeiture or repurchase under certain terms and conditions (such options or shares,  Equity Awards ). Parent agrees that all agreements governing Equity Awards shall provide (if not already so amended) that such Equity Awards shall, unless otherwise requested by Employee in writing, immediately vest as of the effective date of the Change of Control Event. A  Change of Control Event  means (a) any capital reorganization, reclassification of the capital stock of Parent, consolidation or merger of Parent with another corporation in which Parent is not the survivor (other than a transaction effective solely for the purpose of changing the jurisdiction of incorporation of Parent), (b) the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Consolidated Companies  assets to another entity, (c) the acquisition by a single person (or two or more persons acting as a group, as a group is defined for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), other than Energy Storage Technology (China) Group Ltd and its affiliates, of more than 40% of the outstanding common shares of Parent.  

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun 

 2 of 12

4.3      Bonus . Employee shall be eligible to receive an annual performance bonus when, as and if determined by the Board in such amount, and subject to such conditions, as determined by the Board. Employee and the Board shall, prior to the end of the first month of each calendar year, negotiate in good faith with the objective of agreeing upon performance objectives and related bonus amounts for the upcoming fiscal year. If Employee and the Board are not able to reach a mutual agreement as to performance objectives or the potential amount of the bonus (or have no such negotiation) the objectives and amount of any bonus shall be in the discretion of the Board. In all circumstances, the bonus owing to Employee hereunder, if any, shall be paid to Employee prior to March 15th of the year following the year in which Employee has achieved the agreed-upon performance objectives, such achievement being determined in the sole discretion of the Board.  
     
  4.4      Additional Benefits . Employee shall be eligible to participate in, and be subject to, the Consolidated Companies  employee benefit plans for, and policies governing, employees, if and when any such plans and policies may be adopted, including, without limitation, bonus plans, pension or profit sharing plans, incentive stock plans, and those plans established in the discretion of the Board for individual participation in any such plans and policies as may be in effect from time to time.  
     
  4.5      Vacation, Sick Leave, and Holidays . Beginning on the Date of Hire, Employee shall be entitled to three (3) weeks vacation and sick leave in addition to Company-designated holidays at full pay in accordance with the Consolidated Companies  policies.  
     
  4.6      Deductions . The Company shall have the right to deduct from the compensation due to Employee hereunder and all sums required for social security and withholding taxes and for any other federal, state or local tax or charge which may be hereafter enacted or required by law as a charge on any cash or non-cash compensation of Employee.  
     
  5.      Business Expenses . The Company shall promptly reimburse Employee for all reasonable out-of-pocket entertainment and business expenses Employee incurs in fulfilling Employee s duties hereunder subject to, and in accordance with, the general reimbursement policy of the Consolidated Companies in effect from time to time.  
     
  6.      Termination of Employee s Employment .    
     
  6.1      Termination of Employment by the Company for Cause . Employee s employment may be terminated by the Consolidated Companies at any time for  Cause . A determination of whether Employee s actions justify termination for Cause shall be made by the Board. A termination of Employee s employment pursuant to this Section 6.1 shall be effective as of the effective date of the notice by the Board of Parent to Employee that it has made the required determination, or as of such subsequent date, if any, as is specified in such notice. For purposes of this Agreement,  Cause  shall include (a) Employee s material breach of this Agreement, which breach cannot be cured or, if capable of being cured, is not cured within fifteen (15) days after receipt of written notice of the need to cure, (b) any act of theft, embezzlement, conversion or other taking or misuse of the property or opportunities of the Consolidated Company, (c) any fraudulent or criminal activities, (d) any grossly negligent or unethical activity, (e) any activity that causes substantial harm to any Consolidated Companies, its reputation, or to its officers, directors or employees (including, without limitation, the illegal possession or consumption of drugs for which Employee does not have a valid prescription on property controlled by any Consolidated Company or in the course of performing services for any Consolidated Company), or (f) habitual neglect of or deliberate or intentional refusal to perform Employee s duties and obligations under this Agreement.  

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun

 3 of 12

6.2      Termination by the Company Without Cause . Employee s employment with each Consolidated Company is  at will  and may be terminated at any time by any of the Consolidated Companies with, or without, Cause or Good Reason. Any termination shall be effective as of the date specified in the notice of termination.   
     
  6.3      Termination By Employee for Good Reason . Employee may terminate his employment with any and all Consolidated Companies at any time for Good Reason (as defined below), provided Employee has delivered a written notice to the Board of Parent that briefly describes the facts underlying Employee s belief that Good Reason exists and the Company has failed to cure such situation within thirty (30) days of its receipt of such notice.  
     
  For purposes of this Agreement,  Good Reason  shall mean and consist of: (a) a material breach by the Company of any of its obligations, duties, agreements, representations or warranties under this Agreement that cannot be cured or, if capable of being cured, is not cured within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice from the Employee of the need to cure; (b) without Employee s prior written consent, the Consolidated Company requires the Employee to relocate Employee s place of employment to any place other than the Place of Employment as a condition to continued employment or maintenance of the same or a comparable position with the Consolidated Companies (provided that reasonable business travel shall not constitute a relocation of Employee s place of employment and required relocation shall constitute Good Reason only following the Consolidated Companies  notification of Employee of its requirement that Employee relocate and prior to Employee s agreement to relocate his place of employment), or (c) during the period ninety (90) days prior to and one year after a Change of Control, there is a material adverse change in Employee s title, position and/or duties within the Consolidated Companies as a whole.      
  6.4      Termination by Employee without Good Reason . Upon not less than fifteen (15) days prior written notice (which notice shall specify the effective date of the termination), Employee may terminate his employment with any and all Consolidated Companies by such notice without Good Reason or any reason of any kind.   
     
  6.5      Termination of Employment by Death . If Employee dies during the term of employment, Employee s employment with all Consolidated Companies shall be terminated effective as of the date of Employee s death.   

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun 

 4 of 12

6.6      Disability . The Company or Employee may terminate Employee s employment with all Consolidated Companies if Employee shall become unable to fulfill his duties under this Agreement, as measured by the Consolidated Companies  usual business activities, for the eligibility period set forth in the long-term disability policy under which Employee is potentially eligible to receive disability benefits (the  Eligibility Period ) by reason of any medically determinable physical and/or mental disability determined in accordance with the procedure in this Section 6.6. If in the opinion of the Company or Employee, Employee is disabled, then the following shall occur:  
     
  (a)     the Company or Employee shall promptly so notify (by dated written notice) the insurance company or carrier that, at that time, insures that employees of the Company against long-term disability (the  Company s Insurance Carrier ) and request a determination as to whether Employee is disabled pursuant to the terms of the Company s long-term disability plan or policy; and  
     
  (b)     the matter of Employee s disability shall be resolved, and Employee and the Company shall abide by the decision of, the Company s Insurance Carrier.   
     
  A termination of Employee s employment pursuant to this Section 6.6 shall be effective at the expiration of the Eligibility Period. If Employee is not covered by a Company-sponsored long-term disability policy on the date that the Company and/or Employee believe that Employee may have a medically determinable physical and/or mental disability, the Board of Parent shall make the determination of whether Employee has a medically determinable physical and/or mental disability using the definition of disability, including applicable court interpretations used for purposes of the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, and the  Eligibility Period  shall be 90 days from the date as of which it is determined that the Employee commenced having a medically determinable disability.   

7.     
 
   Effect of Termination of Employee s Employment .     
     
  7.1      Provisions Applicable to All Terminations . If Employee s employment with all Consolidated Companies is terminated for any reason, (a) all cash compensation from the Company described in this Agreement that was due through the effective date of the termination, but unpaid, shall be computed and paid to Employee by the Company within any payment deadline set forth in Indiana law (or if none is applicable within thirty (30) days), provided that any disability payments to be made by the Company s Insurance Carrier shall be made when, as and if made by the Company s Insurance Carrier; and (b) Employee, or his heirs, or estate, as the case may be, shall receive all compensation and employee benefits accrued through the effective date of the termination, and all benefits provided through the Company s insurance plans pursuant to the terms and conditions of such insurance plans or that the Company is required to provide by governing law.  
     
  7.2      Termination Absent a Change of Control and Absent Cause/ Good Reason . If Employee s employment with all of the Consolidated Companies is terminated under any circumstances other than the circumstances described in Section 7.3 or Section 7.4 below, whether by the Consolidated Companies or Employee, Employee shall not be entitled to any compensation in addition to that set forth in Section 7.1   

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun 

 5 of 12

7.3      Termination by Employee for Good Reason . If Employee s employment is terminated by Employee for Good Reason after the period commencing ninety (90) days following the Date of Hire (which 90-day period shall be referred to as the  Probation Period ) and during the Term (but not as of an Expiration Date), then in addition to complying with the requirements of Section7.1, the Company shall, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 7.8) and conditioned upon the Company s receipt of a written waiver, release and non-litigation agreement from Employee in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Consolidated Companies with respect to all liabilities of any Consolidated Company of any kind arising prior to and in connection with such termination (other than under Options and Section 7) (a  Release ), pay to or for the benefit of Employee or, if applicable, Employee s heirs or estate:  
     
  (a) With respect to the Severance Period (as defined in Section 7.5), Employee s base salary at a rate equal to Employee s salary rate as of the date of termination paid in accordance with the Company s customary pay schedule; and  
     
  (b) Reimbursement of actual Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( COBRA ) expenses related to any election to continue Company health benefits coverage then in effect under COBRA (with Company /Employee contributions remaining the same on a percentage basis as during the period immediately prior to termination) for a period of eighteen (18) months commencing on the first day of the Severance Period.   
     
  Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7.3 to the contrary: (A) no base salary continuation otherwise payable to the Employee under this Section 7.3 shall be paid unless and until the Employee incurs a Separation from Service from the Company during the Severance Period (with any amounts deferred as a result of this subsection 7.3(A) being payable promptly following such Separation from Service and as permitted by subsection 7.3(B)); and (B) any base salary amounts that are otherwise due or payable under this Section 7.3 during the six-month period following the Employee s Separation from Service shall instead be deferred and paid to the Employee within five (5) business days after, but in no instance prior to, the six-month anniversary of Employee s Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of Employee s death) if and to the extent that such amounts (1) do not constitute  separation pay due to involuntary separation from service  (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) as a result of the application of the separation from serve for good reasons provisions set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(n)(2)(ii)); and (2) are subject to Code Section 409A. All base salary continuation amounts owing to Employee with respect to portions of the Severance Period following the six-month anniversary of the Separation of Service shall be paid in accordance with the Company s customary pay schedule. The foregoing payment structure is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ) and shall be interpreted consistently with that intent. For purposes of clarity, if the employment of Employee is terminated during the Probation Period, Employee shall not be entitled to any payments under this Section 7.3.  
     
  7.4      Termination by Company without Cause . If Employee s employment is terminated by Parent or the Company without Cause at any time after the Probation Period and during the Term (but not as of an Expiration Date), then, in addition to complying with the requirements of Section 7.1, the Company shall, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Section 7.8) and conditioned upon the Company s receipt of a Release, continue to pay, when due in accordance with the Company s customary pay schedule, to or for the benefit of Employee or, if applicable, his heirs or estate, subject to (A) and (B) below:   
     
  (a) Employee s base salary at a rate equal to Employee s salary rate as of the date of termination during the Severance Period.   

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun 

 6 of 12

(b) Reimbursement of actual COBRA expenses related to any election to continue Company health benefits coverage then in effect under COBRA (with Company /Employee contributions remaining the same on a percentage basis as during the period immediately prior to termination) for a period of eighteen (18) months commencing on the first day of the Severance Period.   
     
  Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7.4 to the contrary: (A) no base salary continuation otherwise payable to the Employee under this Section 7.4 shall be paid unless and until Employee incurs a Separation from Service from the Company during the Severance Period (with any amounts deferred as a result of this subsection 7.4(A) being payable promptly following such Separation from Service and as permitted by subsection 7.4(B)) and (B); any base salary amounts that are otherwise due or payable under this Section 7.4 during the six-month period following the Employee s Separation from Service shall instead be deferred and paid to the Employee within five (5) business days after, but in no instance prior to, the six (6) month anniversary of Employee s Separation from Service (or, if earlier, the date of Employee s death) if and to the extent that such amounts (1) do not constitute  separation pay due to involuntary separation from service  (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)); and (2) are subject to Code Section 409A. All base salary continuation amounts owing to Employee with respect to portions of the Severance Period following the six (6) month anniversary of the Separation of Service shall be paid in accordance with the Company s customary pay schedule. The foregoing restrictions on the payment of continuing base salary are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall be interpreted consistently with that intent. For purposes of clarity, if the employment of Employee is terminated during the Probation Period, Employee shall not be entitled to any payments under this Section 7.4.  
     
  7.5      Severance Period . Subject to Section 7.7, the  Severance Period  shall be a period of two (2) months for each year of employment with the Company (prorated for any partial periods). The Severance Period shall commence when a  separation from service  occurs, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (a  Separation from Service ).   
     
  7.6      Return of Company Property . Upon the termination or end of the employment of Employee with the Consolidated Companies or at any time upon the request of Parent, Employee shall provide to the Consolidated Companies all property belonging to any Consolidated Company, including, but not limited to, keys, card passes, credit cards, electronic equipment including computers and personal digital devices, cellular telephones, Consolidated Company automobiles, and all data and any Consolidated Company intellectual property whether located on Consolidated Company property or otherwise.   

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun 

 7 of 12

7.7      Breach of Protective Covenants . Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7 to the contrary, Employee shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits under any of Sections 7.3 or 7.4 of this Agreement with respect to any period (a) prior to Employee s delivery to the Company of a Release if such Release is not executed within seven (7) days of Employee s receipt of a form of Release, (b) prior to Employee s delivery of the resignations required by Section 7.8, if applicable, (c) during which Employee is in breach of Section 7.6 or any portion of Section 8 of this Agreement, (d) during which Employee is in breach of any portion of the Proprietary Information Agreement (any of (a), (b), (c) or (d), a  Covenant Breach ). Upon the Company s determination that a Covenant Breach has occurred, it shall notify Employee of its belief that a Covenant Breach has occurred and may withhold, without penalty or interest, any payments or benefits otherwise due to Employee pursuant to any of Section 7.3 or 7.4 until the question of whether a Covenant Breach has occurred is definitely resolved without right to appeal or similar recourse (and if it is determined that the Company withheld the payments and benefits in error, the Company s sole obligation shall be prompt payment of all withheld payments and the cash value to the Company of any withheld benefits).  
     
  7.8      Resignation from Board of Directors . Within forty-eight (48) hours of the termination of Employee s employment with the Company and Parent, Employee shall submit to Parent a written resignation from the board of directors of all Consolidated Companies on which Employee is a director.    

8.     
 
   Covenant Not to Compete      
     
  8.1      Covenant . Employee hereby agrees that, while Employee is employed by any Consolidated Company and during a period of twelve (12) months following the termination of Employee s employment with all Consolidated Companies, Employee will not directly compete (as defined in Section 8.2 below) with any the Consolidated Company or any affiliates anywhere in the United States or China. It is the intention of Parent, the Company and Employee that this provision be interpreted to only prevent actual competitive harm to any Consolidated Company and not otherwise hinder or restrict Employee in his efforts to find continued employment in Employee s field of training and expertise.   
     
  8.2      Direct Competition . As used herein, the phrase  directly compete  shall include owning, managing, operating or controlling, or participating in the ownership, management, operation or control of, or being connected with or having any interest in, as a stockholder, director, officer, employee, agent, consultant, assistant, advisor, sole proprietor, partner or otherwise, any Competing Business (as defined below). For purposes of this Agreement, a  Competing Business  shall be any business or enterprise other than any Consolidated Company that is engaged in the Energy Storage Business (as defined below). This prohibition, however, shall not apply to ownership of less than five percent (5%) of the voting stock in companies whose stock is traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter market. For purposes of this Agreement, the  Energy Storage Business  means the development, marketing, sale or exploitation of (a) lithium titanate oxide, or (b) rechargeable batteries, rechargeable batteries systems or energy storage systems comprised of rechargeable batteries.    

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun 

 8 of 12

8.3      Nonsolicitation . Employee hereby agrees that, while he is employed by any Consolidated Company pursuant to this Agreement and during a period of 12 months following the termination of Employee s employment with all Consolidated Companies, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, through an affiliate or otherwise, for his account or the account of any other person, (a) solicit business substantially similar to the Energy Storage Business from any person or entity that at the time of termination is or was a customer of any Consolidated Company, whether or not Employee had personal contact with such person during and by reason of employment with a Consolidated Company; (ii) in any manner induce or attempt to induce any employee of a Consolidated Company to terminate his employment with a Consolidated Company; or (iii) materially and adversely interfere with the relationship between a Consolidated Company and any employee, contractor, supplier, customer or shareholder of a Consolidated Company.   
     
  8.4      Enforceability . If any of the provisions of this Section 8 is held unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless remain enforceable, and the court making such determination shall modify, among other things, the scope, duration, or geographic area of this Section to preserve the enforceability hereof to the maximum extent permitted by law. In addition, the enforceability of this Section is also subject to the injunctive and other equitable powers of a court as described in Section 11 below.   
     
  8.5      Jurisdiction . For the sole purpose of enforcement of the Consolidated Companies  rights under this Section 8, Parent, the Company and Employee intend to and hereby confer jurisdiction to enforce the restrictions set forth in this Section 8 (the  Restrictions ) upon the courts of any jurisdiction within the geographical scope of the Restrictions. If the courts of any one or more of such jurisdictions hold the Restrictions unenforceable by reason of the breadth of such scope or otherwise, it is the intention of Parent, the Company and Employee that such determination not bar or in any way affect any Consolidated Company s rights to the relief provided above in the courts of any other jurisdiction within the geographical scope of the Restrictions, as to breaches of such covenants in such other respective jurisdictions, such covenants as they relate to each jurisdiction being, for this purpose, severable into diverse and independent covenants. In the event of any litigation between the parties under this Section 8, the court shall award reasonable attorneys fees to the prevailing party.   
     
  9.      Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, Etc . Employee represents and covenants that Employee has signed and delivered to Parent (or will sign and deliver upon request) an Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment, Nonsolicitation and Arbitration Agreement is a condition precedent to Employee s eligibility for any rights and benefits under this Agreement (the  Proprietary Information Agreement ). The Proprietary Information Agreement and this Agreement shall be interpreted, to the extent possible, as being mutually consistent with each other, supplementary and both fully enforceable; provided, however, in the event of an irreconcilable conflict between specific provisions of each of the two agreements, the specific provisions of this Agreement shall prevail.    
     
  10.      No Conflicts . Employee hereby represents and covenants that Employee s performance of all the terms of this Agreement and his work as an employee of a Consolidated Company does not and will not breach any oral or written agreement to which Employee is a party or by which Employee is bound.   

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun 

 9 of 12

11.      Equitable Remedies . Employee acknowledges and agrees that the breach or threatened breach by him of certain provisions of this Agreement, including without limitation Sections 8 above, would cause irreparable harm to the Consolidated Company for which damages at law would be an inadequate remedy. Accordingly, Employee hereby agrees that in any such instance Parent or the Company shall be entitled to seek (without prior mediation or arbitration) injunctive or other equitable relief in any other state or federal court within or without the State of in addition to any other remedy to which it may be entitled. Employee hereby submits to the jurisdiction of any courts within the City of Reno in the State of and agrees not to assert such venue is inconvenient.   
     
  12.      Assignment . This Agreement is for the unique personal services of Employee and is not assignable or delegable in whole or in part by Employee without the consent of the Board of Parent. This Agreement may not be assigned or delegated in whole or in part by the Parent or the Company without the written consent of Employee; provided, however, this Agreement may be assigned by the Parent or the Company without Employee s prior written consent if such assignment is made to an entity that is a Consolidated Company or is acquiring substantially all of the business or assets of any Consolidated Company, whether by merger, asset sale or otherwise.   
     
  13.      Waiver or Modification . Any waiver, modification, or amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective only if in writing in a document that specifically refers to this Agreement and such document is signed by the parties hereto.   
     
  14.      Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Proprietary Information Agreement and other agreements required under or included in the Consolidated Companies' policies constitute the full and complete understanding and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter covered herein and supersedes and terminates all prior oral or written understandings and agreements with respect thereto.   
     
  15.      Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect.   
     
  16.      Attorney s Fees . Should any Company, Parent or Employee default in any of the covenants contained in this Agreement, or in the event a dispute shall arise as to the meaning of any term of this Agreement, the defaulting or nonprevailing party shall pay all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys  fees, that may arise or accrue from enforcing this Agreement, securing an interpretation of any provision of this Agreement, or in pursuing any remedy provided by applicable law whether such remedy is pursued or interpretation is sought by the filing of a lawsuit ,an appeal, or otherwise.   
     
  17.      Confidentiality . Each of the parties acknowledges that the common shares of Parent are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as a result, Parent may be required to, and hereby has authorization to, file this Agreement or any amendment hereto with the Securities and Exchange Commission without requesting confidential treatment for any portion hereof.   

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun 

 10 of 12

18.      Notices . Any notice required hereunder to be given by either party shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, or by private courier, with written verification of delivery, or by facsimile or other electronic transmission to the other party to the address or facsimile number set forth below or to such other address or facsimile number as either party may designate from time to time according to this provision. A notice delivered personally or by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective upon receipt. A notice delivered by mail or private courier shall be effective on the third day after the day of mailing:   

19.      Disputes; Governing Law; Arbitration .   
     
  19.1          Except as provided in Section 11 and Section 8.5, any dispute concerning the interpretation or construction of this Agreement or his employment or service with Company, shall be resolved by confidential mediation or binding arbitration in Reno, . The parties shall first attempt mediation with a neutral mediator agreed upon by the parties. If mediation is unsuccessful or if the parties are unable to agree upon a mediator within thirty (30) days of a request for mediation by any party, the dispute shall be submitted to arbitration pursuant to the procedures of the American Arbitration Association ( AAA ) or other procedures agreed to by the parties. All arbitration proceedings shall be conducted by a neutral arbitrator mutually agreed upon by the parties from a list provided by AAA. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on all parties. The costs of mediation and arbitration shall be borne equally by the parties.  
     
  19.2     This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the statutes and common law of the State of Nevada (other than provisions that would cause the provisions of any other laws to apply). To the extent this Agreement expressly permits any dispute to be resolved other than through arbitration or mediation, except as set forth in Section 8.5, the exclusive venue for any such action shall be the state federal courts located in Reno, , and the parties each hereby submit to the jurisdiction of such courts for purposes this Agreement.   
     
  20.      Counterparts; Facsimile . This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, all of which taken together shall form a single Agreement. A facsimile copy of this Agreement or any counterpart thereto shall be valid as an original.  

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun 

 11 of 12

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Employee has signed this Employment Agreement (Level 13 Officer) personally and the Company and Parent have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.  

COMPANY:   
  ALTAIRNANO, INC.  
  a corporation  
     
  By: By:  /s/ Karen Werner ____________  
     
  Name:  Karen Werner   
     
  Title:    Interim Chief Financial Officer            

PARENT :  
  ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC.  
  a Delaware corporation  
     
  By: By:  /s/ Karen   Werner ____________  
     
  Name  Karen Werner   
     
  Title:    Interim Chief Financial Officer              
     
   EMPLOYEE :  

_________________________________  
  Guohua Sun, an individual     

Employment Agreement   Guohua Sun  
 12 of 12 

</EX-10.66>

<EX-10.68>
 36
 ex10-68.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.68
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.68   

No.: 2016 JYD ZI No. 16100025  

Loan Contract for Working   Capital   in RMB   
     
   (Edition 2.0, Year 2014)   

CHINA CITIC   BANK   

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank,   
  1301050603014 (sealed)  
  Seal Checked, Cheng Feng (sealed)               Seal Checked, Wang Yan (sealed)     

Loan Contract for Working Capital in RMB   
     
   Borrower:  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd.  (  Hereinafter   referred to as Party A)   
     
  Domicile: No. 1, Qinghai Avenue, Zhengding County, Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province  
     
  Postal Code: 050000  
     
  Contact Person:  
     
  Contact Tel.:  
     
  Fax:  
     
  E-mail:  
     
  Legal Representative: Sun Guohua  
     
  Deposit Bank and Account No.: China CITIC Bank Zhengding Subbranch, 8111801012900074251  

Lender:  China CITIC Bank Shijiazhuang Branch  (Hereinafter referred to as Party B)   
     
  Domicile: No. 10, Ziqiang Road, Qiaoxi District, Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province  
     
  Postal Code: 050000  
     
  Contact Person:  
     
  Contact Tel.: 0311-87884438  
     
  Fax: 0311-87884436  
     
  E-mail:  
     
  Legal Representative/Person-in-Charge: Xi Guoguang  

Place of Signing of Contract:   Shijiazhuang City   
     
   Date of Signing of Contract:   Mar. 15, 2016   

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

2

In accordance with the  Contract Law of the Peoples      Republic of China ,  Interim   Measures for the Administration   of Working Capital Loan , and the pertinent laws, regulations and rules, the Contract is made and entered into between Party A and Party B based on equality and mutual consensus.  

Article I.   Type   of Loan   
     
  1.1 Party B agrees to provide Party A with working capital loan according to the provisions stated in the Contract.  

Article II.   Amount   and Term of Loan (Principal,   similarly   hereinafter)   
     
  2.1 Amount of loan hereunder in RMB is:  
     
  (In capital): RMB one hundred and ten million only  
     
  (In number): RMB 110,000,000.00  
     
  2.2 Term of loan hereunder shall be from Mar. 15, 2016 to Mar. 15, 2017.  
     
  2.3 Actual term of loan, date of actual withdrawal, amount of loan and loan interest rate shall be subject to the term, date, amount and interest rate specified in the loan certificate (receipt for loan) hereunder; loan certificate (receipt for loan) shall be part of the Contract and shall have equal legal force with the Contract.  

Article III. Intended Use of Loan   
     
  3.1 Loan hereunder shall be used to:  
     
   P  urchase raw materials required for production .  
     
  Party A shall not change the intended use of the loan without written consent of Party B. Party A shall not use the aforesaid loan for investment in fixed assets, stock rights or others, shall not use the aforesaid loan for production or operation of prohibited fields or purposes, and shall not misappropriate the loan arbitrarily; otherwise, Party A shall assume any arising losses to Party B.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

3

If Party A uses the loan by changing intended use of the loan or violating the General Provisions for Loan or other provisions stipulated by laws and regulations without written consent of Party B, Party B shall not bear any liability for any consequences incurred.  

Article IV.   Loan   Interest Rate and Interest Settlement   
     
  4.1 Loan Interest Rate  
     
  4.1.1 Loan interest rate hereunder shall be annual interest rate; if interval between the date of actual single withdrawal hereunder and the date of signing of the Contract is within (including) six months, the loan interest rate shall be determined according to the method  (1)  below:  
     
  (1) With    rise  (rise/ drop  ) of  92  ( %   or BPs) based on the pricing base rate on the date of actual withdrawal of the loan.    
     
  (2) With    /    (rise/drop) of  /  (% or BPs) based on the pricing base rate on the date of signing of the Contract; to wit, the loan interest rate of the Contract shall be  /  %.  
     
  In the event that the interval between the date of actual single withdrawal hereunder and the date of signing of the Contract exceeds six months, Party B shall have the right to adjust the interest rate of the loan according to the relevant interest rate policies of Party B then with adjustment method of specific loan interest rate redefined by both parties through consultation. The interest rate of the loan shall be subject to that specified in the loan certificate (receipt for loan).  
     
  4.1.2 The method  (1)  below shall be adopted to determine the adjustment method of interest rate of the loan.  
     
  (1) Fixed interest rate: interest rate shall remain unchanged within the term of loan.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

4

(2) Floating interest rate: interest rate shall be adjusted according to the following method     /     ; the loan interest rate after adjustment shall be the interest rate determined by floating based on the applicable pricing base rate on the adjustment date of interest rate according to the method stated in the Paragraph 4.1.1 of the Contract.  
     
    From the date of actual withdrawal, the interest rate shall be adjusted once on (in capital)     /     (monthly/quarterly/annual) basis; adjustment date of interest rate shall be the corresponding date of the date of actual withdrawal in the current adjustment month; if there is no corresponding date of the date of actual withdrawal in the current adjustment month, the last day of the current adjustment month shall be the adjustment date of interest rate.  
     
    From the date of actual withdrawal, the first adjustment date of interest rate shall be determined to be    /    and shall be adjusted once on (in capital)    /    (monthly/quarterly/annual) basis after the adjustment date of interest rate; adjustment date of interest rate shall be the corresponding date of the first adjustment of interest rate in the current adjustment month; if there is no corresponding date of the first adjustment of interest rate in the current adjustment month, the last day of the current adjustment month shall be the adjustment date of interest rate.  
     
    From the date of actual withdrawal, the adjustment date of the pricing base rate shall be adjustment date of interest rate of the loan.  
     
  4.1.3 Applicable pricing base rate of the loan on the date of signing of the Contract, date of actual withdrawal and adjustment date of interest rate shall be determined in accordance with the method    (2)    below:  
     
  (1) Benchmark interest rate of RMB loan of financial institutions for the same period and same grade published by the People s Bank of China on that day.  
     
  (2) Average interest rate of the quoted base rates of one-year loan published by the National Interbank Funding Center on the previous workday.  
     
  (3) Quoted base rate of one-year loan published by China CITIC Bank on the previous workday.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

5

4.1.4 Where the benchmark interest rate of RMB loan of financial institutions for the same period and same grade published by the People s Bank of China is adopted as pricing base rate, if the People s Bank of China cancels (or no longer renews) the benchmark interest rate of RMB loan of financial institutions for the corresponding grade during the period of exercising the floating interest rate, the loan interest rate hereunder will adopt the average interest rate of the quoted base rates of one-year loan published by the National Interbank Funding Center at that time to be the pricing base rate, and adjustment method of loan interest rate hereunder shall be redefined by both parties through consultation, or shall be implemented according to the uniform opinions of competent authorities such as the Peoples  Bank at that time; if the National Interbank Funding Center cancels (or no longer renews) the average interest rate of the quoted base rates of the loan at that time, the base interest rate of one-year RMB loan published by Party B then shall be the pricing base rate, and the adjustment method of loan interest rate hereunder shall be redefined by both parties through consultation, or shall be implemented according to the uniform opinions of competent authorities such as the Peoples  Bank at that time.  
     
  Determination method and adjustment method of the loan interest rate redefined by both parties through consultation shall ensure that applicable interest rate of the loan hereunder on the first adjustment date of interest rate after the People s Bank cancels (or no longer renews) the benchmark interest rate of RMB loan of financial institutions for the corresponding grade is no lower than the loan interest rate below:  
     
  The loan interest rate determined based on the pricing base rate which equals to the effective benchmark interest rate of RMB loan of financial institutions for the corresponding grade after the latest adjustment by the People s Bank prior to the date when the People s Bank cancels (or no longer renews) the benchmark interest rate of RMB loan of financial institutions for the corresponding grade according to the Paragraph 4.1.1 and Paragraph 4.1.2 of the Contract.  
     
  Party B hereby reserves the right of announcing the acceleration of maturity of the loan hereunder in the event that no agreement on determination method and adjustment method of interest rate of the loan hereunder is reached through consultation.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

6

4.2 Interest Settlement  
     
  4.2.1 Interest of the loan hereunder shall be accrued from the date of actual withdrawal; calculation formula of interests of the loan hereunder payable by Party A is: Interests Payable by Party A= Actual Loan Balance * Actual Days of Interest Period * Annual Interest Rate/ 360 Days.  
     
  4.2.2 With regard to the loan of which the principal and interests are not repaid in a lump sum, the first settlement date shall be  Apr. 20, 2016  and the settlement method shall be the method  (1)  below:  
     
  (1) In the event of monthly settlement, settlement date shall be the 20 th  day of every month;  
     
  (2) In the event of quarterly settlement, settlement date shall be the 20 th  day of the last month of every quarter;  
     
  (3) Other time specified by both parties:    /                 .  
     
  4.2.3 Party A shall deposit money of corresponding amount in the account (account No.:    8111801012900074251 ) opened by Party B prior to closing of business of that day on every settlement date, and shall authorize Party B to deduct interest from the account on the settlement date; if Party A selects other methods to pay Party B interests, Party A shall ensure that the interests can be transferred to the account on schedule. In the event that the settlement date is non-working days of bank, the interests shall be transferred on the previous workday of bank in advance; if Party B fails to receive the corresponding interest in full on the settlement date, it shall be deemed that Party A fails to pay interests on schedule.  
     
  4.3 When the loan matures, the interests shall be repaid together with the principal. If the maturity date of the loan is statutory holidays or legal holidays, and the loan is repaid on the last workday of bank prior to the statutory holidays or legal holidays, the interest shall be accrued based on the interest rate stated in the Contract, but the interest calculated based on the interest rate stated in the Contract for the period between the maturity date and the repayment date shall be deducted; while if the loan is repaid on the first workday of bank after the statutory holidays or legal holidays, the interest calculated based on the interest rate stated in the Contract for the period between the maturity date and the repayment date shall be added; in the event of failure to repay the loan on the first workday of bank after the statutory holidays or legal holidays, the interests of overdue loan shall be accrued from the day.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

7

Article V. Issuing and Payment of Loan   
     
  5.1 Prerequisite for First Withdrawal  
     
  Party A shall completely meet the following conditions at the time of first withdrawal:  
     
   Implementing the land mortgage guarantee of collateral enterprises Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd. and Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.; implementing the surety bond of guarantor enterprise Zhuhai Guangtong Automobile Co., Ltd.; implementing personal joint liability guarantee of legal person Sun Guohua of loan enterprise, and letter of   commitment   with proportion of settlement no   lower   than the proportion of credit extension issued by Borrower at our bank at the same time.   
     
  5.2 Prerequisite for Each Withdrawal  
     
  With regard to each withdrawal (including first withdrawal) hereunder, Party A shall meet the following conditions:  
     
  (1) Party A doesn t violate any provisions or agreements stated in the Contract and guarantee files and other pertinent files.  
     
  (2) Guarantee files shall be continuously effective and guarantee doesn t have or will not have any adverse changes which are deemed by Party B to be possibly adverse to realization of its creditor s rights.  
     
  (3) Financial situation of Party A doesn t have any adverse changes which may harm, postpone or prevent its performance of obligations and responsibilities under the Contract and guarantee files.  
     
  (4) Party A has signed or has provided Party B with specified files or files reasonably required by Party B.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

8

(5) Party A has opened relevant accounts according to the provisions stated in the Contract or requirements of Party B.  
     
  (6)                                                        /                                                       .  
     
  (7) Other conditions required by Party B.  
     
  5.3 Withdrawal Plan  
     
  5.3.1 Party A shall carry out withdrawal according to the plan stated in the following Item  (1)  and the date of planned withdrawal shall be workday of bank.  
     
  (1) Withdrawal Schedule  

(2)                                                        /                                                          .  
     
  5.3.2 Party B shall have the right to review the credit amount every (in capital)  four  months (no more than 12 months) from the date of signing of the Contract so as to decide whether to continue to provide Party A with or to adjust the unused line of credit.  
     
  5.4 If Party A or the guarantor fails to perform the whole obligations stated by law or by the Contract, including but not limited to failure of Party A to provide complete loan materials within the specified time limit according to requirements of Party B, failure of guarantor to complete guarantee registration procedures on schedule and other situations, Party A agrees that Party B shall have the right to change the aforesaid withdrawal plan; in the event of any change in term of loan incurred by change of withdrawal plan, the case shall be dealt with in compliance with the provision stated in the Paragraph 2.3 of the Contract.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

9

5.5 Party A shall carry out withdrawal according to the withdrawal specified in the Contract; Party A shall not change the withdrawal plan without written consent of Party B. in the event of any need to change the date of planned withdrawal and/or amount of withdrawal, Party A shall file written application to Party BG within  seven  workdays of bank prior to the date of planned withdrawal specified in the Contract. Party B agrees to give Party A  seven  workdays of bank as period of grace for withdrawal; Party B shall have the right to cancel the loan which is not withdrawn by Party A prior to expiry of the period of grace, will not allow Party A to withdraw this loan and shall have the right to require Party A to bear the liability for default stipulated by the Paragraph 13.2 of the Contract.  
     
  5.6 In the event of any change in actual loan principal issued by Party B on account of occurrence of situations stipulated by the Paragraph 5.5, the loan principal hereunder shall be calculated according to the actual loan certificate (receipt for loan) hereunder.  
     
  5.7 Issuing and Payment of Loan  
     
  5.7.1 Withdrawal Application  
     
  Party A shall file withdrawal application to Party B and submit loan certificate (receipt for loan) and all withdrawal files stated by the Contract and required by Party B no less than  one  workday of bank prior to each date of withdrawal. Party A shall reserve seal for withdrawal to be used by its authorized working personnel (refer to Appendix I for format; or separately providing Party B with signature card for special safekeeping; if Party A reserves many seals, use of any one seal shall be deemed to be declaration of intention of Party A); when working personnel of Party A files the business application, the working personnel shall provide seal which is in conformity with the reserved seal. Party B shall be only held responsible for checking the seal provided by working personnel of Party A by comparing with the reserved seal and can accept business application of Party A after the seal is checked to be correct. With regard to change of the aforesaid reserved seal, Party A shall inform Party B in writing with stamp of official seal or special seal for contract on the current day of change. Party A shall assume the relevant liability for damage to Party B incurred by failure of Party A to inform Party B.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

10

Withdrawal application filed by Party A shall be irrevocable; after obtaining approval of Party B, Party A shall be obliged to carry out withdrawal according to the aforesaid withdrawal application.  
     
  Loan fund shall be transferred to the settlement account (account No.:  8111801012900074251 ) opened by Party A at office of Party B, or shall be paid through entrusted payment to counterparty of Party A according to the specified provision.  
     
  5.7.2 Mode of Payment of Loan  
     
  Payment of loan shall be divided into two modes, to-wit independent payment and entrusted payment; Party A and Party B agree to perform payment according to the mode  (1)  below:  
     
  (1) The whole loan fund shall adopt entrusted payment  
     
  (2) In the event of any one of the following situations, the entrusted payment shall be adopted:  
     
    With regard to payment of loan capital with the single amount exceeding (including)                , entrusted payment of lender shall be adopted;  
     
                                                       /                                                                       
     
                                                       /                                                                     
     
                                                       /                                                                     
     
                                                       /                                                                      
     
                                                      /                                                                       
     
  If Party B adopts the entrusted payment, Party B shall have the right to examine and review the payment object, payment amount and other information stated in the payment application submitted by Party A whether these information are in conformity with the commercial contract and other evidentiary materials prior to issuing and payment of loan fund. After review and approval of Party B, Party B shall transfer the loan fund to the account of counterparty of Party A listed by Party A in the letter of attorney for payment through the settlement account (account No.:  8111801012900074251 ) opened by Party A at office of Party B according to the letter of attorney for payment submitted by Party A (refer to Appendix II for format).  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

11

Formal examination of Party B in the aforesaid commercial contract and files shall neither mean that Party B has confirmed the authenticity and legality of the connected transactions, nor mean that Party B will intervene in disputes between Party A and its counterparty or a third party or that Party B needs to bear the responsibilities or obligations of Party A.  
     
  In the event that the loan fails to be timely and successfully paid to the specified bank account of counterparty on account that the deposit bank of counterparty of Party A returns the loan fund or Party A provides wrong information or other reasons, Party B shall not bear any liability with arising risks, liability and losses to Party A and Party B borne by Party A. with regard to the money returned by the deposit bank of counterparty of Party A, Party A shall not use this money without approval and consent of Party B.  
     
  5.7.3 Payment Management  
     
  (1) After issuing of the loan, Party B shall have the right to carry out regular or irregular review and examination of whether Party A s using conditions of the loan fund is in conformity with the provision specified in the Contract, and Party A shall be obliged to be fully cooperative and shall provide usage records and materials of the loan fund timely according to requirements of Party B, including but not limited to commercial contracts related to payment of the loan fund and other transaction documents and materials certifying usage of the loan fund. If Party B finds that the purpose of the loan fund is inconsistent with that stated in the Contract through examination, Party B shall have the right to ask Party A to correct within specified time limit; if Party A refuses to correct, Party B shall have the right to deal with the case in accordance with the provision stipulated in the Paragraph 13.4 and Paragraph 13.6 of the Contract depending on the circumstances.  
     
  (2) In the event that Party A adopts independent payment, Party A shall provide Party B with business contracts related to payment of the loan fund and other transaction materials certifying purposes of the loan fund of the previous quarter and make summary report of the payment situation of the loan fund prior to the 10th day of the next month after closing of every quarter; Party B shall have the right to examine and check whether the loan payment is in conformity with the specified intended use and whether the payment matches the project progress through account analysis, proof inspection, filed investigation and other methods.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

12

(3) In the event that Party A has any one of the following situations during the issuing and payment of the loan hereunder, Party B shall have the right to negotiate with Party A in supplementing and changing issuing and payment conditions of loan, or in stopping issuing and payment of the loan fund on its own depending on circumstances:  
     
   where credit status of Party A drops or Party A s profitability of main business is not strong;  
     
   where Party A fails to use the loan fund according to the Contract;  
     
   where Party A violates the Contract and evades entrusted payment of Party B by breaking up the whole into parts.  
     
   5.8 Other Agreements   
     
  /  
     
  /  
     
  /  
     
   Article VI. Repayment   
     
  6.1 Loan hereunder shall be repaid according to the method  (1)  below:  
     
  (1)Repaying interest on regular basis and repaying principal when the term of loan expires;  
     
  (2) Repaying the principal and interest in a lump sum;  
     
  (3) Other methods:                                      /    

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

13

6.2 Party A shall repay the principal according to the plan stated in the Item  (1)  below:  
     
  (1) Repayment Schedule:  

(2)                                      /                                         
     
  6.3 Party B shall remit the money which is no less than the amount of principal and interest payable into the account (account No.:  8111801012900074251 ) opened by Party A at the office of Party B prior to the closing of business of that day on the repayment date; the account shall be repayment account of Party A and Party A hereby authorizes Party B to automatically deduct the loan principal and interest from the account.  
     
  6.4 If the money repaid or paid by Party A is insufficient to repay or pay the sum of money to be repaid or payable for the current period, the money repaid shall be dealt with according to the following sequences:  
     
  (1) Paying various accrued charges, liquidated damages, indemnity and other charges incurred according to the Contract and relevant laws and regulations;  
     
  (2) Paying default interest payable and compound interest payable;  
     
  (3) Paying interest payable;  
     
  (4) Paying principal payable.  
     
  In the event that the money repaid or paid by Party A is insufficient to repay or pay the whole payment listed in the same order, the payment shall be paid off in sequence.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

14

6.5 Voluntary Prepayment  
     
  6.5.1 If Party A repays the whole or part of the loan in advance, all the following conditions shall be met:  
     
  (1) Party A pays the whole due payables to Party B prior to date of prepayment;  
     
  (2) Party A shall file written prepayment application to Party B at least twenty workdays of bank prior to its date of planned prepayment and shall obtain written consent of Party B;  
     
  (3) Except for the case the whole loan hereunder is repaid in advance, the amount of prepayment shall be integral multiple of RMB  500,000..00  and amount of prepayment of any time shall be no less than RMB  500,000.00 .  
     
  (4) Party B shall collect liquidated damages from Party A in a lump sum based on rate of  20 % from the date of prepayment of Party A; calculation formula of liquidated damages: Liquidated Damages=Amount of Prepayment* Remaining Term of Loan (on yearly basis) * Applicable Loan Interest Rate on the Date of Prepayment Specified in the Contract * Rate  
     
  (5) Party A shall pay Party B interests related to amount of prepayment and other accrued charges (including liquidated damages) at the same time of performing prepayment.  
     
  6.5.2 Unless agreed by Party B in writing, frequency of Party A s prepayment within the term of loan shall be no more than    four    times. Principal of loan which is repaid in advance shall be repaid in inverted order; to-wit loan principal shall be repaid in reverse order according to the repayment plan stated in the Contract.  
     
  6.5.3 Prepayment application shall be irrevocable; after Party A obtains written consent of Party B to perform prepayment, Party A shall prepay the loan hereunder according to the amount and date specified in the prepayment plan. If Party A obtains written consent of Party B to perform prepayment, but Party A doesn t prepay the loan according to the amount and date specified in the application, Party B shall have the right to consider this loan to be overdue loan.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

15

6.5.4 If Party A obtains written consent of Party B to perform prepayment, interests of the loan prepaid shall be calculated according to the days of actual use of this loan prepaid.  

Article VII. Loan Restructuring   
     
  7.1 In the event that Party A fails to repay the due loan on schedule, Party A shall at least file loan restructuring application in writing to Party B one month prior to maturity date of the current loan; if Party B agrees with application of Party A, both parties shall sign the loan restructuring agreement. While if Party B doesn t agree with the application of Party A, Party A shall still repay the due loan according to the date specified in the Contract; otherwise, Party B shall have the right to deal with this loan as overdue loan.  

Article VIII. Loan Guarantee   
     
  8.1 Loan hereunder adopts the following mode of guarantee:  
     
   Mortgage   guarantee  , surety bond                                                                               
     
  With regard to the aforesaid guarantees, Party B and guarantor shall sign the following guarantee contract for the specific guarantee matters of the Contract:  

If the aforesaid mode of guarantee changes or if it is still unable to handle the specific guarantee registration procedures at the time of signing of the Contract within the term of loan, Party A hereby irrevocably promises and agrees that: Party A guarantees to change mode of guarantee according to agreements between both parties then and to supervise and urge guarantor after change to sign the relevant guarantee files and/or to supervise and urge guarantor to handle relevant guarantee registration procedures within three days after the guarantor meets the conditions for handling the guarantee registration procedures; otherwise, Party A shall be deemed to have violated the Contract and Party B shall have the right to investigate liability for default of Party A and take relevant relief measures according to the Contract.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

16

Article IX.   Declarations   and Warranties of Party A    
     
  9.1 Party A is Chinese legal person or other organization set up according to laws of the People s Republic of China, has capacity for civil rights and capacity for civil conduct required for signing and performing the Contract, can independently bear the civil liability, and has obtained all the necessary and lawful internal and external approval and authorization of signing the Contract.  
     
  9.2 All the files and representations relating to the loan provided by Party A according to laws and requirements of Party B shall be effective, lawful, authentic, accurate and complete.  
     
  9.3 Party A s signing and performance of the Contract shall not break any laws, regulations or other files binding upon the Contract, shall not violate any provision stated in the articles of association of Party A and shall not violate any contracts, agreements and other files signed with a third party. Representative of Party A who signs and seals the Contract and relevant files has obtained necessary authorization stipulated by the internal department of Party A and shall have the right to sign the aforesaid contracts and files.  
     
  9.4 Except for the guarantee specified in the Contract or agreed by party B in writing, Party A and its guarantors don t establish any other guarantees on secured assets hereunder provided by Party A and the assets don t have any form of third party rights harming interests of Party B, and are not involved in any closedown, seizure, freezing, preservation and other situations or possibilities.  
     
  9.5 Except for the violation situations, lawsuits, arbitrations and administrative penalty procedures which have been disclosed to Party B and have won recognition of Party B, Party A neither have any other violations or potential violations, nor have any other in-progress or contingent lawsuits, arbitrations or administrative penalty procedures.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

17

Article X.   Commitments   of Party A   
     
  10.1 Party A shall provide Party B with statements and other files which can truly reflect its state of operation and financial conditions on regular basis or at any time according to requirements of Party B; Party A promises that the aforesaid materials provided are effective, authentic and complete.  
     
  10.2 Within the term of loan, if Party A has any change in operation decisions, including but not limited to share transfer, reorganization, wholesale funding, assets sale, merger, amalgamation, separation, shareholding reform, joint stock, cooperation, joint operation, contracting lease, external investment, substantial increase of debt financing, change in business scope and registered capital, change in articles of association and other situations which may affect rights and interests of Party B, Party A shall inform Party B in writing at least thirty days in advance and obtain prior written consent of Party B, and shall implement the liability for satisfaction of loan or prepay the loan or provide guarantee recognized by Party B.  
     
  10.3 Party A shall actively assist Party B in management of its state of operation and loan payment, after-loan management, including investigation and supervision of enterprise basis information, loan usage situation, operation management matters, financial and operation conditions, account settlement and connected transaction situations and others; all various charges incurred to Party B by obstruction of Party A shall be borne by Party A.  
     
  10.4 Without prior written consent of Party B, Party A shall not transfer or transfer in disguised form debts hereunder in any form.  
     
  10.5 If Party A transfers, leases the whole or part of its assets or operating income or disposes by establishing guarantee for debts except for debts hereunder and through other forms, Party A shall inform Party B in writing at least thirty days in advance and shall obtain prior written consent of Party B.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

18

10.6 In the event of following situations, Party A shall inform Party B in writing and provide relevant materials within three days from the date of occurrence or date of possible occurrence:  
     
  (1) where force majeure events or default events relating to the loan occur;  
     
  (2) where Party A and controlling shareholders of Party A are involved in lawsuits, arbitrations, criminal investigations, administrative penalty, termination of business, closing of business, restructuring, dissolution, petition for bankruptcy, acceptance of petition for bankruptcy, being declared bankrupt, revocation of business license, being cancelled, deterioration of financial conditions and other situations;  
     
  (3) where members of the board of directors and senior executives of Party A are involved in serious cases or economic disputes or given administrative penalty by relevant departments;  
     
  (4) where Party A causes liability accidents which have or may have adverse effects on its performance of its obligations hereunder on account of violating laws and regulations concerning food safety, safety production, environmental protection and others, regulatory provisions or industrial standards.  
     
  (5) where any other events having adverse effects on performing debts hereunder occur.  
     
  10.7 If guarantor is involved in situations including but not limited to termination of business, closing of business, petition for bankruptcy, acceptance of petition for bankruptcy, being declared bankrupt, revocation of business license, being cancelled and operating loss, leading to the result that guarantor loses part or whole of the corresponding guarantee ability of the loan, or value of collateral. pledge, right to pledge which are guarantee for the loan hereunder decreases, Party A shall provide new guarantee recognized by Party B.  
     
  10.8 Within the term of loan, Party A shall inform Party B of change in name of legal person, legal representative, person-in-charge, domicile, telephone number, fax and other information if any in writing within three days after change.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

19

10.9 Party A shall timely report the situations of occurred or impending connected transactions which account for more than 10% (including 10%) of the net assets of Party A in writing, including but not limited to incidence relation of all parties involved of transactions, transaction items, nature and amount of transaction, or corresponding proportion, pricing policies (including transactions having no amount or only having symbolic amount).  
     
  10.10 Production, operation and its relevant acts of Party A shall be consistent with relevant provisions including but not limited to industrial policies, fiscal and taxation policies, and provisions on market access, environmental protection evaluation, energy saving and emission reduction, energy consumption and pollution control, resource utilization, land and urban planning and labor safety.   

Article XI. Rights and Obligations of Both   Parties   
     
  11.1 Party A shall have the right to withdraw and use the loan according to the term and intended use stated in the Contract.  
     
  11.2 Party A shall pay off the loan principal and interests and charges according to the Contract.  
     
  11.3  Party A agrees that Party B can provide its credit information to   financial   credit information foundation   database   and/or credit information service approved by the People     s Bank of China, authorizes and agrees Party B to inquire, download, copy, print and use its credit   information   through   financial   credit information foundation   database   and/or credit information service approved by the People     s Bank of China or   websites   of relevant units and departments for the   proposes   of the Contract and for other lawful   purposes   related to   the   Contract; if Party A fails to repay the loan principal and interest according to the Contract, the arising bad credit   consequences   shall be borne by Party A on its own.   

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

20

11.4 Party A agrees that within the duration of the loan, Party B shall have the right to transfer the creditor s rights and corresponding guarantee rights to a third party without obtaining separate consent of Party A. When Party A provides guarantee on its own, Party A agrees to continue to bear the relevant liability to guarantee to assignee of creditor s rights after transfer of creditor s rights. Party A irrevocably authorizes Party B to be agent of Party A to sign new contract with the third party.  
     
   11.5  Party A agrees that within the duration of the loan, Party B shall have the right to entrust the creditor s rights and corresponding guarantee rights hereunder as sponsoring organization of credit assets securitization to trustee organization so as to establish special-purpose trust and the trustee organization shall issue assets and support securities. When Party A provides guarantee on its own, Party A agrees to continue to bear the relevant liability to guarantee to the aforesaid trustee organization. Party A agrees it shall be deemed that Party B has informed Party A if Party B releases the transfer of creditor s rights and corresponding guarantee rights through special-purpose trust by announcement (any one form including newspaper or website and others).  
     
   11.6  Where Party A provides guarantee on its own, Party A understands and agrees that Party A shall be obliged to cooperate unconditionally and bear relevant charges according to provisions if Party B transfers or entrusts the creditor s rights hereunder to a third party, leading to needs to handle guarantee transfer procedures. If guarantee transfer is not registered, Party A promises to abandon its arising right of defense. In the event that Party A fails to be cooperative in handling transfer registration procedures according to the laws, regulations, provisions of the competent registration administration department, or according to requirements of Party B, Party B shall have the right to ask Party A to assume the liability for default and ask Party A to bear the whole charges (including but not limited to legal cost, counsel fee, travel expenses, and others).  
     
   11.7  Party B shall have the right to examine, supervise and know state of operation, usage of loan, connected transactions and other situations of Party A. Party B shall have the right to examine and know the state of operation and usage situation of loan of Party A at least once every quarter, and shall have the right to decide whether to stop issuing the loan hereunder or to stop handling businesses hereunder according to results of examination.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

21

11.8 On the condition that Party A performs the obligations stipulated in the Contract and meets the loan issuing conditions of Party B at the same time, Party B shall issue the loan to Party A in full on schedule.  
     
  11.9 Party B shall have the right to ask Party A to provide relevant files according to the needs and requirements of review and examination on issuing of loan; Party B shall keep privacy of those materials, files and information relating to Party A provided by Party A, except for those which shall be inquired or disclosed according to laws, regulations and requirements of government sectors.  
     
  11.10 Party B shall have the right to recover part or whole of the loan in advance according to capital return situation of Party A.  
     
     Article   XII.   Account   
     
  12.1 Party A opens the account as per (1) and (2) as follows at Party B (You may choose more than one option):  
     
  (1) Settlement account whose account number is  8111801012900074251 , on which both parties agree as follows:  
     
      The fund issuance and payment of this loan are transacted through this account. Party B has the right to manage and control the payment of loan fund in accordance with the contract agreement and supervise whether the loan fund is used as per the agreed purpose.  
     
      /  
     
  (2) Fund return account whose account number is  8111801012900074251 , on which both parties agree as follows:  
     
      Party A shall provide the fund-in/fund-out condition of this account and Party B has the right to supervise the fund-in/fund-out condition of this account.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

22

/  
     
  (3)  /  account, whose account number is       /  , on which both parties agree as follows:  
     
  /  
     
   Article   XIII.   Responsibility for Breach of Contract   
     
  13.1 After this contract takes effect, Party A and Party B shall fulfill the obligations agreed herein and either party who violates any agreement, promise or guarantee hereof shall undertake the corresponding responsibility for breach of contract.  
     
  13.2 Where Party A does not withdraw the loan in accordance with the withdrawal date agreed herein without the written consent of Party B, Party B has the right to calculate and collect penal sum as per the number of actual overdue days in accordance with the interest rate agreed herein.  
     
  13.3 Events of default:  
     
  13.3.1 Party A violates any statement, guarantee or promise hereunder, or the certification and document related to this loan submitted to Party B and the statement and guarantee in Article Nine hereof are certified inauthentic, incorrect, incomplete or willfully misleading;   
     
  13.3.2 Party A does not pay the loan fund in the way agreed in Article 5.7 hereof;  
     
  13.3.3 Party A does not use the loan in accordance with the agreed purpose, changes the purpose of loan fund arbitrarily, embezzles the loan or uses the loan to engage in illegal and improper transactions;  
     
  13.3.4 Party A does not repay the loan principal and interest hereunder and other payables in accordance with agreement, or cannot (including the expression of its inability) fulfill the obligations in accordance with this contract;  
     
  13.3.5 Party A conceals important operating and financial facts to Party B;  
     
  13.3.6 Party A takes advantage of the false contracts with the controlling shareholder and other affiliated companies to obtain this loan;  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

23

13.3.7 Party A transfers the property at a low price or freely; deducts and exempts the debts of a third party; is negligent in exercising creditor s rights or other rights; the fund in any account of Party A (including but not limited to the fund return account) is fluctuated abnormally; through supervision and inspection of Party B, it is determined that the profitability of Party A s main operations is decreased so as to influence the realization of the creditor s rights of Party B possibly; the loan fund is used abnormally; the supervision requirement on fund return account of Party B is violated;  
     
  13.3.8 Party A or its controlling shareholder is closed down, is out of business, applies or is applied for liquidation, dissolution or reorganization, enters into takeover, custody or similar legal procedures, applies for bankruptcy, is accepted in respect of bankruptcy application, is announced bankruptcy, is revoked in respect of business license, is cancelled, is involved in private financing, or suffers from any lawsuit, arbitration or criminal or administrative punishment which may result in adverse consequences to its own operation or property condition, which Party B deems that it may influence or damage or has influenced or damaged the rights and interests hereunder of Party B;  
     
  13.3.9 Changes happen to the domicile, scope of business, legal representative, principal, partner executing affairs and other industrial and commercial registration items or the controlling shareholder/actual controller of Party A or external investment or other conditions happen to provide adverse influences or threats to the realization of creditor s rights of Party B;  
     
  13.3.10 The financial losses, assets losses or assets losses incurred due to its external guarantee, or other financial crises happen to Party A, which Party B deems that it may influence or damage or has influenced or damaged the rights and interests hereunder of Party B;  
     
  13.3.11 A crisis happens in the operation and finance of the controlling shareholder or other affiliated companies of Party A, or an affiliated transaction happens between Party A and the controlling shareholder and other affiliated companies, which influence the normal operation of Party A, or Party A makes Party B suffer from adverse influences or threats in the realization of its creditor s rights through an affiliated transaction with the controlling shareholder and other affiliated companies;  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

24

13.3.12 Adverse changes happen to the industry which Party A is in to make Party B suffer from serious influences or threats in realization of its creditor s rights, and the circumstances mentioned therein does not belong to a force majeure event;  
     
  13.3.13 Cross default. Where Party A has a default when fulfilling other debts documents and does not correct upon the expiration of applicable grace period so as to result in any one of the following circumstances, it also constitutes a default hereto, namely a cross default.  
     
      The debts of Party A in other debts documents are announced or may be announced to be mature in acceleration;  
     
      Although the debts of Party A under other debts documents are not announced or may not be announced to be mature in acceleration, but a default in payment happens.  
     
  Other debts documents refer to the loan contract and other guarantee documents signed by Party A and the creditors (including with Party B and other third party except for Party B) and projects documents for bonds issued by Party A publicly or privately.  
     
  13.3.14 Party A refuses to accept the supervision and inspection of Party B on its loan use condition and relevant operating and financial activities;  
     
  13.3.15 The shareholder, legal representative, principal, senior management personnel or actual controller of Party A (i) is disappeared and is unable to contact with; (ii) is suspected of corruption, bribery, fraud, illegal operation or other criminal offenses; (iii) is involved in illegal raising, lending at a high rate or others, which Party B deems that it may influence or damage or has influenced or damaged the rights and interests hereunder of Party B;  
     
  13.3.16 The guarantor of Party A violates the agreement of the guarantee contract or has the default events under the guarantee contract;  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

25

13.3.17 The mortgaged or pledged property hereunder is sealed up, is detained, is lost or is under payment stop, or is taken with other mandatory measures, has disputes in ownership, suffers from or may suffer from infringement from any third party, or its safety or soundness condition suffers from or may suffer from adverse influences or other conditions;   
     
  13.3.18 Party A causes a responsible accident due to violation against relevant laws and regulations, supervisory regulations or industrial standards in respect of food safety, safe production and environmental protection, etc.;  
     
  13.3.19 Other events which danger, damage or may danger or damage the rights and interests of Party B happen to Party A, or Party A does not fulfill the other circumstances agreed herein;  
     
  13.3.20 Others: _________________________________________.  
     
  13.4 If the aforesaid default events happen, Party B has the right to adopt the following remedial measures:  
     
  13.4.1 Party A stops or terminates to issue any fund (including the loan not withdrawn actually yet even though its withdrawal application has been served by Party A) which Party A has not withdrawn yet;  
     
  13.4.2 Directly announce that the loan hereunder is mature immediately without the consent of Party A and require Party A to repay immediately, and the date when Party B requires Party A to repay the aforesaid fund is the advance maturity date of debts hereunder;  
     
  13.4.3 Immediately execute the mortgage, pledge or other guarantee under this contract and the guarantee documents;  
     
  13.4.4 Party B has the right to directly deduct funds from any account opened by Party A at China Citic Bank to compensate for the debts hereunder of Party A;  
     
  13.4.5 Exercise any other right and remedial measure which it may obtain in accordance with stipulations of laws and regulations, etc..  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

26

13.5 Where Party A does not repay the principal as per the agreement hereof, Party B has the right to calculate and collect default interest in accordance with the default interest rate at 50.00% above the applicable loan interest rate at that time as per the number of actual overdue days except for exercise of the rights agreed in Article 13.4 therein. Party A agrees that calculation to the aforesaid default interest amount is subject to the result calculated by Party B.  
     
  13.6 Where Party A does not use the loan in accordance with purpose agreed herein, Party B has the right to calculate and collect default interest in accordance with the default interest rate at 100.00% above the applicable loan interest rate at that time as per the number of actual overdue days as of the embezzlement date in respect of the part used in breach of contract except for exercise of the rights agreed in Article 13.4 therein. Party A agrees that calculation to the aforesaid default interest amount is subject to the result calculated by Party B.  
     
  13.7 As regards the loan which is overdue and is not used as per the purpose agreed in the contract at the same time, Party B has the right to calculate and collect the default interest as per the higher default interest rate in Article 13.5 and Article 13.6.  
     
  13.8 As regards the interest which Party A does not pay on time (including the interest corresponding to the principal announced maturity by Party B fully or partly) and the default interest, the compound interest shall be calculated and collected in accordance with the default interest rate of overdue loan agreed herein and the interest settlement mode agreed herein from the overdue date to the date of full repayment; where the loan is overdue and is not used as per the purpose agreed herein at the same time, the compound interest will be calculated and collected as per the heavier one instead of combined punishments.  
     
  13.9 All the expenses (including but not limited to legal fare, arbitration fee, executive fee, insurance premium, travelling expense, counsel fee, property preservation fee, notarization and authentication fee, translation fee, appraisal and auction fee and others) occurring because Party B realizes the creditor s rights shall be undertaken by Party A.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

27

Article   XIV.   Continuity of Obligations   
     
  14.1 All the obligations of Party A hereunder are continuous, which shall be fully binding upon its successor, receiver, transferee and the subject after its merger, reorganization, change in name and others, and will neither be influenced by any dispute, claim and legal procedures, any direction of superior unit as well as any contract and document signed by the debtor of Master Contract with any natural person or legal person nor to be changed because of bankruptcy, inability to repay debts, loss of enterprise qualification, change in Articles of Association and occurrence of alteration in any nature of the debtor of Master Contract.  

Article   XV.   Notarization   
     
  15.1 If either party hereto requires notarization, the notarization shall be carried out in the notary office stipulated by the state.  
     
  15.2 If Party B requires transacting the notarial certificate with mandatory executive effect, Party A agrees that Party B may apply to notary office to issue the notarial certificate with this contract; if the loan principal and interest of Party B and the relevant expenses which should be undertaken by Party A are not repaid in full amount within the repayment period agreed herein, Party B may apply for mandatory execution to the relevant court with this notarial certificate in accordance with laws and regulations.  

Article   XVI.   Notice and Service   
     
  16.1 The notice, requirement, debts collection involved herein, legal documents of lawsuit (arbitration) or other correspondences hereunder shall be delivered or sent to the addresses or contact ways agreed in the prelude hereof.   
     
  16.2 In respect of any notice, requirement, debts collection letter or other correspondences hereunder sent by Party B to Party A, the telex, telephone, fax and e-mail, etc. shall be deemed to have been served to Party A upon being sent out; the postal letter shall be deemed to have been served to Party A on the third day after being mailed; in case of delivery by someone specially, the date signed for by Party A is deemed to the service date, and if Party A rejects, the delivery person may take photos or video to record the service process and leave the documents, which is also deemed to have been served.   

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

28

16.3 Where nobody signs for or Party A rejects if the judicial authority or arbitration institution sends relevant (legal) documents as per the address and contact way agreed in the prelude hereof to Party A, the date when the (legal) documents are returned is deemed as the service date; if Party A rejects upon direct service, the delivery person may take photos or video to record the service process and leave the (legal) documents, which is also deemed to have been served. Where the (legal) documents fail to be served or are returned because Party A provides a wrong contact way or fails to inform of the contact way after alteration, the date when the (legal) documents are returned is deemed as the service date.  
     
  16.4 Where the aforesaid contact way provided by either party is altered, it shall be notified to the opposite party in writing within three days after the alteration; it shall be informed to the trail authority in writing after the debts hereunder enters into lawsuit or arbitration stage. Otherwise, the notice or other documents sent according to the original contact way is still deemed to have been served even if the altering party does not receive them.  

Article   XVII.   Other Agreed Matters   

Where the agreement therein conflicts with the agreement in other articles of the contract, the agreement therein shall prevail.  

Article   XVIII.   Applicable Laws and Settlement to Disputes   
     
  18.1 The signing, fulfillment and interpretation hereof are applicable to the laws of the People s Republic of China (excluding the laws of Hong Kong Special Administrative Zone, Macao Special Administrative Zone and Taiwan Region).  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014   
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

29

18.2 Any dispute occurring to and related to this contract shall be solved by Party A and Party B through negotiation; if negotiation fails to work, both parties agree to adopt  (2)  way to solve it:  
     
  (1) Apply for arbitration to    /    Arbitration Commission and it is applicable to the arbitration rules of such arbitration commission in force at that time.  
     
  (2) File a lawsuit or apply to execute mandatorily to the people s court where Party B is located.  

Article   XIX.   Force Majeure Event   
     
  19.1 The force majeure event herein refers to the unpredictable, inevitable and insurmountable objective condition which makes either party hereto unable to fulfill this contract normally, including war, strike, martial law enforcement, serious flood, fire, wind, earthquake and other accidents which both parties deem as force majeure through negotiation.  
     
  19.2 Where either party cannot fulfill the contract due to force majeure, it may be exempt from fulfilling the responsibility or obligation hereunder partly or fully in accordance with the influence from force majeure, but the party suffering from force majeure shall notify the other party timely in written form to relieve the losses which may be caused to the other party and shall provide the proper evidence in respect of the occurrence and duration of the force majeure event within a reasonable period. At the same time, the party suffering from force majeure event shall try its best to reduce the possible influence from the force majeure event on the other party.  
     
  19.3 When a force majeure event happens, both parties shall negotiate immediately within a reasonable period to seek for a fair and reasonable solution and try the best to reduce the consequence of the force majeure event to the minimum degree.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

30

Article   XX.   Accumulation of Rights of Party B   
     
  The rights of Party B hereunder are accumulative, which will not influence and exclude any right which Party B may enjoy to Party A in accordance with laws and other contracts. Except as expressed by Party B in writing, that Party B does not exercise, partly exercises and/or delays to exercise its any right will neither constitute the waiver or part of wavier of such right nor influence, prevent and hinder Party B to exercise such right continuously or exercise its any other right.  

Article   XXI.   Effectiveness, Alteration and Cancellation of the Contract   
     
  21.1 This contract shall take effect after the signatures or seals (signatures or the name stamps affixed) of the legal representative or authorized agent of Party A and the legal representative or principal or authorized agent of Party B affixed with the official seals or special seals for contract.  
     
  21.3 After this contract takes effect, except as agreed herein before, either Party A or Party B shall not alter or cancel this contract arbitrarily; if this contract needs to be altered or cancelled indeed, a written agreement may be reached through the consistent negotiation of Party A and Party B.  
     
  21.3 Where Party A transfers the debts hereunder partly or fully to a third person after this contract takes effect, it shall submit a written document that the guarantor agrees on the transfer and to continue undertaking the guarantee obligation to Party B or it provides a new guarantee and obtains the written consent of Party B.  

Article   XXII.   Others    
     
  22.1 For the purpose hereof,  banking day  refers to the bank business day on which the bank accepts general business to corporation externally, excluding the statutory festivals and holidays and public holidays.  
     
  22.2 Regarding the uncovered matters hereof, Party A and Party B may reach a written agreement additionally as the annex to this contract. Any annex, amendment or supplement hereto shall constitute an integral part hereof, which shall share the equivalent legal force with this contract.  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

31

22.3 If a certain clause hereof or part of content of a certain clause hereof is determined invalid, such invalid clause or such invalid part will not influence the validity of this contract and the other clauses hereof or other content of such clause.  
     
  22.4 This contract is made in    duplicate , with Party A holding    one    copy, Party B holding  one    copy and relevant department keeping    /    copy(s).  
     
   22.5 Party B has adopted overstriking, blackening and other reasonable ways to ask for the attentions of Party A to the clauses exempt from or limited to its responsibility hereunder and has fully explained the relevant clauses as per the requirement of Party A; Party A and Party B has no objections against the understanding on content of all the clauses hereof.   

List of Annexes:  
     
  Annex 1: Sample of Stamp Reserved by Party A  
     
  Annex 2: Format of Letter of Attorney for Payment  

(No text below)  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

32

(This page is intentionally left blank, which is the signature page of RMB Current Capital Loan Contract with S/N being 2016 JYD ZI No. 16100025)   

Party A: (Official Seal or Special Seal for Contract)  
     
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)  
     
  Signature or Seal of Legal Representative:   
     
  (Or Authorized Agent) WEI Yabi (signature)  

Party B: (Official Seal or Special Seal for Contract)  
     
  Special Seal for Contract of Company Credit Business of China Citic Bank Co., Ltd. Shijiazhuang Branch (sealed)  
     
  Signature or Seal of Legal Representative: ZHANG Yuanming (sealed)  
     
  (Or Authorized Agent)   

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

33

Annex 2: Format of Letter of Attorney for Payment  

Letter of Attorney for Payment  
     
  (Applicable to Payment under Entrustment to Bank)  

China Citic Bank Co., Ltd. Shijiazhuang Branch:  

In accordance with the RMB Current Capital Loan Contract with S/N being  2016 JYD ZI No. 16100025  ( loan contract ), this is to entrust your bank to transfer the payment amount from the settlement account (account No.:  8111801012900074251 ) of our company to the following account of the counterparty for transaction on the payment date as follows, and the specific fund use plan is to  purchase the raw materials necessary for production . For the relevant commercial contracts, see attached documents separately.  

Full Name of Counterparty for Transaction 1   
 
  Zhuhai Yinlong Electric Appliance Co., Ltd.    

Bank of Deposit:   
 
  Agricultural Bank of China Limited Zhuhai Beiling Sub-branch    

Account No.:   
 
  44356101040004455    

Payment Amount:   
 
  (In Capital) One hundred and ten million Yuan only (In Number):       110,000,000.00    

Payment Date:   
 
  Mar. 15, 2016    

Full Name of Counterparty for Transaction 2   

Bank of Deposit:   

Account No.:   

Payment Amount:   
 
  (In Capital) (In number)    

Payment Date:   
 
  MM / DD / YY    

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

34

We confirm that:   
     
  (1) The statements and guarantees made in the loan contract by our company are still authentic and correct on the current date when this notice is made; and  
     
  (2) No any default event or potential default event stipulated in the loan contract happens.  
     
  (3) This Letter of Attorney is irrevocable.  

Attachment:  One  copy of Commercial Contract  

Name of the Company:     (Official Seal or Reserved Stamp of the Unit)  
     
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)  
     
  Legal Representative or Authorized Agent: WEI Yabi (signature) (signature or seal)  
     
  Date: Mar. 15, 2016        

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     

35

Special Declaration:  
     
  Our company is willing to select the text hereof and waives to select and provide other contract text. Our company has read all the clauses hereof carefully before signing this contract and has paid special attention to, understood, agreed on and accepted the borrower s obligations, responsibility for breach of contract and settlement way to disputes and others in this contract.  

Shijianzhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)  
     
  Declarant: WEI Yabi (signature)  

Special Seal for Contract of Corporate Credit Loan Business of China CITIC Bank, 1301050603014  
  (sealed)  
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (sealed)     
   
 36   

</EX-10.68>

<EX-10.69>
 37
 ex10-69.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.69
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.69   

Capital Inter-banking Lending Contract    
     
  Party A (Offering Party):  Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd.    
     
  Address: ____________________________________________   
     
  Party B (Offered Party):  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
     
  Address:  North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu'an Town, Wu'an City, Hebei Province    
     
  In order to regulate the fund surplus and deficiency, based on principles of equality and voluntariness, honesty and credibility, through consensus, Party A and Party B enter into this Contract and promise to abide by it jointly.   
     
  I. Provisional amount of inter-banking fund between Party A and Party B is:  RMB 100,000,000.00,  (in capital) RMB  One Hundred Million Only.  In principle, the shortest term of inter-banking lending period is  7   days ; the longest term is no more than  12 months . It could be reused within the limit range.   
     
  II. Each inter-banking lending, Party A and Party B shall arrange the specific inter-banking lending amount, inter-banking lending time according to the financial resource transfer table approved by both parties and the transferring bill from the bank, and the separately signed  Loan Contract  and  Loan Receipt  are not needed.   
     
  II. Inter-banking lending interest: Monthly interest of inter-banking lending is  0% , which is collected by month and it is paid off when the principal is done.   
     
  IV. Inter-banking lending term:   
     
  The inter-banking lending term under the agreement is  12 months , from  January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015.    
     
  V. Both parties involved in the inter-banking lending shall abide by credibility and stick up for each party's reputation. Offered Party shall repay principal and interest on schedule and shall not occupy to use it for any reason. Offered Party fails to remit the repayment to the account appointed by Offering Party pursuant to agreed repayment time, it shall be regarded as overdue.   
     
  VI. The capital borrowed from Offered Party, whose risk shall be totally assumed by Offered Party and Offering Party has no right to interfere with the capital operation.   
     
  VII. Otherwise, there has statutory stipulation or agreement, either Party from Party A or Party B shall be approved by the other Party, if it needs to change some clause under this Contract, then both parties conclude a written agreement.   
     
  Within the term stipulated under the  Loan Contract , if it encounters market inter-banking lending price adjustment, the relevant content under the  Loan Contract  shall not be adjusted.   
     
  VIII. Contract dispute settlement: Dispute incurred during performance of this Contract shall be settled through amicable negotiation, or mediated by a third party. In the case of settlement failure through negotiation or mediation, then a lawsuit may be filed to the local people's court where Party A is located by law.   

1 of 2  

IX. This Contract shall be effective since the date of being signed by parties. This Contract is in duplicate, one for each party respectively with the same legal effect.   

Party A (signature and seal):    
 
  Party B (signature and seal):     

Legal (authorized) representative(s):   
    Special Seal for Contract of Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd.    
 
  Legal (authorized) representative(s):      
  Special Seal for Contract of Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.     

Signing date: MM/DD/YYYY    
 
  Signing date: MM/DD/YYYY     

2 of 2    

</EX-10.69>

<EX-10.70>
 38
 ex10-70.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.70
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.70   

Complementary Agreement of Land Mortgage Loan Contract   
     
  Party A (Lender):  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automob  i  l  e Co., Ltd.  (hereinafter referred to as "Party A")   
     
  Party B (Borrower):  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.  (hereinafter referred to as "Party B")   
     
  1. Party A and Party B signed two sums of land mortgage loan contracts respectively in September 2015 and March 2016; the total amount of the two loan contract is RMB 59,400,000.00. After friendly negotiation of both parties, the loan interest of Article I under the original contract has changed as: The loan interest of the two sums in 2015 and 2016 is zero; it begins to calculate interest accrual from 2017.   
     
  2. The original contract clauses are invariant.   
     
  3. This agreement is in quadruplicate with Party A and Party B holding two respectively.   

Party A: Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd.   
     
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (Seal)    
 
  Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.   
     
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.     

Legal representative (or authorized representative): Sun Guohua  

Legal representative (or authorized representative): Wei Guohua   

MM/DD/YYYY    
 
  MM/DD/YYYY      

</EX-10.70>

<EX-10.71>
 39
 ex10-71.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.71
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.71   

Land Mortgage Loan Contract    
     
  Party A (Lender):  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo   Automobile   Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Party A")    
     
  Party B (Borrower):  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Party B")    
     
  I. Party A borrows  RMB 33,600,000.00  from Party B  (In capital: RMB Thirty Three Million Six Hundred Thousand Only)  on  September 1, 2015.  The loan term is  2 years , from  September 30, 2015 to September 29, 2017 . The interest rate is subject to  Hua Xia Bank Co., Ltd. Shijiazhuang Huai'an Road Sub-branch , Party B shall pay the interest rate of current month before  20   th     of each month. The interest is settled by month.   
     
  II. Party B agrees to make mortgage loans for Hua Xia Bank Co., Ltd. Shijiazhuang Huai'an Road Sub-branch with land use right of  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.,  and the certificate No. of land use right is:  WGY (2014) No. 036, with the area of 40,000 square meters; WGY (2014) No. 037, with the area of 34,685.20 square meters.  Both Parties shall completely handle mortgage registration procedures within  5  days from the day the agreement is signed and Party B shall assume the registration fees.   
     
  III. In the event of Party B fails to repay Party A the loan and interest agreed in the agreement when the repayment term stipulated in the main contract is due, Party A shall be entitled to dispose Party B's mortgaged property in a manner prescribed by law.   
     
  Should the money obtained by Party A's disposal of mortgage is insufficient to repay principal and interest of the loan, Party A shall have the right to claim for Party B separately.   
     
  IV. Such mortgage is irrevocable, if Party B fails to repay the loan from Party A or it couldn't pay the interest as scheduled. Party B shall voluntarily waive the right of defense, right of action, arbitration right and voluntarily accepts the compulsory execution from the People's Court with jurisdiction. This is Party B's true statement and commitment.   
     
  V. This Contract shall come into effect from the day it is signed by both parties. Should it is necessary for Party B to sell off, transfer, donate, resell, mortgage asset since the contract comes into effect, Party B shall do such after it has paid off the loan from Party A.   
     
  VI. Within the mortgage contract term, any damage to Party B's mortgaged property caused by its improper safekeeping, Party A shall be entitled to require Party B to recover the original status of the mortgaged property or require Party B to provide another mortgaged property approved by Party A.   
     
  VII. The action is invalid, if Party B arbitrarily disposes of mortgaged property without abiding by agreement stipulated in this contract. Party A shall have the right to require Party B to recover its original status and withdraw the loan under the contract in advance and claim for 10% of the loan amount as liquidated damages from Party B.   
     
  VIII. In the event of Party B conceals situations of mortgaged property such as it is co-owned, disputed, sealed off, detained or it has been mortgaged, which cause economic loss to Party A, it shall compensate to Party A and also compensate 10% of the loan amount under the main contract as liquidated damages.   

IX. As for outstanding matters of this Contract, both parties may sign a supplementary agreement.   
     
  X. After this Contract takes effect, neither party shall alter or make rescission of contract.   
     
  XI. This Contract is in quadruplicate with Party A and Party B holding two respectively.   

Party A: Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd.    
 
  Party B: Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.     

Legal representative (or authorized representative):      
  Shijiazhuang Zhongbo Automobile Co., Ltd. (Seal)   

Legal representative (or authorized representative):   
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Sealed)   

August 5, 2015    
 
  August 5, 2015      
     
  Place of contract signing: Wuan City, Hebei Province   

</EX-10.71>

<EX-10.72>
 40
 ex10-72.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.72
 
   ex10-64.htm 

Exhibit 10.72   

Capital Inter-banking Lending Contract   
     
  Party A (Offering Party):  Hebei Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd.    
     
  Address: ____________________________________________  
     
  Party B (Offered Party):  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd.    
     
  Address:  North of Dongzhuchang Village, Wu'an Town, Wu'an City, Hebei Province    
     
  In order to regulate the fund surplus and deficiency, based on principles of equality and voluntariness, honesty and credibility, through consensus, Party A and Party B enter into this Contract and promise to abide by it jointly.   
     
  I. Provisional amount of inter-banking fund between Party A and Party B is:  RMB 200,000,000.00, (in capital) RMB Two Hundred Million Only.  In principle, the shortest term of inter-banking lending period is  7 days ; the longest term is no more than  12 months . It could be reused within the limit range.   
     
  II. Each inter-banking lending, Party A and Party B shall arrange the specific inter-lending amount, inter-banking lending time according to the financial resource transfer table approved by both parties and the transferring bill from the bank, and the separately signed  Loan Contract  and  Loan Receipt  are not needed.   
     
  III. Inter-banking lending interest: Monthly interest of inter-banking lending is  0% , which is collected by month and it is paid off when the principal is done.   
     
  IV. Inter-banking lending term:   
     
  The inter-banking lending term under the agreement is  12 months , from  January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 .   
     
  V. Both parties involved in the inter-banking lending shall abide by credibility and stick up for each party's reputation. Offered Party shall repay principal and interest on schedule and shall not occupy to use it for any reason. Offered Party fails to remit the repayment to the account appointed by Offering Party pursuant to agreed repayment time, it shall be regarded as overdue.   
     
  VI. The capital borrowed from Offered Party, whose risk shall be totally assumed by Offered Party and Offering Party has no right to interfere with the capital operation.   
     
  VII. Otherwise, there has statutory stipulation or agreement, either Party from Party A or Party B shall be approved by the other Party, if it needs to change some clause under this Contract, then both parties conclude a written agreement.   
     
  Within the term stipulated under the  Loan Contract , if it encounters market inter-banking lending price adjustment, the relevant content under the  Loan Contract  shall not be adjusted.   
     
  VIII. Contract dispute settlement: Dispute incurred during performance of this Contract shall be settled through amicable negotiation, or mediated by a third party. In the case of settlement failure through negotiation or mediation, then a lawsuit may be filed to the local people's court where Party A is located by law.   

1 of 2 

IX. This Contract shall be effective since the date of being signed by parties. This Contract is in duplicate, one for each party respectively with the same legal effect.   

Party A (signature and seal):     
  Zhuhai Yinlong New Energy Co., Ltd. (seal)    
 
  Party B (signature and seal):     
  Northern Altair Nanotechnologies Co., Ltd. (Sealed)     

Legal (authorized) representative(s)    
 
  Legal (authorized) representative(s)     

Signing date: MM/DD/YYYY    
 
  Signing date: MM/DD/YYYY      

2 of 2    

</EX-10.72>

<EX-23.1>
 41
 ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1
 
   ex23-1.htm 

Exhibit 23.1   

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
     
  We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Nos.333-64495, 333-149882 and 333-125863 on Form S-8 of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. and subsidiaries of our report dated April 1, 2013 on the consolidated balance sheet of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2012 and the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders (deficit) equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K  

/s/ Crowe Horwath LLP  
     
  Crowe Horwath LLP  
  Sacramento, California  
  November 15, 2016  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 42
 ex23-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.2
 
   ex23-2.htm 

Exhibit 23.2   
        
   Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent   
     
  We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. and its Subsidiaries (the  Company ) on Post-effective Amendment No 1 to Form S-8, File Numbers 333-64495, 333-125863 and 333-149882, of our report, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, dated November 15, 2016, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. and its Subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
     
  /s/ Marcum  llp   
     
  Marcum  llp   
  New York, NY  
  November 15, 2016    

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 43
 ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1
 
   ex31-1.htm 

Exhibit 31.1   

I, Guohua Sun, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc.;      

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4.   
 
  The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reports (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:     

(a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;      

(c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 15, 2016       
 
 By: /s/ Guohua Sun        

Guohua Sun,   
  Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 44
 ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2
 
   ex31-2.htm 

Exhibit 31.2   
  I, Karen Werner, certify that:  

1.   
 
  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc.;      

2.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.   
 
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;      

4.   
 
  The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reports (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have:     

(a)   
 
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

(b)   
 
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;      

(c)   
 
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and     

5.   
 
  The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a)   
 
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

Date: November 15, 2016   
 
  By: /s/ Karen Werner   

Karen Werner, Interim Chief Financial Officer       

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 45
 ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1
 
   ex32-1.htm 

Exhibit 32.1   
       
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Annual Report of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Guohua Sun, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  

(a)   
 
  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(b)   
 
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 46
 ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2
 
   ex32-2.htm 

Exhibit 32.2   
     
   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
   18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350   
   AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
   SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Annual Report of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Karen Werner, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  

(c)   
 
  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and     

(d)   
 
  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

By: /s/ Karen Werner     

Karen Werner  
  Interim Chief Financial Officer  
  November 15, 2016       

</EX-32.2>

