<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1035443_0001035443-16-000241_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>50318717</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1550843</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>23596292</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12891879</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9014093</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2435224</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>429</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001035443-16-000241.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102161243
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001035443-16-000241
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001035443
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				954502084
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12993
		FILM NUMBER:		161967948

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		385 E. COLORADO BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 299
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6265780777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		385 E. COLORADO BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 299
		CITY:			PASADENA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91101

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001035443-16-000241.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 a3q1610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 
              QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  
              EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
    
  OR 
    
                TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES  
  EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
    
  Commission file number 1-12993 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Maryland 
      
    95-4502084 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

385 East Colorado Boulevard, Suite 299, Pasadena, California 91101 
  (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
    
  (626) 578-0777 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  N/A 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes        No     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes        No      
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                 Large accelerated filer     
    Accelerated filer     
      Non-accelerated filer         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes        No     
    
  As of   October 24, 2016  ,   79,414,121   shares of common stock, par value $.01 per share, were outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 
    1 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    2 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended  
  September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    3 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity and Noncontrolling Interests for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
    4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    7 

Item 2.  
     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    50 

Item 3.  
     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    115 

Item 4.  
     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    116 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1A.  
     RISK FACTORS  
    117 

Item 6.  
     EXHIBITS  
    118 

SIGNATURES  
    121 

i 

GLOSSARY 
    
  The following abbreviations or acronyms that may be used in this document shall have the adjacent meanings set forth below: 
    
                 ASU 
    Accounting Standards Update 
      ATM 
    At the Market  
      BBA 
    British Bankers  Association 
      CIP 
    Construction in Progress 
      EPS 
    Earnings per Share 
      FASB 
    Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      FFO 
    Funds from Operations 
      GAAP 
    U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 
      HVAC 
    Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning 
      JV 
    Joint Venture 
      LEED      
    Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design 
      LIBOR 
    London Interbank Offered Rate 
      NAREIT 
    National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts 
      NYSE 
    New York Stock Exchange 
      R D 
    Research and Development 
      REIT 
    Real Estate Investment Trust 
      RSF 
    Rentable Square Feet/Foot 
      SEC 
    Securities and Exchange Commission 
      SF 
    Square Feet/Foot 
      SoMa 
    South of Market (submarket of the San Francisco market) 
      U.S. 
    United States 
      VIE 
    Variable Interest Entity 
      YTD 
    Year to Date  

ii 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets  
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. 
  Consolidated Statements of Income 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. 
  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity and Noncontrolling Interests 
  (Dollars in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

5 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 

1. 
    Background 
       
  As used in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, references to the  Company,   Alexandria,   ARE,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
    
  Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. (NYSE:ARE), is an urban office REIT uniquely focused on world-class collaborative science and technology campuses in AAA innovation cluster locations with a total market capitalization of   $13.0 billion   and an asset base in North America of   24.5 million   square feet as of   September 30, 2016  . The asset base in North America includes   18.8 million   RSF of operating properties and development and redevelopment projects (under construction or pre-construction) and   5.7 million   square feet of future ground-up development projects. Alexandria pioneered this niche in 1994 and has since established a significant market presence in key locations, including Greater Boston, San Francisco, New York City, San Diego, Seattle, Maryland, and Research Triangle Park. Alexandria is known for our high-quality and diverse tenant base, with   54%   of our total annualized base rent   as of September 30, 2016  , generated from investment-grade tenants. Alexandria has a longstanding and proven track record of developing Class A properties clustered in urban science and technology campuses that provide its innovative tenants with highly dynamic and collaborative environments that enhance their ability to successfully recruit and retain world-class talent and inspire productivity, efficiency, creativity, and success. We believe these advantages result in higher occupancy levels, longer lease terms, higher rental income, higher returns, and greater long-term asset value. For additional information on Alexandria, please visit www.are.com. 
    
  Our asset base in North America (including consolidated and unconsolidated real estate joint ventures) consisted of the following, as of   September 30, 2016  : 

As of   September 30, 2016  : 

Investment-grade tenants represented   54%   of our total annualized base rent; 
                
    Approximately   97%     of our leases (on an RSF basis) were triple net leases, requiring tenants to pay substantially all real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, common area expenses, and other operating expenses (including increases thereto) in addition to base rent; 
                
    Approximately   95%     of our leases (on an RSF basis) contained effective annual rent escalations that were either fixed (generally ranging from   3%   to   3.5%  )   or indexed based on a consumer price index or other index; and 
                
    Approximately   95%   of our leases (on an RSF basis)   provided for the recapture of certain capital expenditures (such as HVAC systems maintenance and/or replacement, roof replacement, and parking lot resurfacing) that we believe would typically be borne by the landlord in traditional office leases. 
       
  Any references to the number of buildings, square footage, number of leases, occupancy, and tenants, and any amounts derived from these values in the notes to consolidated financial statements are unaudited. 

7 

2. 
    Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 

2. 
    Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies 
       
  We have prepared the accompanying interim consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP and in conformity with the rules and regulations of the SEC. In our opinion, the interim consolidated financial statements presented herein reflect all adjustments, of a normal recurring nature, that are necessary to fairly present the interim consolidated financial statements. The results of operations for the interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Basis of presentation and consolidation 
    
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Certain prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current-period presentation. 
    
  Consolidation 
    
  On an ongoing basis, as circumstances indicate the need for reconsideration, we evaluate each legal entity that is not wholly owned by us, under the consolidation guidance, first under the variable interest model, then under the voting model. Our evaluation considers all of our variable interests, including equity ownership, as well as fees paid to us for our involvement in the management of each partially owned entity. The variable interest model applies to entities that meet both of the following criteria: 

A legal structure has been established to conduct business activities and to hold assets; such entity can be in the form of a partnership, limited liability company, or corporation, among others; and 
                
    The entity established has variable interests   i.e., it has variable interests that are contractual, such as equity ownership or other financial interests that change with changes in the fair value of the entity s net assets. 
       
  If an entity meets both criteria above, we then evaluate such entity under the variable interest model. If an entity does not meet these criteria, we then evaluate such entity under the voting model or apply other GAAP, such as the cost or equity method of accounting. 
    
  Variable interest model 
    
  A legal entity is determined to be a VIE if it has any of the following three characteristics: 
    
           1) 
    The entity does not have sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support; 
              2) 
    The entity is established with non-substantive voting rights (i.e., where the entity deprives the majority economic interest holder(s) of voting rights); or 
              3) 
    The equity holders, as a group, lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. Equity holders meet this criterion if they lack any of the following: 
                
    The power, through voting rights or similar rights, to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance, as evidenced by: 
                
    Substantive participating rights in day-to-day management of the entity s activities; or 
                
    Substantive kick-out rights over the party responsible for significant decisions 
                
    The obligation to absorb the entity s expected losses; and 
                
    The right to receive the entity s expected residual returns. 

8 

2. 
    Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 

Once we consider the sufficiency of equity and voting rights of each legal entity, we then evaluate the characteristics of the equity holders  interests, as a group, to see if they qualify as controlling financial interests. Our real estate joint ventures consist of limited partnerships or limited liability companies. For entities structured as limited partnerships or limited liability companies, our evaluation of whether the equity holders (equity partners other than us in each of our real estate joint ventures) lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest includes the determination of whether the limited partners or non-managing members (the noncontrolling equity holders) lack both substantive participating rights and substantive kick-out rights, defined as follows: 

Participating rights   provide the noncontrolling equity holders the ability to direct significant financial and operating decisions made in the ordinary course of business that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance. 
                
    Kick-out rights   allow the noncontrolling equity holders to remove the general partner or managing member without cause. 
       
  If we conclude that any of the three characteristics of a VIE are met, including whether equity holders lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest because they lack both substantive participating rights and substantive kick-out rights, we also then conclude that the entity is a VIE and evaluate it for consolidation under the variable interest model. 
    
  If an entity is determined to be a VIE, we evaluate whether we are the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary analysis is a qualitative analysis based on power and benefits. We consolidate a VIE if we have both power and benefits   that is, (i) we have the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance (power), and (ii) we have the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE, or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that potentially could be significant to the VIE (benefits). We consolidate VIEs whenever we determine that we are the primary beneficiary. Refer to Note 3    Investments in Real Estate  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for information on specific real estate joint ventures that qualify as VIEs. If we have a variable interest in a VIE but we are not the primary beneficiary, we account for our investment using the equity method of accounting. 
    
  Voting model 
    
  If a legal entity fails to meet any of the three characteristics of a VIE (insufficiency of equity, non-substantive voting rights, or lack of controlling financial interest), we then evaluate such entity under the voting model. Under the voting model, we consolidate the entity if we determine that we, directly or indirectly, have greater than 50% of the voting shares, and we determine that other equity holders do not have substantive participating rights. Refer to Note 4    Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further information on our unconsolidated real estate joint ventures that qualify for evaluation under the voting model. 
    
  Use of estimates 
    
  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and equity; the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements; and the amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 

9 

2. 
    Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 

Investments in real estate and properties classified as held for sale 
    
  We recognize real estate acquired (including the intangible value of acquired above- or below-market leases, acquired in-place leases, tenant relationships, and other intangible assets or liabilities), liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in an acquired entity at their fair value as of the acquisition date. If there is a bargain fixed-rate renewal option for the period beyond the non-cancelable lease term of an in-place lease, we evaluate factors such as the business conditions in the industry in which the lessee operates, the economic conditions in the area in which the property is located, and the ability of the lessee to sublease the property during the renewal term, in order to determine the likelihood that the lessee will renew. When we determine there is reasonable assurance that such bargain purchase option will be exercised, we consider its impact in determining the intangible value of such lease and its related amortization period. The value of tangible assets acquired is based upon our estimation of value on an  as if vacant  basis. The value of acquired in-place leases includes the estimated costs during the hypothetical lease-up period and other costs that would have been incurred in the execution of similar leases under the market conditions at the acquisition date of the acquired in-place lease. We assess the fair value of tangible and intangible assets based on numerous factors, including estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate discount and capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors, including the historical operating results, known trends, and market/economic conditions that may affect the property. We also recognize the fair values of assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in acquisitions of less than a 100% interest when the acquisition constitutes a change in control of the acquired entity. Acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of businesses, including real estate acquired with in-place leases, are expensed as incurred. 
    
  The values allocated to buildings and building improvements, land improvements, tenant improvements, and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis using the shorter of the term of the respective ground lease and up to   40 years   for buildings and building improvements, an estimated life of up to   20 years   for land improvements, the respective lease term for tenant improvements, and the estimated useful life for equipment. The values of acquired above- and below-market leases are amortized over the terms of the related leases and recognized as either an increase (for below-market leases) or a decrease (for above-market leases) to rental revenue. The values of acquired above- and below-market ground leases are amortized over the terms of the related ground leases and recognized as either an increase (for below-market ground leases) or a decrease (for above-market ground leases) to rental operating expense. The values of acquired in-place leases are classified in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the remaining terms of the related leases. 
    
  We capitalize project costs, including predevelopment costs, interest, property taxes, insurance, and other costs directly related and essential to the development, redevelopment, predevelopment, or construction of a project. Capitalization of development, redevelopment, predevelopment, and construction costs is required while activities are ongoing to prepare an asset for its intended use. Fluctuations in our development, redevelopment, predevelopment, and construction activities could result in significant changes to total expenses and net income. Costs incurred after a project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use are expensed as incurred. Should development, redevelopment, predevelopment, or construction activity cease, interest, property taxes, insurance, and certain other costs would no longer be eligible for capitalization and would be expensed as incurred. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
    
  A property is classified as held for sale when all of the following criteria for a plan of sale have been met: (i) management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the property; (ii) the property is available for immediate sale in its present condition, subject only to terms that are usual and customary; (iii) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell have been initiated; (iv) the sale of the property is probable and is expected to be completed within   one year  ; (v) the property is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value; and (vi) actions necessary to complete the plan of sale indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Depreciation of assets ceases upon designation of a property as held for sale. 
    
  If the disposal of the property represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on our operations or financial results, such as (i) a major line of business, (ii) a major geographic area, (iii) a major equity method investment, or (iv) other major parts of an entity, then the operations of the property, including any interest expense directly attributable to it, are classified as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of income, and amounts for all prior periods presented are reclassified from continuing operations to discontinued operations. The disposal of an individual property generally will not represent a strategic shift and, therefore, will typically not meet the criteria for classification as discontinued operations.  

10 

2. 
    Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 

Impairment of long-lived assets 
    
  On a quarterly basis, we review current activities and changes in the business conditions of all of our properties prior to and subsequent to the end of each quarter to determine the existence of any triggering events requiring an impairment analysis. If triggering events are identified, we review an estimate of the future undiscounted cash flows for the properties, including, if necessary, a probability-weighted approach if multiple outcomes are under consideration. 
    
  Long-lived assets to be held and used, including our rental properties, CIP, land held for development, and intangibles, are individually evaluated for impairment when conditions exist that may indicate that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset to be held and used is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. Impairment indicators or triggering events for long-lived assets to be held and used, including our rental properties, CIP, land held for development, and intangibles, are assessed by project and include significant fluctuations in estimated rental revenues less rental operating expenses, occupancy changes, significant near-term lease expirations, current and historical operating and/or cash flow losses, construction costs, estimated completion dates, rental rates, and other market factors. We assess the expected undiscounted cash flows based upon numerous factors, including, but not limited to, construction costs, available market information, current and historical operating results, known trends, current market/economic conditions that may affect the property, and our assumptions about the use of the asset, including, if necessary, a probability-weighted approach if multiple outcomes are under consideration. Upon determination that an impairment has occurred, a write-down is recognized to reduce the carrying amount to its estimated fair value. If an impairment loss is not required to be recognized, the recognition of depreciation is adjusted prospectively, as necessary, to reduce the carrying amount of the real estate to its estimated disposition value over the remaining period that the real estate is expected to be held and used. We may adjust depreciation of properties that are expected to be disposed of or redeveloped prior to the end of their useful lives. 
    
  We use the held for sale impairment model for our properties classified as held for sale. The held for sale impairment model is different from the held and used impairment model. Under the held for sale impairment model, an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the long-lived asset classified as held for sale exceeds its fair value less cost to sell. Because of these two different models, it is possible for a long-lived asset previously classified as held and used to require the recognition of an impairment charge upon classification as held for sale. 
    
  Investments 
    
  We hold equity investments in certain publicly traded companies and investments in certain privately held entities and limited partnerships primarily involved in the science and technology industries. All of our equity investments in actively traded public companies are considered available-for-sale and are reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Fair value has been determined based upon the closing price as of each balance sheet date, with unrealized gains and losses shown as a separate component of other comprehensive income. The classification of each investment is determined at the time each investment is made, and such determination is reevaluated at each balance sheet date. The cost of each investment sold is determined by the specific identification method, with realized gains or losses classified in other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Investments in privately held entities are generally accounted for under the cost method when our interest in the entity is so minor that we have virtually no influence over the entity s operating and financial policies. Certain investments in privately held entities require accounting under the equity method unless our interest in the entity is deemed to be so minor that we have virtually no influence over the entity s operating and financial policies. Under the equity method of accounting, we recognize our investment initially at cost and adjust the carrying amount of the investment to recognize our share of the earnings or losses of the investee subsequent to the date of our investment. Additionally, we limit our ownership percentage in the voting stock of each individual entity to less than   10%  . As of   September 30, 2016  , and December 31,   2015  , our ownership percentage in the voting stock of each individual entity was less than   10%  . 
    
  We monitor each of our investments throughout the year for new developments, including operating results, results of clinical trials, capital-raising events, and merger and acquisition activities. Individual investments are evaluated for impairment when changes in conditions may indicate an impairment exists. The factors that we consider in making these assessments include, but are not limited to, market prices, market conditions, available financing, prospects for favorable or unfavorable clinical trial results, new product initiatives, and new collaborative agreements. If there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that might have an adverse effect on our cost method investments, we do not estimate the investment s fair value. For all of our investments, if a decline in the fair value of an investment below the carrying value is determined to be other than temporary, such investment is written down to its estimated fair value with a charge to current earnings. 

11 

2. 
    Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 

Recognition of rental revenue and tenant recoveries 
    
  Rental revenue from leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the respective lease terms. We classify amounts currently recognized as revenue, and expected to be received in later years, as deferred rent in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Amounts received currently but recognized as revenue in future years are classified in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and tenant security deposits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We commence recognition of rental revenue at the date the property is ready for its intended use and the tenant takes possession of or controls the physical use of the property. 
    
  Tenant recoveries related to reimbursement of real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, repairs and maintenance, common area expenses, and other operating expenses are recognized as revenue in the period during which the applicable expenses are incurred. 
    
  Tenant receivables consist primarily of amounts due for contractual lease payments, reimbursements of common area maintenance expenses, property taxes, and other expenses recoverable from tenants. Tenant receivables are expected to be collected within   one year  . We may maintain an allowance for estimated losses that may result from the inability of our tenants to make payments required under the terms of the lease and for tenant recoveries due. If a tenant fails to make contractual payments beyond any allowance, we may recognize additional bad debt expense in future periods equal to the amount of uncollectible tenant receivables and deferred rent arising from the straight-lining of rent. As of   September 30, 2016  , and December 31,   2015  , we had   no   allowance for uncollectible tenant receivables and deferred rent. 
    
  Monitoring tenant credit quality 
    
  During the term of each lease, we monitor the credit quality of our tenants by (i) monitoring the credit rating of tenants that are rated by a nationally recognized credit rating agency, (ii) reviewing financial statements of the tenants that are publicly available or that are required to be delivered to us pursuant to the applicable lease, (iii) monitoring news reports regarding our tenants and their respective businesses, and (iv) monitoring the timeliness of lease payments. We have a research team consisting of employees who, among them, have graduate and undergraduate degrees in biology, chemistry, and industrial biotechnology and experience in the science and technology industries, as well as in finance. Our research team is responsible for assessing and monitoring the credit quality of our tenants and any material changes in their credit quality. 
    
  Income taxes 
    
  We are organized and qualify as a REIT pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code (the  Code ). Under the Code, a REIT that distributes at least   90%   of its REIT taxable income to its shareholders annually and meets certain other conditions is not subject to federal income taxes but could be subject to certain state and local taxes. We distribute   100%   of our taxable income annually; therefore, a provision for federal income taxes is not required. In addition to our REIT returns, we file federal, state, and local tax returns for our subsidiaries. We file with jurisdictions located in the U.S., Canada, India, China, and other international locations. Our tax returns are subject to routine examination in various jurisdictions for the 2010-2015 calendar years. 
    
  Other income 
    
  The following is a summary of other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 

12 

2. 
    Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 

Recent accounting pronouncements 
    
  On January 1, 2016, we adopted an ASU that requires debt issuance costs, excluding debt issuance costs associated with a line of credit, to be classified in our consolidated balance sheet as a direct deduction from the face amount of the related debt. As a result of adopting the ASU, unamortized deferred financing costs aggregating   $30.1 million   as of January 1, 2016, were classified with the corresponding debt instrument appearing on our consolidated balance sheet, and deferred financing costs related to our unsecured senior line of credit, aggregating   $11.9 million   as of January 1, 2016, were classified in other assets. The ASU was applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The adoption of this ASU had no impact on our consolidated statements of income. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that amended the accounting for equity investments and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. The ASU requires equity investments that have a readily determinable fair value (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or that result in consolidation) to be measured at fair value, with the changes in fair value recognized in earnings. Available-for-sale equity securities that under current GAAP require the recognition of unrealized gains and losses in other comprehensive income will no longer be permitted. An election will be available to measure equity investments without a readily determinable fair value at cost less impairments, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Changes in the carrying value from this measurement will also be reported in current earnings. A cumulative-effect adjustment will be recorded to the beginning balance of retained earnings in the reporting period in which the guidance is adopted. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $28.9 million   of net unrealized gains related to our available-for-sale equity securities in publicly traded companies included in accumulated other comprehensive income in our consolidated balance sheets.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract (i.e., lessees and lessors). The ASU requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase of the leased asset by the lessee. This classification will determine whether the lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. The ASU is expected to impact our consolidated financial statements as we have certain operating ground lease arrangements for which we are the lessee. As of   September 30, 2016  , the remaining contractual payments under our ground lease agreements aggregated   $607.3 million  . Additionally, the new ASU will require that lessees and lessors capitalize, as initial direct costs, only those costs that are incurred due to the execution of a lease. Under this ASU, allocated payroll costs and other costs that are incurred regardless of whether the lease is obtained will no longer be capitalized as initial direct costs and instead will be expensed as incurred. Lessors will continue to account for leases using an approach that is substantially equivalent to existing guidance for sales-type leases, direct financing leases, and operating leases. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or modified retrospective transition method. We are currently assessing the potential impact that the adoption of the ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that further clarifies an ASU issued in 2014 on recognition of revenue arising from contracts with customers. The core principle underlying this ASU is that entities will recognize revenue to represent the transfer of goods and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in such exchange. Leases are specifically excluded from this ASU and will be governed by the applicable lease codification; however, this update may have implications in certain variable payment terms included in lease agreements and in sale and leaseback transactions. The ASU is effective for interim and annual reporting periods in fiscal years that begin after December 15, 2017. We are currently assessing the potential impact the adoption of this ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that changes the impairment model for most financial instruments by requiring companies to recognize an allowance for expected losses, rather than incurred losses as required currently by the other-than-temporary impairment model. The ASU will apply to most financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments, including trade and other receivables, loans, held-to-maturity debt securities, net investments in leases, and off-balance-sheet credit exposures (e.g., loan commitments). The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted, and will be applied as a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings as of the effective date. We are currently assessing the potential impact the adoption of this ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

13 

2. 
    Basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies (continued) 

In August 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that provides guidance on classification of cash distributions received from equity method investments, including unconsolidated joint ventures. The ASU provides two approaches to determine the classification of cash distributions received: i) the  cumulative earnings  approach, under which distributions up to the amount of cumulative equity in earnings recognized will be classified as cash inflows from operating activities, and those in excess of that amount will be classified as cash inflows from investing activities, and ii) the  nature of the distribution  approach, under which distributions will be classified based on the nature of the underlying activity that generated cash distributions. Companies will elect either the  cumulative earnings  or the  nature of the distribution  approach. Entities that elect the  nature of the distribution  approach but lack the information to apply it will apply the cumulative earnings approach as an accounting change on a retrospective basis. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted, and will be applied retrospectively (exceptions apply). During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , operating distributions received from our equity method investees aggregated approximately   $286 thousand   and were classified as cash inflows from operating activities on our consolidated statements of cash flows. We expect to continue to utilize the  nature of the distribution  approach to classify distributions from our equity method investees after the adoption of this ASU.  

14 

3. 
    Investments in real estate 
       
  Our consolidated investments in real estate consisted of the following as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Refer to  Assets located in Asia  in Note 14    Assets Classified as Held for Sale  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further information.  

Acquisitions 
    
  In June 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire One Kendall Square, a   644,771   RSF, seven-building collaborative science and technology campus located in our Cambridge urban innovation cluster submarket in Greater Boston. One Kendall Square also includes an entitled land parcel providing for a near-term ground-up development of a new   172,500   square foot building. The purchase price is   $725.0 million  , including the assumption of a   $203.0 million   secured note payable. The secured note payable has a maturity date of February 2024, and a contractual interest rate of   4.82%  .  We are in the process of obtaining approval by the lender for the assumption of the secured note payable and expect to close the One Kendall Square acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2016. The One Kendall Square acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions, and there is no assurance that the One Kendall Square acquisition will be completed, or will be completed in the time frame, on the terms or in the manner currently anticipated. Refer to  Forward Equity Sales Agreements  in Note 12    Stockholders  Equity  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
    
  In October 2016, we acquired Torrey Ridge Science Center, a   294,993   RSF, three-building collaborative life science campus located in the heart of our Torrey Pines submarket of San Diego for a purchase price of   $182.5 million  . The campus is   87.1%   occupied and we expect an initial stabilized cash yield of   6.8%   at stabilization in the first half of 2018 upon completion of near-term renewals/re-leasing of acquired below-market leases and the conversion of   75,953   RSF existing shell and office space into office/laboratory space. 
    
    We have an executed agreement for the acquisition of 88 Bluxome Street in our Mission Bay/SoMa submarket of San Francisco for a purchase price of   $140.0 million  . We are pursuing entitlements for the ground-up development of   1,070,925   RSF, which represents estimated total anticipated RSF upon completion of entitlements for construction of two office buildings in separate phases. The closing date of this acquisition may be deferred to the first quarter of 2017. Upon completion of the acquisition, the seller may lease the property for a term of one year or more depending on certain factors.  

15 

3. 
    Investments in real estate (continued) 

Investments in consolidated real estate joint ventures 
    
  In June 2016, we entered into a joint venture agreement with an institutional investor, TIAA Global Asset Management and affiliates ( TIAA ), to sell a 45% partial interest in 10290 Campus Point Drive, a   304,326   RSF redevelopment project in our University Town Center submarket of San Diego, 100% leased to Eli Lilly and Company. 
    
  The sale of a partial interest in 10290 Campus Point Drive closed on June 29, 2016. Gross proceeds received from our partner as a result of the sale of a partial interest in 10290 Campus Point Drive through   September 30, 2016  , were   $68.6 million  . We retained a controlling interest in the joint venture following the sale and, therefore, continued to consolidate this entity. As a result, we accounted for the proceeds received as an equity financing transaction. The difference of   $537 thousand   between the aggregate proceeds of   $68.6 million   received through   September 30, 2016  , and our cost basis of   $68.0 million   was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. This transaction did not qualify as a sale of real estate and did not result in purchase accounting adjustments to the carrying value. Accordingly, the carrying amounts of our partner s share of assets and liabilities are reported at historical cost. Our partner is expected to fund substantially all of the remaining costs to complete the redevelopment at 10290 Campus Point Drive and other construction costs of common areas in the campus. We expect to receive additional proceeds from our partner aggregating   $37.7 million  , which will be used to fund construction.  
    
  Additionally, in June 2016, we entered into a separate joint venture agreement with TIAA to sell a 45% partial interest in 10300 Campus Point Drive in our University Town Center submarket of San Diego, consisting of   449,759   RSF primarily leased to Celgene Corporation, Eli Lilly and Company, and The Regents of the University of California. The sale of a partial interest in 10300 Campus Point Drive is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. Total gross proceeds from this sale are estimated to be   $150.0 million   and are expected to be received primarily in the fourth quarter of 2016.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have four real estate joint ventures with TIAA, which are VIEs. Through these joint ventures, we own partial interests in the following Class A properties: (i) 225 Binney Street in our Cambridge submarket, (ii) 1500 Owens Street in our Mission Bay/SoMa submarket, (iii) 409/499 Illinois Street in our Mission Bay/SoMa submarket, and (iv) 10290 Campus Point Drive in our University Town Center submarket.  
    
  Under each of these real estate joint venture arrangements, we are the managing member and earn a fee for continuing to manage the day-to-day operations of each property and, in the case of 10290 Campus Point Drive, for managing the redevelopment construction of the project. 
    
  For each of our joint ventures with TIAA, we first evaluated the partially owned legal entity that owns the property under the variable interest model to determine whether each entity met any of the three characteristics of a VIE, which are as follows: 
    
           1) 
    The entity does not have sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. 
                
    Each joint venture has significant equity at risk to fund its activities, as the ventures are primarily capitalized by contributions from the members and could obtain, if necessary, non-recourse commercial financing arrangements on customary terms. 
       
           2) 
    The entity is established with non-substantive voting rights. 
                
    The voting rights of each joint venture require both members to approve major decisions, which results in voting rights that are disproportionate to the members  economic interest. However, the activities of each joint venture are conducted on behalf of both members, so the voting rights, while disproportionate, are substantive. 
       
           3) 
    The equity holders, as a group, lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest, as evidenced by lack of substantive kick-out rights or substantive participating rights. 
                
    The institutional investor lacks substantive kick-out rights as it may not remove us as the managing member without cause. 
                
    The institutional investor also lacks substantive participating rights as day-to-day control is vested in us as the managing member and the major decisions that require unanimous consent are primarily protective in nature. 
       
  Based on the analysis detailed in Note 2    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements, the institutional investor, as the non-managing member of each of the four joint ventures, lacks the characteristics of a controlling financial interest in each of the joint ventures because it does not have substantive kick-out rights or substantive participating rights. Therefore, the joint ventures meet the criteria to be considered VIEs and accordingly, are evaluated for consolidation under the VIE model. 
  
   16 

3. 
    Investments in real estate (continued) 

After determining that these joint ventures are VIEs, we determined that we are the primary beneficiary of each real estate joint venture, as, in our capacity as managing member, we have the power to make decisions that most significantly impact operations and economic performance of the joint ventures. In addition, through our investment in each joint venture, we have the right to receive benefits and participate in losses that can be significant to the VIEs. Based on this evaluation, we concluded that we are the primary beneficiary of each joint venture, and therefore, we consolidate each entity. 
    
  The following table aggregates the balance sheet information of our consolidated VIEs as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):  

In determining whether to aggregate the balance sheet information of our consolidated VIEs, we considered the 
  similarity of each VIE, including the primary purpose of these entities to own, manage, operate, and lease real estate properties owned by the VIEs, and the similar nature of our involvement in each VIE as a managing member. Due to the similarity of the characteristics of each VIE, we present the balance sheet information of these entities on an aggregated basis. 
    
  There are no creditors or other partners of our consolidated VIEs who have recourse to our general credit. Our maximum exposure to all our VIEs is limited to our variable interests in each VIE. 
    
  Purchase of noncontrolling interest 
    
  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we completed the purchase of the remaining outstanding noncontrolling interest in our campus at Alexandria Technology Square        in our Cambridge submarket. For additional information, refer to Note 13    Noncontrolling Interests  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

Sale of real estate assets and related impairment charges 
    
  In April 2016, we completed the sale of a   71,000   RSF R D/warehouse property, located at 16020 Industrial Drive in our Gaithersburg submarket of Maryland, for approximately   $6.4 million   at   no   gain or loss.  
    
  In May 2016, management committed to the sale of a   4.6  -acre land parcel, located at 14 Firstfield Road in our Gaithersburg submarket of Maryland and evaluated the asset under the held for sale impairment model. Accordingly, we assessed the fair value of the property and determined that the carrying value of the property exceeded its fair value. As a result, we recognized an impairment charge of   $863 thousand   in May 2016. In June 2016, we completed the sale of the property for approximately   $3.5 million   at no gain or loss. 
    
  In September 2016, we sold land parcels aggregating   1.3 acres   in our non-cluster market in North America for approximately   $5.2 million   and recognized a gain of   $90 thousand   in connection with this sale.  
    
  For information on assets held for sale and assets sold in Asia, refer to  Assets Located in Asia  in Note 14    Assets Classified as Held for Sale  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

17 

4. 
    Investments in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures 
       
  360 Longwood Avenue 
    
  We have a   27.5%   effective interest in this real estate joint venture that is currently developing a building aggregating   413,799   RSF in our Longwood Medical Area submarket of Greater Boston. The cost at completion for this real estate project is expected to be approximately   $350 million  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the joint venture had   313,407   RSF, or   76%   of the project, leased and in service. Our equity investment in this real estate joint venture was   $50.2 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . The real estate joint venture has a non-recourse, secured construction loan ( Longwood Construction Loan ) that includes the following key terms (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    We have   two  ,   one  -year options to extend the stated maturity date to April 1, 2019, subject to certain conditions. 
              (2) 
    Borrowings under the floating rate tranche have an interest rate floor equal to   5.25%  , and are subject to an interest rate cap on LIBOR of   3.50%  . 
       
  1455/1515 Third Street 
    
  We have a real estate joint venture with an affiliate of Uber Technologies, Inc. ( Uber ), for the development of   two   buildings aggregating   422,980   RSF at 1455/1515 Third Street in our Mission Bay/SoMa submarket of San Francisco. We have a   51%   interest, and Uber has a   49%   interest, in this real estate joint venture. The project is   100%   leased to Uber for a   15  -year term. Our equity investment in the real estate joint venture aggregated   $83.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  As described in Note 2    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements, we evaluate each of our unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, which are limited liability companies, using the consolidation guidance under the variable interest model first, and then under the voting model if the entity is not a VIE. We evaluated our 360 Longwood Avenue joint venture (27.5% interest held by the Company) and our 1455/1515 Third Street joint venture (51% interest held by the Company) under the variable interest model, based upon the following characteristics of a VIE: 
    
           1) 
    The entity does not have sufficient equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support. 
                
    360 Longwood Avenue     This entity has significant equity and non-recourse financing in place to fund the remainder of the development. 
                
    1455/1515 Third Street     This entity has significant equity, and non-recourse financing is available, to fund the remainder of the development. 
       
           2) 
    The entity is established with non-substantive voting rights. 
                
    360 Longwood Avenue     Our 27.5% economic interest in 360 Longwood Avenue consists of an interest in a real estate joint venture with a development partner. The joint venture with our development partner holds an interest in the property with an institutional investor. Our development partner is responsible for the day-to-day management of construction and development activities, and we are responsible for the day-to-day administrative operations of components of the property once it is placed into service following development completion. At the property level, all major decisions (including the development plan, annual budget, leasing plan, and financing plan) require approval of all three investors. Although voting rights within the structure are disproportionate to the members  economic interests, the activities of the ventures are conducted on behalf of all members, and therefore, the voting rights, while disproportionate, are substantive. 
     
   18 

4. 
    Investments in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures (continued) 

1455/1515 Third Street     We hold a 51% economic interest in this real estate joint venture, and our joint venture partner holds a 49% economic interest. However, both members are required to approve major decisions, resulting in equal voting rights. Although voting rights within the structure are disproportionate to the members  economic interests, the activities of the ventures are conducted on behalf of both members, and therefore, the voting rights, while disproportionate, are substantive. 
       
           3) 
    The equity holders, as a group, lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest, as evidenced by lack of substantive kick-out rights or substantive participating rights. 
                
    360 Longwood Avenue     The other members have significant participating rights, including the day-to-day management of development activities and the participation in decisions related to the operations of the property. 
                
    1455/1515 Third Street     Our joint venture partner has significant participating rights, including joint decision making for the design of the project, overall development costs, future potential financing and operating activities of the joint venture, and disposal of the assets held by the joint venture. 
       
  Since the joint ventures do not meet the VIE criteria, we determined that these entities do not qualify for evaluation under the VIE model. Therefore, we evaluate each of these joint ventures under the voting model. Under the voting model, we consolidate the entity if we determine that we, directly or indirectly, have greater than 50% of the voting shares and that noncontrolling equity holders do not have substantive participating rights. 
    
  For our 360 Longwood Avenue joint venture, our interest is limited to 27.5%, and since we do not have other contractual rights, we account for this joint venture under the equity method of accounting. 
    
  For our 1455/1515 Third Street joint venture, both members have substantive participating rights, and therefore, we also account for this joint venture under the equity method of accounting. 

19 

5. 
    Investments 
       
  We hold equity investments in certain publicly traded companies and investments in certain privately held entities and limited partnerships primarily involved in the science and technology industries. All of our equity investments in actively traded public companies are considered available-for-sale and are reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Our investments in privately held entities are primarily accounted for under the cost method.  
    
  Investments in available-for-sale equity securities with gross unrealized losses as of   September 30, 2016  , had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for less than 12 months. We have the ability and intent to hold these investments for a reasonable period of time sufficient for the recovery of our investment. We believe that these unrealized losses are temporary. Accordingly, there are no other-than-temporary impairments in accumulated other comprehensive income related to available-for-sale equity securities as of   September 30, 2016  , or December 31,   2015  . 
    
  The following table summarizes our investments as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

We periodically assess our investments in privately held companies accounted for under the cost method for other-than-temporary impairment. If a decline in the fair value of an investment below the carrying value is determined to be other than temporary, such investment is written down to its estimated fair value with a charge to current earnings. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we determined there was an other-than-temporary impairment on certain of our cost method investments and wrote the investment down to fair value. The impairment charge is included in the investment losses for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , presented in the table below, which outlines the components of our   investment income   classified within other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of income (in thousands): 

20 

6.  
    Other assets 
       
  The following table summarizes the components of other assets   as of September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

(1)  
    Includes a $60.0 million deposit for the acquisition of One Kendall Square located in our Cambridge urban innovation cluster submarket of Greater Boston. 

21 

7. 
    Fair value measurements 
       
  We are required to disclose fair value information about all financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. We measure and disclose the estimated fair value of financial assets and liabilities utilizing a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity and the reporting entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions. This hierarchy consists of three broad levels, as follows: (i) quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, (ii) significant other observable inputs, and (iii) significant unobservable inputs. Significant other observable inputs can include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, as well as inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. Significant unobservable inputs are typically based on an entity s own assumptions, since there is little, if any, related market activity. In instances in which the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. There were   no   transfers between the levels in the fair value hierarchy during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  The following tables set forth the assets and liabilities that we measure at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):  

The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, tenant receivables, other assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses, and tenant security deposits approximate fair value. Our available-for-sale equity securities and our interest rate hedge agreements have been recognized at fair value. Refer to Note 5    Investments  and Note 9    Interest Rate Hedge Agreements  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further details. The fair values of our secured notes payable, unsecured senior notes payable, $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, and unsecured senior bank term loans were estimated using widely accepted valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analyses using significant other observable inputs such as available market information on discount and borrowing rates with similar terms, maturities, and credit ratings. Because the valuations of our financial instruments are based on these types of estimates, the actual fair value of our financial instruments may differ materially if our estimates do not prove to be accurate. Additionally, the use of different market assumptions or estimation methods may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 

22 

7. 
    Fair value measurements (continued) 

As of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , the book and estimated fair values of our available-for-sale equity securities, interest rate hedge agreements, secured notes payable, unsecured senior notes payable, $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, and unsecured senior bank term loans were as follows (in thousands): 

Nonrecurring fair value measurements 
    
  Refer to  Assets Located in Asia  in Note 14    Assets Classified as Held for Sale  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

8. 
    Secured and unsecured senior debt 
       
  The following table summarizes our secured and unsecured senior debt as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    See footnote 1 on the page   24   for additional information on weighted-average interest rate.  
     
   23 

8. 
    Secured and unsecured senior debt (continued) 

The following table summarizes our outstanding indebtedness and respective principal payments as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    Represents the weighted-average interest rate as of the end of the applicable period, plus the impact of debt premiums/discounts, interest rate hedge agreements, and deferred financing costs.  
              (2) 
    Reflects any extension options that we control. 
               (4) 
    Refer to  Secured Construction Loans  in Note 8    Secured and Unsecured Senior Debt  for options to extend maturity dates. 
              (5) 
    Our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit contains a feature that allows lenders to competitively bid on the interest rate for borrowings under the facility. This may result in an interest rate that is below the stated rate. In addition to the cost of borrowing, the facility is subject to an annual facility fee of   0.20%  , based on the aggregate commitments. Unamortized deferred financing costs related to our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit are classified in other assets and are excluded from the calculation of the weighted-average interest rate.  
     
   24 

8. 
    Secured and unsecured senior debt (continued) 

3.95% Unsecured senior notes payable 
       
  In June 2016, we completed a   $350.0 million   public offering of our unsecured senior notes payable due on   January 15, 2027  , at a stated interest rate of   3.95%  . The unsecured senior notes payable are unsecured obligations of the Company and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a 100% owned subsidiary of the Company. The unsecured senior notes payable rank equally in right of payment with all other unsecured senior indebtedness. However, the unsecured senior notes payable are subordinate to existing and future mortgages and other secured indebtedness (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness) and to all existing and future preferred equity and liabilities, whether secured or unsecured, of the Company s subsidiaries, other than Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P. We used the net proceeds, after discounts and issuance costs, of   $344.7 million   to repay outstanding principal borrowings under our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit. 

Amendment of unsecured senior line of credit and unsecured senior bank term loans 
    
  On July 29, 2016, we amended our unsecured senior line of credit (the  Amended Credit Agreement ) and recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of approximately   $2.4 million   related to the write-off of unamortized loan fees. The key changes are summarized below:  

(1)    Includes   two  ,   six  -months options to extend from the stated maturity date of October 29, 2020, subject to certain conditions. 
    
  In addition, on July 29, 2016, we completed a partial principal repayment of   $200 million   of our 2019 Unsecured Senior Bank Term Loan reducing the total outstanding balance from   $600 million   to   $400 million  , and recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of   $869 thousand   related to the write-off of unamortized loan fees. 

Interest expense 
    
  The following table summarizes interest expense for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 

Repayment of secured notes payable 
       
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we repaid   five   secured notes payable aggregating   $231.0 million   with a weighted-average effective interest rate of   5.29%  . 

25 

8. 
    Secured and unsecured senior debt (continued) 

Secured construction loans 
    
  The following table summarizes our secured construction loans   as of September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    We have   two  ,   one  -year options to extend the stated maturity date to January 28, 2021, subject to certain conditions. 
              (2) 
    Refer to Note 9    Interest Rate Hedge Agreements  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further information. 
              (3) 
    We have   two  ,   one  -year options to extend the stated maturity date to April 20, 2021, subject to certain conditions. 

9. 
    Interest rate hedge agreements 
       
  We use interest rate derivatives to hedge the variable cash flows associated with certain of our existing LIBOR-based variable-rate debt, including our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, unsecured senior bank term loans, and secured notes payable, and to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility. Our derivative instruments include interest rate swaps and interest rate caps. 
    
  In our interest rate hedge agreements, the ineffective portion of the change in fair value is required to be recognized directly in earnings. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our interest rate hedge agreements were   100%   effective; as a result,   no   hedge ineffectiveness was recognized in earnings. Changes in fair value, including accrued interest and adjustments for non-performance risk, on the effective portion of our interest rate hedge agreements that are designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges are classified in accumulated other comprehensive income. Amounts classified in accumulated other comprehensive income are subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. During the next 12 months, we expect to reclassify approximately   $5.2 million   in accumulated other comprehensive income to earnings as an increase to interest expense. As of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , the fair values of our interest rate swap and cap agreements aggregating an asset balance were classified in other assets, and the fair value of our interest rate swap agreements aggregating a liability balance were classified in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and tenant security deposits, based upon their respective fair values, without any offsetting pursuant to master netting agreements. Refer to Note 7    Fair Value Measurements  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further details. Under our interest rate hedge agreements, we have   no   collateral posting requirements. 
    
  The Company has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision wherein (i) the Company could be declared in default on its derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to the Company s default on the indebtedness; or (ii) if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. If the Company had breached any of these provisions as of   September 30, 2016  , it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value of   $7.5 million  . 

26 

9. 
    Interest rate hedge agreements (continued) 

We had the following outstanding interest rate hedge agreements that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    In addition to the interest pay rate for each swap agreement, interest is payable at an applicable margin over LIBOR for borrowings outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  , as listed under the column heading  Stated Rate  in our summary table of outstanding indebtedness and respective principal payments under Note 8     Secured and Unsecured Senior Debt  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
              (2) 
    This total represents the net of the fair value of interest rate hedges in a liability position of   $7.7 million   and fair value of interest rate hedges in an asset position of   $180 thousand  . Refer to Note 7    Fair Value Measurements  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further information. 

10.  
    Accounts payable, accrued expenses, and tenant security deposits 
       
  The following table summarizes the components of accounts payable, accrued expenses, and tenant security deposits as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

Some of our properties may contain asbestos, which, under certain conditions, requires remediation. Although we believe that the asbestos is appropriately contained in accordance with environmental regulations, our practice is to remediate the asbestos upon the development or redevelopment of the affected property. We recognize a liability for the fair value of a conditional asset retirement obligation (including asbestos) when the fair value of the liability can be reasonably estimated. In addition, for certain properties, we have not recognized an asset retirement obligation when there is an indeterminate settlement date for the obligation because the period in which we may remediate the obligation may not be estimated with any level of precision to provide for a meaningful estimate of the retirement obligation. These conditional asset retirement obligations are included in the table above. 

27 

We use income from continuing operations attributable to Alexandria s common stockholders as the  control number  in determining whether potential common shares are dilutive or antidilutive to EPS. Pursuant to the presentation and disclosure literature on gains or losses on sales or disposals by REITs and EPS required by the SEC and the FASB, gains or losses on sales or disposals by a REIT that do not qualify as discontinued operations are classified below income from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of income and included in the numerator for the computation of EPS for income from continuing operations. 
    
  In July 2016, we executed an offering, subject to forward equity sales agreements, to sell an aggregate of   7.5 million   shares of common stock, including   975,000   shares sold pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares of our common stock, at a public offering price of   $101.00   per share, subject to customary contractual price adjustments. Net proceeds, after issuance costs and underwriters  discount, of   $724.0 million  , will be further adjusted as provided in the forward equity sales agreements. The forward equity sales agreements allowed us to lock in the price of the shares (subject to certain adjustments) to fund the pending acquisition of One Kendall Square. We expect to settle the forward equity sales agreements by issuing the common stock in the fourth quarter of 2016 after obtaining approval by the lender to assume the One Kendall Square loan and completing the acquisition of One Kendall Square. Refer to  Acquisitions  in Note 3    Investments in Real Estate  and   Forward Equity Sales Agreements  in Note 12    Stockholders  Equity  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion.  
    
  Weighted average shares outstanding   diluted used in computation of EPS for the   three months ended September 30, 2016    include shares from the assumed issuance of   7.5 million   shares pursuant to the settlement of the forward equity sales agreements at the contractual price, less assumed repurchase of common shares at the average market price using the net proceeds of   $724.0 million   from the forward equity sales agreements. The impact to our weighted average shares   diluted for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   751 thousand   weighted average incremental shares. Conversely, these shares were not included in the calculation of diluted EPS for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as the Company had a net loss during that period and, therefore, the effect of the forward equity sales agreements was antidilutive. For purposes of calculating diluted EPS, we did not assume conversion of our 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , since the impact was antidilutive to EPS attributable to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. s common stockholders from continuing operations during those periods. Our 6.45% Series E cumulative redeemable preferred stock is not convertible to common stock and, therefore, is not dilutive.  
    
  We account for unvested restricted stock awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends as participating securities and include these securities in the computation of EPS using the two-class method. Our   7.00%   Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock and forward equity sales agreements are not participating securities, and are not included in the computation of EPS using the two-class method. Under the two-class method, we allocate net income after preferred stock dividends, preferred stock redemption charge, and amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests to common stockholders and unvested restricted stock awards based on their respective participation rights to dividends declared (or accumulated) and undistributed earnings.  

28 

11. 
    Earnings per share (continued) 

The table below is a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted EPS computations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

12. 
    Stockholders  equity 
       
   At the market  common stock offering program 
    
  During the six months ended June 30, 2016, we completed our  at the market  common stock offering program that was established in December 2015, which allowed us to sell up to an aggregate of   $450.0 million   of our common stock. In December 2015, we sold an aggregate of   832,982   shares of common stock for a gross proceeds of   $75.0 million  , or   $90.04   per share, and net proceeds of approximately   $73.4 million  . During the six months ended June 30, 2016, we sold an aggregate of   3.9 million   shares of common stock for gross proceeds of   $374.3 million  , or   $94.80   per share, and net proceeds of approximately   $367.8 million  . We used the proceeds from the sales initially to reduce amounts outstanding under our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit. As of September 30, 2016, there was no remaining availability under our  at the market  program.  
           
  In October 2016, we established a new  at the market  common stock offering program, which allows us to sell up to an aggregate of   $600.0 million   of our common stock. In October 2016, we sold an aggregate of   1.4 million   shares of common stock for gross proceeds of   $150.0 million  , or   $104.28   per share, and net proceeds of approximately   $147.7 million  . 

29 

12. 
    Stockholders  equity (continued) 

Forward equity sales agreements    
    
  In July 2016, we executed an offering, subject to forward equity sales agreements, to sell an aggregate of   7.5 million   shares of common stock, including   975,000   shares sold pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares of our common stock, at a public offering price of   $101.00   per share. Net proceeds, after issuance costs and underwriters  discount, of   $724.0 million  , will be further adjusted as provided in the forward equity sales agreements. The forward equity sales agreements allowed us to lock in the price of the shares (subject to certain adjustments) to fund the pending acquisition of One Kendall Square. Settlement may be (i) physical delivery of shares of our common stock for cash, (ii) net cash settlement, whereby we will either pay or receive the difference between the forward contract price and the weighted average market price for our common stock at the time of settlement, or (iii) net share settlement, whereby we will either receive or issue shares of our common stock, with the number of shares issued or received determined by the difference between the forward contract price and the weighted average market price for its common stock at the time of settlement. The forward contract price will be determined under the applicable terms of the forward contract. 
    
  Under either of the net settlement provisions, we will pay to the counterparty either cash or shares of common stock when the weighted average market price of our common stock at the time of settlement exceeds the forward contract price, and will receive either cash or shares of common stock to the extent that the weighted average market price of our common stock at the time of settlement is less than the price under the forward contract. Subject to our contractual right to elect cash or net share settlement, we expect to settle the forward equity sales agreements by issuing the common stock after obtaining approval by the lender to assume the One Kendall Square loan and completing the acquisition of One Kendall Square. Refer to  Acquisitions  in Note 3    Investments in Real Estate  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
    
  7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock redemption 
    
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   1.1 million   outstanding shares of our 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock at an aggregate price of   $39.3 million  , or   $36.31   per share. We recognized a preferred stock redemption charge of   $13.1 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , including the write-off of original issuance costs of approximately   $845 thousand  .  
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   3.0 million   outstanding shares of our 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock at an aggregate price of   $98.6 million  , or   $32.72   per share. We recognized a preferred stock redemption charge of   $25.6 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , including the write-off of original issuance costs of approximately   $2.4 million  .  
    
  In October 2016, we repurchased   1.5 million   shares of our 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock at an aggregate price of   $52.8 million  , or   $36.07   per share. As of October 31, 2016 the par value of our 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock outstanding was   $125.2 million  . 
    
  Dividends 
    
  In September 2016, we declared cash dividends on our common stock for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , aggregating   $62.4 million  , or   $0.80   per share. Also in September 2016, we declared cash dividends on our 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , aggregating approximately   $2.8 million  , or   $0.4375   per share. Additionally, we declared cash dividends on our 6.45% Series E cumulative redeemable preferred stock for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , aggregating approximately   $2.1 million  , or   $0.403125   per share. In October 2016, we paid the cash dividends on our common stock, 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock, and 6.45% Series E cumulative redeemable preferred stock for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  
   30 

12. 
    Stockholders  equity (continued) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
    
  Accumulated other comprehensive income attributable to Alexandria consists of the following (in thousands): 

Preferred stock and excess stock authorizations 
    
  Our charter authorizes the issuance of up to   100.0 million   shares of preferred stock, of which   11.7 million   shares were issued and outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . In addition,   200.0 million   shares of  excess stock  (as defined in our charter) are authorized,   none   of which were issued and outstanding as of   September 30, 2016  . 

31 

13. 
    Noncontrolling interests  
       
  Noncontrolling interests represent the third-party interests in certain entities in which we have a controlling interest. These entities owned   nine   projects as of   September 30, 2016  , and are included in our consolidated financial statements. Noncontrolling interests are adjusted for additional contributions and distributions, the proportionate share of the net earnings or losses, and other comprehensive income or loss. Distributions, profits, and losses related to these entities are allocated in accordance with the respective operating agreements. 
    
  During the three months ended March 31, 2015, we executed an agreement to purchase the outstanding   10%   noncontrolling interest in our   1.2 million   RSF campus at Alexandria Technology Square        in our Cambridge submarket for   $108.3 million  . The first installment of   $54.3 million   was paid on April 1, 2015, and the second installment of   $54.0 million   was paid on April 1, 2016.  
    
  In June 2016, we sold a partial interest in 10290 Campus Point Drive. As described in Note 3    Investments in Real Estate  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements, since we retained a controlling interest in the joint venture following the sale and continued to consolidate this entity, we accounted for the proceeds received as an equity financing transaction. The difference of   $537 thousand   between the aggregate proceeds of approximately   $68.6 million   received through   September 30, 2016   and our cost basis of   $68.0 million   was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. This transaction did not qualify as a sale of real estate and did not result in purchase accounting adjustments to the carrying value. Accordingly, the carrying amounts of our partner s share of assets and liabilities are reported at historical cost. 
    
  Certain of our noncontrolling interests have the right to require us to redeem their ownership interests in the respective entities. We classify these ownership interests in the entities as redeemable noncontrolling interests outside of total equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Redeemable noncontrolling interests are adjusted for additional contributions and distributions, the proportionate share of the net earnings or losses, and other comprehensive income or loss. If the amount of a redeemable noncontrolling interest is less than the maximum redemption value at the balance sheet date, such amount is adjusted to the maximum redemption value. Subsequent declines in the redemption value are recognized only to the extent that previous increases have been recognized.  
    
  The following table represents income from continuing operations and discontinued operations attributable to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and 2015, excluding the amounts attributable to these noncontrolling interests (in thousands): 

32 

14. 
    Assets classified as held for sale 
       
  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   two   operating properties in North America with an aggregate   90,690   RSF and all our operating properties and land parcels located in Asia were classified as held for sale, none of which met the criteria for classification as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the results of operations include properties sold subsequent to January 1, 2015, including   two   properties with an aggregate   153,874   RSF and three land parcels. For additional information, refer to Note 2    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  to these unaudited consolidated financial statements.  
    
  Assets located in North America 
    
  The following is a summary of net assets held for sale in North America as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

The following is a summary of operating information of our real estate investments in North America classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , and real estate investments in North America sold subsequent to January 1, 2015 (in thousands):  

Assets located in Asia 
    
  On March 31, 2016, we evaluated   two   separate potential transactions to sell land parcels in our India submarket aggregating   28   acres. We determined that these land parcels met the criteria for classification as held for sale as of March 31, 2016, including among others, the following: (i) management having the authority committed to sell the real estate, and (ii) the sale was probable within one year. Upon classification as held for sale, we recognized an impairment charge of   $29.0 million   to lower the carrying amount of the real estate to its estimated fair value less cost to sell of approximately   $10.2 million  . In determining the carrying amount for evaluating the real estate for impairment, we considered our net book value, costs to sell, and a   $10.6 million   cumulative foreign currency translation loss. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we sold these   two   land parcels for an aggregate sales price of   $12.8 million   at   no   gain or loss. 
    
  On April 22, 2016, we decided to monetize our remaining real estate investments located in Asia in order to invest capital into our highly leased value-creation pipeline. We determined that these investments met the criteria for classification as held for sale when we achieved the following, among other criteria: (i) committed to sell all of our real estate investments in Asia, (ii) obtained approval from our Board of Directors, and (iii) determined that the sale of each property/land parcel was probable within one year. During the three months ended June 30, 2016, we recognized an impairment charge of   $154.1 million   related to our remaining real estate investments located in Asia, to lower the carrying costs of the real estate to its estimated fair value less costs to sell. In determining the carrying amount for evaluating the real estate for impairment, we considered our net book value, costs to sell, and a   $40.2 million   cumulative foreign currency translation loss. 
  
   33 

14. 
    Assets classified as held for sale (continued) 

As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   eight   operating properties aggregating   1.2 million   RSF and land parcels aggregating   168 acres   remaining in Asia, which continued to meet the classification as held for sale. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we updated our assumptions of fair value for the remaining real estate investments located in Asia and, as a result, we recognized an additional impairment charge of   $7.3 million  .  
    
  The following is a summary of completed and remaining dispositions of our real estate investments in Asia as of   September 30, 2016  . We expect to complete the transactions of our remaining real estate investments in Asia over the next several quarters and to recover our remaining net book value, after disposition costs, from sales of the remaining real estate investments located in Asia classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  .  

(1) 
    Remaining assets held for sale consist of   two   operating properties located in China and   two   land parcels in India.  
       
  The fair value considered in our impairment of each investment was determined based on the following: (i) preliminary non-binding letters of intent, (ii) significant other observable inputs, including the consideration of certain local government land acquisition programs, and (iii) discounted cash flow analyses.  
    
  We evaluated whether our real estate investments in Asia met the criteria for classification as discontinued operations, including, among others, (i) if the properties meet the held for sale criteria, and (ii) if the sale of these assets represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. In our assessment, we considered, among other factors, that our total revenue from properties located in Asia was approximately   1.5%   of our total consolidated revenues. At the time of evaluation, we also noted total assets related to our investment in Asia were approximately   2.5%   of our total assets. Consequently, we concluded that the monetization of our real estate investments in Asia did not represent a strategic shift that would have a major effect in our operations and financial results and, therefore, did not meet the criteria for classification as discontinued operations. 
    
  The following is a summary of net assets of our real estate investments in Asia that were classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Represents cumulative foreign currency translation losses related to our real estate investments located in Asia. 

34 

14. 
    Assets classified as held for sale (continued) 

The following is a summary of operating information of our real estate investments in Asia, including, (i)   eight   operating properties aggregating     1.2 million   RSF and land parcels aggregating   168 acres   that were classified as held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , and (ii)   two   land parcels and a development project in India that were sold subsequent to January 1, 2015, for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

In October 2016, we acquired the Torrey Ridge Science Center, a   294,993   RSF, three-building collaborative life science campus located in the heart of our Torrey Pines submarket of San Diego, for a purchase price of   $182.5 million  . The campus is   87.1%   occupied and we expect an initial stabilized cash yield of   6.8%   at stabilization in the first half of 2018 upon completion of near-term renewals/re-leasing of acquired below-market leases and the conversion of   75,953   RSF existing shell and office space into office/laboratory space.  
    
  In October 2016, we repurchased   1.5 million   shares of our 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock at an aggregate price of   $52.8 million  , or   $36.07   per share. As of October 31, 2016 the par value of 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock outstanding was   $125.2 million  . 
    
  In October 2016, we established a new  at the market  common stock offering program, which allows us to sell up to an aggregate of   $600.0 million   of our common stock. Under this program, we sold an aggregate of   1.4 million   shares of common stock for gross proceeds of   $150.0 million  , or   $104.28   per share, and net proceeds of approximately   $147.7 million  . 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information 
       
  Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. (the  Issuer ) has sold certain debt securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P. (the  LP  or the  Guarantor Subsidiary ), an indirectly 100% owned subsidiary of the Issuer. The Company s other subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, the subsidiaries that own substantially all of its real estate (collectively, the  Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries ), will not provide a guarantee of such securities, including the subsidiaries that are partially or 100% owned by the LP. The following condensed consolidating financial information presents the condensed consolidating balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the condensed consolidating statements of income and comprehensive income for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the condensed consolidating statements of cash flows for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , for the Issuer, the Guarantor Subsidiary, and the Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries, as well as the eliminations necessary to arrive at the information for Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., on a consolidated basis, and consolidated amounts. In presenting the condensed consolidating financial statements, the equity method of accounting has been applied to (i) the Issuer s interests in the Guarantor Subsidiary and the Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries, (ii) the Guarantor Subsidiary s interests in the Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries, and (iii) the Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries  interests in the Guarantor Subsidiary, where applicable, even though all such subsidiaries meet the requirements to be consolidated under GAAP. All intercompany balances and transactions between the Issuer, the Guarantor Subsidiary, and the Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries have been eliminated, as shown in the column  Eliminations.  All assets and liabilities have been allocated to the Issuer, the Guarantor Subsidiary, and the Combined Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries generally based on legal entity ownership. 

35 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 
  as of   September 30, 2016    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

36 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet 
  as of   December 31, 2015    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

37 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income 
  for the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

38 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income 
  for the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

39 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income 
  for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

40 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income 
  for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

41 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income 
  for the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

42 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income 
  for the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

43 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income 
  for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

44 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Comprehensive Income 
  for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

45 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
  for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

46 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows (continued) 
  for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

47 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows 
  for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

48 

16. 
    Condensed consolidating financial information (continued) 

Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows (continued) 
  for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    
  (In thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

49 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Certain information and statements included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, statements containing the words  forecast,   guidance,   projects,   estimates,   anticipates,   believes,   expects,   intends,   may,   plans,   seeks,   should,  or  will,  or the negative of these words or similar words, constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties regarding events, conditions, and financial trends that may affect our future plans of operations, business strategy, results of operations, and financial position. A number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those included within or contemplated by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: 

Operating factors such as a failure to operate our business successfully in comparison to market expectations or in comparison to our competitors, our inability to obtain capital when desired or refinance debt maturities when desired, and/or a failure to maintain our status as a REIT for federal tax purposes. 
                
    Market and industry factors such as adverse developments concerning the science and technology industries and/or our tenants. 
                
    Government factors such as any unfavorable effects resulting from federal, state, local, and/or foreign government policies, laws, and/or funding levels. 
                
    Global factors such as negative economic, political, financial, credit market, and/or banking conditions. 
                
    Other factors such as climate change, cyber intrusions, and/or changes in laws, regulations, and financial accounting standards. 
       
  This list of risks and uncertainties is not exhaustive. Additional information regarding risk factors that may affect us is included under  Item 1A. Risk Factors  and  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . Readers of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q should also read our other documents filed publicly with the SEC for further discussion regarding such factors. 

50 

Overview 
    
    We are a Maryland corporation formed in October 1994 that has elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes.   We are an urban office REIT uniquely focused on world-class collaborative science and technology campuses in AAA innovation cluster locations with a total market capitalization of   $13.0 billion   and an asset base in North America of   24.5 million   square feet as of   September 30, 2016  . The asset base in North America includes   18.8 million   RSF of operating properties and development and redevelopment projects (under construction or pre-construction) and   5.7 million   square feet of future ground-up development projects. Alexandria pioneered this niche in 1994 and has since established a significant market presence in key locations, including Greater Boston, San Francisco, New York City, San Diego, Seattle, Maryland, and Research Triangle Park. Alexandria is known for our high-quality and diverse tenant base, with   54%   of our total annualized base rent as of   September 30, 2016  , generated from investment-grade tenants. Among our top 20 tenants,   78%   of our total annualized base rent as of   September 30, 2016   was generated from investment-grade tenants. Alexandria has a longstanding and proven track record of developing Class A properties clustered in urban science and technology campuses that provide its innovative tenants with highly dynamic and collaborative environments that enhance their ability to successfully recruit and retain world-class talent and inspire productivity, efficiency, creativity, and success. We believe these advantages result in higher occupancy levels, longer lease terms, higher rental income, higher returns, and greater long-term asset value. 
    
  Our primary business objective is to maximize stockholder value by providing our stockholders with the greatest possible total return and long-term asset value based on a multifaceted platform of internal and external growth. A key element of our strategy is our unique focus on Class A propertes clustered in urban campuses. These key urban campus locations are characterized by high barriers to entry for new landlords, high barriers to exit for tenants, and a limited supply of available space. They represent highly desirable locations for tenancy by science and technology entities because of their close proximity to concentrations of specialized skills, knowledge, institutions, and related businesses. Our strategy also includes drawing upon our deep and broad real estate, science, and technology relationships in order to identify and attract new and leading tenants and to source additional value-creation real estate opportunities. 

Executive summary 
    
  Key highlights: 
    
  Solid internal growth 
              
    Executed leases for   683,307   RSF during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , solid leasing activity in light of minimal contractual lease expirations at the beginning of 2016 and a highly leased value-creation pipeline; 
          
  Solid external growth; disciplined allocation of capital to visible, multiyear, highly leased value-creation pipeline 
             
    Deliveries of Class A properties in urban innovation clusters from our value-creation pipeline will increase net operating income by 35% over 2015: 

51 

Key development and redevelopment projects placed into service during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  : 
                 
    59,783   RSF to Editas Medicine, Inc. at 11 Hurley Street; improvement of initial stabilized cash yield to   8.8%   from 7.9% as initially disclosed; 
                
    Improvement of our initial yields on the deliveries above primarily due to significant reduction in total project costs. 
       
  Increased common stock dividend 
             
    Common stock dividend for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , of   $0.80   per common share, up   three cents  , or   4%  , over the   three months ended September 30, 2015  ; continuation of our strategy to share growth in cash flows from operating activities with our stockholders, while also retaining a significant portion for reinvestment. 
       
  Per share results 

(1)  
    Refer to the  Non-GAAP Measures  section within this Item 2 for a description of weighted-average shares   diluted. 

52 

Core operating metrics 

Percentage of annualized base rent from investment-grade tenants as of   September 30, 2016  : 
                   
    Solid leasing activity, in light of minimal contractual lease expirations at the beginning of 2016 and a highly leased value-creation pipeline: 

Same property net operating income growth: 
            
  External growth 
    
  Disciplined allocation of capital to value-creation pipeline  
             
    See  Key Highlights  of the  Executive Summary  within this Item 2 for information. 
       
  Timely funded strategic acquisition 
             
    In June 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire One Kendall Square, a   644,771   RSF,   98.5%   occupied,     seven-building collaborative science and technology campus in the east of our Cambridge urban innovation cluster submarket. The purchase price is   $725.0 million  , including the assumption of a   $203.0 million   secured note payable. We expect to obtain approval by the lender for the loan assumption and complete this acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2016. The acquisition is expected to be funded by our forward equity sales agreements through the issuance of   7.5 million   shares of our common stock. See below for additional information. 
                
    This acquisition provides us with a significant opportunity to increase cash flows: 
                
    $47/RSF average below-market in-place annual rents (mix of office gross rents and lab triple net rents); 
                 
    Conversion of significant portion of campus office space into office/laboratory space through redevelopment; and 
                
    Entitled land parcel for near-term ground-up development of an additional building aggregating   172,500   square feet. 
       
  Balance sheet 
    
  Improvement in balance sheet leverage and liquidity 
               
    Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA 
        Third quarter of 2016   annualized:   6.8x  ; 12 months ended   September 30, 2016  :   7.1x 
     Target fourth quarter of 2016 annualized target range:   5.9x to 6.3x 
     Goal: less than   6.0x  ; 
               
    Repurchased   1.1 million   shares of our 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock at an aggregate price of   $39.3 million  , or   $36.31   per share, and recognized a preferred stock redemption charge of   $13.1 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  ; 
     
   53 

Executed an offering, subject to forward equity sales agreements, to sell an aggregate of     7.5 million   shares of common stock, including   975,000   shares sold pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares of our common stock, at a public offering price of   $101.00   per share, subject to customary contractual price adjustments. Net proceeds, after issuance costs and underwriters  discount, of   $724.0 million  , will be further adjusted as provided in the forward equity sales agreements.   W  e expect to settle the forward sales agreements and receive proceeds from the common stock offering after the closing of One Kendall Square. Proceeds from this offering will be used to fund the acquisition of One Kendall Square located in East Cambridge, lower net debt to adjusted EBITDA by 0.3x, and fund construction; 
                
    Raised   $323.7 million   from (i) dispositions completed and under contract for   $217.5 million  , and (ii) commitment from our joint venture partner to fund construction primarily in 2016 aggregating   $106.3 million   related to the completed sale of a partial interest in 10290 Campus Point Drive. Refer to  Real Estate Asset Sales  within this Item 2 of this report for additional information; 
                
    Amended our unsecured senior line of credit and recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of   $2.4 million   related to the write-off of unamortized loan fees. Key changes are summarized below: 

Completed a partial principal repayment of   $200 million   of our 2019 Unsecured Senior Bank Term Loan, reducing the total outstanding balance from   $600 million   to   $400 million  , and recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of   $869 thousand   related to the write-off of unamortized loan fees during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  ;  
                
    Executed   two   forward interest rate swap agreements, with notional aggregating   $200 million   at a fixed pay rate of   0.95%  , that are effective on   March 29, 2018  ; 
                
    Limited debt maturities through 2018 and well-laddered maturity profile; 
         
  LEED certifications 

57%   of total annualized base rent expected from Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ) certified projects upon completion of in-process projects. 
       
  Subsequent events in October 2016 

Acquired the Torrey Ridge Science Center, a   294,993   RSF, three-building collaborative life science campus located in the heart of our Torrey Pines submarket of San Diego, for a purchase price of   $182.5 million  . The campus is   87.1%   occupied, and we expect to achieve an initial stabilized yield (cash basis) of   6.8%   at stabilization in the first half of 2018 upon completion of near-term renewals/re-leasing of acquired below-market leases and the conversion of   75,953   RSF existing shell and office space into office/laboratory space. 
                 
    Filed an  at the market  common stock offering program, which allows us to sell up to an aggregate of   $600.0 million   of our common stock. Under this program, we sold an aggregate of   1.4 million   shares of common stock for gross proceeds of   $150.0 million  , or   $104.28   per share, and net proceeds of approximately   $147.7 million  . 

54 

Operating summary 

Key real estate statistics 
    
  The following table presents information regarding our asset base, including unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  : 

Leasing 

Executed a total of   127   leases, with a weighted-average lease term of   5.7 years  , for   1,888,691   RSF, including   200,041   RSF related to our development and redevelopment projects during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , solid leasing activity in light of minimal contractual lease expirations at the beginning of 2016 and a highly leased value-creation pipeline; 
         
  Approximately   66%   of the   127   leases executed during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , did not include concessions for free rent. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we granted tenant concessions/free rent averaging   1.5   months with respect to the   1,888,691   RSF leased. 

55 

The following table summarizes our leasing activity at our properties:    

Leasing activity includes 100% of results for properties managed by us. Refer to the  Non-GAAP Measures  section within this Item 2 for a description of the basis used to compute the measures above. 

56 

Summary of contractual lease expirations 
       
  The following table summarizes information with respect to the contractual lease expirations at our properties in North America as of   September 30, 2016  : 

The following tables present information by market with respect to our lease expirations in North America as of   September 30, 2016  , for the remainder of 2016 and all of 2017: 

(2) 
    Includes   125,409   RSF leased to Eli Lilly and Company at 10300 Campus Point Drive with a contractual expiration in the fourth quarter of 2016. This tenant will relocate and expand into   304,326   RSF at our recently acquired redevelopment project at 10290 Campus Point Drive. We are in the process of evaluating the potential redevelopment of the   125,409   RSF upon rollover, which would include a conversion of a portion of the space from office to laboratory and a conversion from single-tenant space to multi-tenant space. 
       
   57 

Cash Flows from High-Quality, Diversified, and Innovative Tenants 

Top 20 Tenants 
           Annualized Base Rent from Investment-Grade Tenants 
      
    Long Remaining Lease Term 
           78% 
      
    8.6 Years 

All Tenants  
           Total Annualized Base Rent from Investment-Grade Tenants 
           54% 
             
           High-Quality Tenant Base 

(1) 
    Office and tech office space represent   2.7%   and   0.6%   of total annualized base rent, respectively. 

58 

High-Quality Cash Flows from Class A Properties in AAA Locations 

Key Locations 
      Class A Properties in  
  AAA Locations 
    
      77% 
      of ARE s Total Annualized Base Rent 
        
    % of ARE s Total Annualized Base Rent 
      Solid Demand for Class A Properties 
  in AAA Locations Drives Solid Occupancy 

Occupancy of Operating Properties Across Key Locations as of September 30, 2016 
      Solid Historical 
  Occupancy    (1)  
    
      95% 
      Over 10 Years 

59 

Locations of properties in North America 
    
  The locations of our properties are diversified among a number of science and technology cluster markets. The following table sets forth, as of   September 30, 2016  , the total RSF, number of properties, and annualized base rent in North America of our properties by market (dollars in thousands, except per RSF amounts): 

RSF, number of properties, and annualized base rent amounts include 100% of the properties managed by us in North America.  
    
  Summary of occupancy percentages in North America 
    
  The following table sets forth the occupancy percentages for our operating assets and our assets under redevelopment in each of our North America markets as of the following dates: 

Occupancy includes 100% of the properties managed by us in North America.  

60 

Tenants 
  Top 20 Tenants:   78%   of Annualized Base Rent from Investment-Grade Tenants 
    
  Our properties are leased to a high-quality and diverse group of tenants, with no individual tenant accounting for more than   4.6%   of our annualized base rent. The following table sets forth information regarding leases with our 20 largest tenants in North America based upon annualized base rent as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

Annualized base rent and RSF amounts include 100% of the properties managed by us in North America.  
    
           (1) 
    Based on percentage of aggregate annualized base rent in effect   as of September 30, 2016  . 
              (2) 
    IBM Watson Health, a digital health venture of IBM, currently subleases   163,186   RSF at 75 Binney Street with an initial lease term of 10 years. IBM holds investment-grade ratings of Aa3 (Moody s) and AA- (S P). 

61 

Value-creation projects and external growth 
    
  Incremental annual net operating income from development and redevelopment projects 

(1) 
    Represents incremental annual net operating income upon stabilization of our development and redevelopment projects, including our share of real estate joint venture projects. RSF and percentage leased represent 100% of each property. 

62 

Key real estate metrics as of   September 30, 2016 
    
                       2016 Disciplined Allocation of Capital    (1)  
      
    Value-Creation Pipeline 
      97% Allocated to Urban Innovation Submarkets 
      
    Development/Redevelopment of Class A Properties 

In-Process 
    Future Growth Opportunities    (2)  
        
    2.5M 
    6.9M 
        
    RSF 
    RSF 

Pre-Leased       Percentage: 5.1 million RSF of  Ground-Up Developments since January 1, 2009    (3)  
      
    Ground-Up Developments Commenced and  Delivered since January 1, 2009 

Single-Tenant    100%   Pre-Leased      2.6M RSF  
    Multi-Tenant    38%   Pre-Leased      2.5M RSF  
      
    Average  Initial Stabilized Yield       8.0% 
    Average  Initial Stabilized Yield  (Cash Basis)      7.7% 

(1) 
    Represents projected construction and acquisitions for the year ending   December 31, 2016  , including the acquisition of One Kendall Square located in our Cambridge submarket, which we expect to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.  
     (2)    Includes acquisitions under contract at 88 Bluxome Street, located in our Mission Bay/SoMa submarket, and One Kendall Square, located in our Cambridge submarket. 
           (3) 
    Represents average pre-leased percentage at the commencement of vertical aboveground construction.  
     
   63 

Sustainability  
  (1)      Upon completion of   19   in-process Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design certification projects. 
  
   64 

Investments in real estate 
    
  Our investments in real estate consisted of the following as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands, except per square foot amounts): 

Refer to  Joint Ventures Financial Information  section within this Item 2 for information on our investment in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures.  

65 

Development, redevelopment, and future value-creation projects 

A key component of our business model is our disciplined allocation of capital to Class A development and redevelopment projects located in world-class collaborative science and technology campuses in AAA urban innovation clusters. These projects are focused on providing high-quality, generic, and reusable space to meet the real estate requirements of, and are reusable by, a wide range of tenants. A significant number of our active development and redevelopment projects are highly leased and expected to be substantially delivered in the near future. Upon completion, each value-creation project is expected to generate a significant increase in rental income, net operating income, and cash flows. Our development and redevelopment projects are generally in locations that are highly desirable to high-quality entities, which we believe results in higher occupancy levels, longer lease terms, and higher rental income and returns. Deliveries of Class A properties in urban innovation clusters from our value-creation pipeline will increase net operating income by 35% over 2015: 

Development projects consist of the ground-up development of generic and reusable facilities. Redevelopment projects consist of the permanent change in use of office, warehouse, and shell space into office/laboratory and tech office space. We generally will not commence new development projects for aboveground construction of Class A office/laboratory and tech office space without first securing significant pre-leasing for such space, except when there is solid market demand for high-quality Class A facilities.  
    
  Predevelopment activities include entitlements, permitting, design, site work, and other activities preceding commencement of construction of aboveground building improvements. The advancement of predevelopment efforts is focused on reducing the time required to deliver projects to prospective tenants. These critical activities add significant value for future ground-up development and are required for the vertical construction of buildings. Ultimately, these projects will provide high-quality facilities and are expected to generate significant revenue and cash flows. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   nine   ground-up development projects, including   two   unconsolidated real estate joint venture development projects, and   two   redevelopment projects under construction in North America. The projects at completion will aggregate   2.9 million   RSF, of which   416,345   RSF has been completed and was in service as of   September 30, 2016  . As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $238.7 million   of future value-creation projects supporting an aggregate of   5.7 million   square feet of ground-up development in North America.  
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we commenced the following projects:  

Development of an additional building at 3215 Merryfield Row aggregating   170,523   RSF at our ARE Spectrum project; 100% leased to Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., with an initial occupancy date in the second half of 2017. 
                
    Development of a parking structure with   1,280   spaces located at 5200 Illumina Way in our University Town Center submarket; 100% leased to Illumina, Inc., with an initial occupancy date in the second half of 2017.  
       
  Our initial stabilized yield is calculated as the quotient of the estimated amounts of net operating income upon stabilization and our investment in the property and excludes the impact of leverage. Our cash rents related to our value-creation projects are expected to increase over time, and our average cash yields are expected, in general, to be greater than our initial stabilized yields (cash basis). Our estimates for initial stabilized yields, initial stabilized yields (cash basis), and total costs at completion represent our initial estimates at the commencement of the project. We expect to update this information upon completion of the project, or sooner if there are significant changes to the expected project yields or costs. Initial stabilized yield reflects rental income, including contractual rent escalations and any rent concessions over the term     (s) of the lease(s), calculated on a straight-line basis. Initial stabilized yield (cash basis) reflects cash rents at the stabilization date after initial rental concessions, if any, have elapsed and excludes significant non-cash items from our investment primarily related to purchase accounting adjustments for acquired above- and below-market leases and acquired debt. Average cash yield reflects cash rents, including contractual rent escalations after initial rental concessions have elapsed, calculated on a straight-line basis and excludes significant non-cash items from our investment primarily related to purchase accounting adjustments for acquired above- and below-market leases and acquired debt.  
  
   66 

External growth   value-creation development and redevelopment projects placed into service during 2016 

The following table presents value-creation development projects, including our unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, placed into service during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    Below is our originally disclosed investment and yields for development and redevelopment projects placed into service during 2016: 

(2) 
    Improvement of our initial yields is primarily due to significant reduction in total project costs.  
               (4) 
    Consistent with previously disclosed estimated yields. 
     
   67 

External growth   value-creation development and redevelopment projects placed into service during 2016 (continued) 

68 

Highly leased projects expected to be placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2016 

The following tables set forth our consolidated and unconsolidated development and redevelopment projects to be placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2016 (dollars in thousands):               

(2) 
    Development management fees earned from these projects have been excluded from our estimate of unlevered yields. Project cost at completion represents 100% of the project, including cost incurred directly by us outside of the real estate joint venture. Our unlevered yields are based upon our share of the investment in real estate, including costs incurred directly by us outside of the real estate joint venture. The RSF related to the project in the table above represents 100% of the project RSF. 
               (4) 
    Our project cost at completion and unlevered yields are based upon our share of the investment in real estate, including costs incurred directly by us outside of the real estate joint venture. 
     
   69 

Projects expected to be placed into service in 2017 and 2018 

The following tables set forth our consolidated and unconsolidated development and redevelopment projects expected to be placed into service in 2017 and 2018, as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    Remaining 5% of RSF represents retail space. Retail space is generally leased closer to completion of the building. 
              (2) 
    The design and budget of these projects are in process, and the estimated project costs with related yields will be disclosed in the future. 

70 

Projects expected to be placed into service in 2017 and 2018 (continued) 

71 

Future value-creation projects in North America 
    
  The following table summarizes the key information for our future value-creation projects in North America as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands, except per SF amounts): 

(1) 
    Excludes acquisitions under contract at One Kendall Square and 88 Bluxome Street. 
              (2) 
    Refer to  Acquisitions  within this Item 2 for additional information. 
              (3) 
    Subject to a redeemable noncontrolling interest, which earns a fixed return that is secured by one of our consolidated real estate joint ventures, at our 213 East Grand Avenue property aggregating 293,855 RSF. 
              (4) 
    Represents an additional parcel located near our 341/343 Oyster Point Boulevard properties and within walking distance of Roche s campus in South San Francisco. 
              (5) 
    Other future projects comprise the following: 

72 

Future value-creation projects in North America (continued) 

(1)       Acquisition under contract as of   September 30, 2016  . Refer to  Acquisitions  of the  Value-Creation Projects and External Growth  section within this Item 2 for additional information.  

73 

Summary of capital expenditures 
    
  Our construction spending for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   consisted of the following (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Includes revenue-enhancing projects and non-revenue-enhancing capital expenditures shown in the table below.  
       
  The following table summarizes the total projected construction spending for the year ending   December 31, 2016  , which includes interest, property taxes, insurance, payroll, and other indirect project costs (in thousands): 

The table below presents the average per RSF of property-related non-revenue-enhancing capital expenditures, tenant improvements, and leasing costs, excluding capital expenditures and tenant improvements that are recoverable from tenants, revenue-enhancing, or related to properties that have undergone redevelopment (dollars in thousands, except per RSF amounts): 

(1) 
    Excludes amounts that are recoverable from tenants, revenue-enhancing, or related to properties that have undergone redevelopment. 
        
  We expect our capital expenditures, tenant improvements, and leasing costs (excluding capital expenditures and tenant improvements that are recoverable from tenants, revenue-enhancing, or related to properties that undergo redevelopment) on a per RSF basis for the remainder of 2016 to be similar to the amounts shown in the preceding table. 

74 

Acquisitions 
    
  Our real estate assets acquisitions as of   September 30, 2016   consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):  

(1) 
    At stabilization in the first half of 2018 upon completion of near-term renewals/re-leasing of acquired below-market leases and the conversion of   75,953   RSF of existing shell and office space into office/laboratory space. 
              (2) 
    In June 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire One Kendall Square, a   644,771   RSF, seven-building collaborative science and technology campus in our East Cambridge urban innovation cluster submarket. The acquisition includes an entitled land parcel supporting the near-term ground-up development of an additional building aggregating   172,500   square feet. The purchase price was   $725.0 million  , which includes the assumption of a   $203.0 million   secured note payable. We expect to obtain approval by the lender for the loan assumption and complete this acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2016. In July 2016, we   executed an offering, subject to forward equity sales agreements, to sell an aggregate of     7.5 million     shares of common stock, including     975,000     shares sold pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares of our common stock, at a public offering price of     $101.00     per share,     subject to customary contractual price adjustments.   Net proceeds, after issuance costs and underwriters  discou  nt, of   $724.0 million  , will be further adjusted as provided in the forward sales agreements. We expect to settle the forward sales agreements and receive proceeds from the common stock offering after the closing of One Kendall Square. Proceeds from this offering will be used to fund this acquisition, lower net debt to adjusted EBITDA by 0.3x, and fund construction.  
              (3) 
    At stabilization upon completion of the ground-up development and near-term lease renewals/re-leasing of space. 
              (4) 
    We have an executed agreement for the acquisition of 88 Bluxome Street in our Mission Bay/SoMa submarket of San Francisco and are working on entitlements for this site. Furthermore, the closing date of this acquisition may be deferred to the first quarter of 2017. Square footage represents estimated total anticipated RSF upon completion of entitlements for construction of two office buildings in separate phases. Upon completion of the acquisition, the seller may lease the property for a term of one year or more depending on certain factors.  
     
   75 

76 

Real estate asset sales 
    
  Our real estate asset sales completed and under contract during   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , and projected real estate asset dispositions held for sale as of   September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):  

(1) 
    Represents annualized amounts for the quarter ended prior to the date of sale, or the   third quarter of 2016  , annualized for pending asset sales. Cash net operating income excludes straight-line rent and amortization of acquired below-market leases.  
              (2) 
    Refer to Note 14    Assets Classified as Held for Sale  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report for additional information.  
              (3) 
    Represents 45% partial interest share of the anticipated initial stabilized net operating income and cash net operating income upon completion of the redevelopment of 10290 Campus Point Drive, and net operating income and cash net operating income for the   third quarter of 2016  , annualized for 10300 Campus Point Drive. 
               (5) 
    Non-core properties located outside of our urban innovation clusters. These properties are Class B office buildings leased to non-credit tenants and represent our remaining investments in Worcester. The internal rate of return over our hold period, including the expected disposition of the asset, is projected to be approximately   8.9%  . 
              (6) 
    Represents   634,328   RSF of operating properties located in China plus land parcels aggregating   59 acres   located in India. Sales are expected to be completed in multiple transactions over several quarters. 
              (7) 
    Represents the midpoint of a range of values for two assets we are evaluating for sale in Maryland and Canada. 

77 

Investments 
       
  We hold equity investments in certain publicly traded companies and in certain privately held entities and limited partnerships primarily involved in the science and technology industries.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our investments aggregated   $321.0 million  , or approximately   3.5%   of our total assets. The charts and table below presents selected investment statistics as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands, unless stated otherwise): 

78 

Results of operations 
    
  Key operating metrics 
                     Occupancy of Operating Properties in North America    (1)  
      
    Annualized Base Rent by Market 

% of ARE s Total Annualized Base Rent as of September 30, 2016 

Rental Rate Increases:  Renewed/Re-Leased Space 
      
    Same Property Net Operating Income Increase 

Favorable Lease Structure    (2)  
      
    Margins    (3)  

Percentage of triple net leases 
    97 
    % 

Adjusted EBITDA 
      
    Operating 
      Stable cash flows 

67% 
      
    69% 
        
    Percentage of leases  containing annual rent escalations 
    95 
    % 

Increasing cash flows 

Percentage of leases  providing for the recapture of capital expenditures  
    95 
    % 

Lower capex burden 

(1) 
    As of the end of each respective period. 
              (2) 
    Percentages calculated based on RSF.  
      
   79 

Same Properties 
    
  As a result of changes within our total property portfolio during the comparative periods presented, including changes from assets acquired or sold, properties placed into development or redevelopment, and development and/or redevelopment properties recently placed into service, the consolidated total rental revenues, tenant recoveries, and rental operating expenses in our operating results can show significant changes from period to period. In order to supplement an evaluation of our results of operations over a given period, we analyze the operating performance for all properties that were fully operating for the entirety of the comparative periods presented, referred to as Same Properties. These properties are analyzed separately from properties acquired subsequent to the first day in the earliest comparable period presented, properties that underwent development or redevelopment at any time during the comparative periods, and corporate entities (legal entities performing general and administrative functions), which are excluded from same property results. Additionally, rental revenues from lease termination fees, if any, are excluded from the results of same properties.  
    
  The following table presents information regarding our Same Properties for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

The following table reconciles the number of Same Properties to total properties for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

80 

Comparison of results for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , to the three months ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  The following table presents a comparison of the components of net operating income for our Same Properties and Non-Same Properties for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . For a reconciliation of net operating income to income from continuing operations, the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, refer to  Non-GAAP Measures  within this Item 2.  

Rental revenues 
  Total rental revenues for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $11.3 million  , or   7.3%  , to   $166.6 million  , compared to   $155.3 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase was due to a   $7.2 million   increase in revenue from our Same Properties and a   $4.0 million   increase in rental revenues from our Non-Same Properties, including highly leased development and redevelopment projects, aggregating   1,366,055   RSF, placed into service subsequent to   July 1, 2015  . 
    
  Rental revenues from our Same Properties for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $7.2 million  , or   5.1%  , to   $149.6 million  , compared to   $142.4 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily due to significant rental rate increases on lease renewals and re-leasing of space since   July 1, 2015  , as well as an increase in occupancy for same properties to   97.0%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , from   95.5%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  

81 

Tenant recoveries 
  Tenant recoveries for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $2.6 million  , or   4.6%  , to   $58.7 million  , compared to   $56.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . This increase is relatively consistent with the increase in our rental operating expenses of   $3.2 million  , or   4.6%  , as discussed under  Rental Operating Expenses  below. Same Properties  tenant recoveries increased by   $2.2 million  , or   4.3%  , primarily due to the increase in occupancy for Same Properties, as discussed above. 
    
  Other income 
  Other income for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Rental operating expenses 
  Total rental operating expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $3.2 million  , or   4.6%  , to   $72.0 million  , compared to   $68.8 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . Approximately   $1.0 million   of the increase was due to an increase in rental operating expenses from our Non-Same Properties primarily related to development and redevelopment projects placed into service subsequent to   July 1, 2015  . 
    
  Same Properties  rental operating expenses increased during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , primarily due to an increase in operating expense from higher utility expenses as a result of an increase in occupancy from   95.5%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , to   97.0%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .   
    
  General and administrative expenses 
  General and administrative expenses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $0.7 million  , or   4.7%  , to   $15.9 million  , compared to   $15.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to the continued growth in depth and breadth of our operations in multiple markets. As a percentage of total assets, our general and administrative expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , on an annualized basis were consistent at   0.7%   and   0.7%  , respectively. 
    
  Interest expense 
  Interest expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 

(2) 
    Represents annualized total interest incurred divided by the average debt balance outstanding in the respective periods. 
     
   82 

The net change in interest expense during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , resulted from the following (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    Represents the interest rate as of the end of the applicable period, plus the impact of debt premiums/discounts, interest rate hedge agreements, and deferred financing costs.  
              (2) 
    Refer to Note 8    Secured and Unsecured Senior Debt  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report for information on debt repayments. 
              (3) 
    Increase in capitalized interest is due to increased construction activity on our highly leased development and redevelopment projects in our value-creation pipeline aggregating   2.5 million   RSF.  
       
  Depreciation and amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $9.2 million  , or   13.5%  , to   $77.1 million  , compared to   $68.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase is primarily due to additional depreciation from development and redevelopment projects placed into service subsequent to   July 1, 2015  , as noted above. 
    
  Sale of real estate assets and related impairment charges 
  Refer to  Assets Located in Asia  in Note 14    Assets Classified as Held for Sale  and  Sale of Real Estate Assets and Related Impairment Charges  in Note 3    Investments in Real Estate  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report. 

83 

Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of a portion of unamortized loan fees aggregating   $2.4 million  , upon the amendment of our unsecured senior line of credit in July 2016. Additionally, we completed a partial principal repayment of   $200 million   of our 2019 Unsecured Senior Bank Term Loan and recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of   $869 thousand   related to the write-off of unamortized loan fees. 
    
  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate joint ventures 
  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate joint ventures of   $273 thousand   and   $710 thousand   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, primarily includes our 27.5% share of the operating results of our development property at 360 Longwood Avenue in our Longwood Medical Area submarket of Greater Boston. The results are impacted by additional depreciation and amortization expense from placing into service additional RSF at this development property. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   313,407   RSF, or   76%  , of this property in service and occupied, and   100,392   RSF, or   24%  , of this project under development. Refer to  Highly Leased Projects Expected to be Placed into Service in the Fourth Quarter of 2016  within this Item 2 for further information regarding the yields expected upon stabilization of this project. 
  
   84 

Comparison of results for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015 
    
  The following table presents a comparison of the components of net operating income for our Same Properties and Non-Same Properties for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . For a reconciliation of net operating income to income from continuing operations, the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, refer to  Non-GAAP Measures  within this Item 2.  

Rental revenues 
  Total rental revenues for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $35.8 million  , or   7.9%  , to   $486.5 million  , compared to   $450.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily due to rental revenues from our Non-Same Properties totaling   $20.9 million   primarily due to placing into service, subsequent to   January 1, 2015  , highly leased development and redevelopment projects, aggregating   1,970,918   RSF.  
    
  Rental revenues from our Same Properties for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $14.9 million  , or   3.8%  , to   $405.3 million  , compared to   $390.4 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily due to significant rental rate increases on lease renewals and re-leasing of space since January 1, 2015, as well as an increase in occupancy for same properties to   96.9%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , from   95.9%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

85 

Tenant recoveries 
  Tenant recoveries for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $11.3 million  , or   7.3%  , to   $165.4 million  , compared to   $154.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This increase is relatively consistent with the increase in our rental operating expenses of   $12.8 million  , or   6.7%  , as discussed under  Rental Operating Expenses  below. Same Properties  tenant recoveries increased by   $5.6 million  , or   4.1%  , primarily due to the increase in occupancy for Same Properties, as discussed above.  
    
  Other income 
  Other income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Rental operating expenses 
  Total rental operating expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $12.8 million  , or   6.7%  , to   $205.2 million  , compared to   $192.3 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Approximately   $10.9 million   of the increase was due to an increase in rental operating expenses from our Non-Same Properties primarily related to development and redevelopment projects placed into service subsequent to   January 1, 2015  , and one operating property acquired subsequent to   January 1, 2015  .  
    
  Same Properties  rental operating expenses increased during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , primarily due to an increase in operating expenses from higher utility expenses and higher repairs and maintenance expenses as a result of an increase in occupancy from   95.9%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , to   96.9%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  General and administrative expenses 
  General and administrative expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $1.9 million  , or   4.3%  , to   $46.4 million  , compared to   $44.5 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to the continued growth in depth and breadth of our operations in multiple markets. As a percentage of total assets, our general and administrative expenses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , on an annualized basis, were consistent at   0.7%   and   0.7%  , respectively. 
    
  Interest expense 
  Interest expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 

(2) 
    Represents annualized total interest incurred divided by the average debt balance outstanding in the respective periods. 

86 

The net change in interest expense during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , resulted from the following (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    Represents the interest rate as of the end of the applicable period, plus the impact of debt premiums/discounts, interest rate hedge agreements, and deferred financing costs.  
              (2) 
    Refer to Note 8    Secured and Unsecured Senior Debt  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report for information on debt repayments. 
              (3) 
    Increase in capitalized interest is due to increased construction activity on our highly-leased development and redevelopment projects in our value-creation pipeline aggregating   2.5 million   RSF. 
       
  Depreciation and amortization 
  Depreciation and amortization expense for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increased by   $29.1 million  , or   15.4%  , to   $218.2 million  , compared to   $189.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . The increase is primarily due to additional depreciation from development and redevelopment projects placed into service subsequent to   January 1, 2015  . 
    
  Sale of real estate assets and related impairment charges 
  Refer to  Assets Located in Asia  in Note 14    Assets Classified as Held for Sale  and to  Sale of Real Estate Assets and Related Impairment Charges  in Note 3    Investments in Real Estate  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report.  
    
  Loss on early extinguishment of debt 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt related to the write-off of a portion of unamortized loan fees totaling   $2.4 million  , upon the amendment of our unsecured senior line of credit in July 2016. In addition, we completed a partial principal repayment of   $200 million   of our 2019 Unsecured Senior Bank Term Loan and recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of   $869 thousand   related to the write-off of unamortized loan fees. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt to expense a portion of unamortized loan fees aggregating   $189 thousand   upon our $25.0 million partial principal repayment under our Unsecured Senior Bank Term Loan.   
  
   87 

Equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated real estate joint ventures 
  Equity in losses of unconsolidated real estate joint ventures of   $270 thousand   and equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate joint ventures of   $1.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, primarily include our 27.5% share of the operating results of our development property at 360 Longwood Avenue in our Longwood Medical Area submarket of Greater Boston. The results are impacted by additional depreciation and amortization expense from placing into service additional RSF at this development property. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   313,407   RSF, or   76%  , of this property in service at 100% occupancy and   100,392   RSF, or   24%  , of this project under development. Refer to  Highly Leased Projects Expected to be Placed into Service in the Fourth Quarter of 2016  within this Item 2 for further information regarding the yields expected upon stabilization of this project.  

88 

Joint venture financial information 
    
  We present components of operating results and balance sheet information for the share of our consolidated real estate joint ventures        owned by noncontrolling interests and for our share of investments in unconsolidated real estate joint ventures to help investors estimate the impact of partially owned entities to our consolidated financial statements. These amounts are estimated by computing, for each joint venture that we consolidate in our financial statements, the noncontrolling interest percentage of each financial item to arrive at the cumulative noncontrolling interest share of each component presented. In addition, for our real estate joint ventures that we do not control and do not consolidate, we apply our economic ownership percentage to these unconsolidated real estate joint ventures to arrive at our proportionate share of each component presented (dollars in thousands).  

Unconsolidated real estate joint ventures 
      
      Property/Market/Submarket 
      
    Our Share 
      
      360 Longwood Avenue/Greater Boston/Longwood Medical Area 
      
    27.5% 
      
      1455/1515 Third Street/San Francisco/ 
  Mission Bay/SoMa 
      
    51% 

(1) 
    In addition to the consolidated real estate joint ventures listed, various partners hold insignificant interests in three other properties in North America. 
              (2) 
    Upon completion of the project in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
              (3) 
    Represents redeemable noncontrolling interests aggregating approximately   26%   ownership in one of our consolidated real estate joint ventures. 
              (4) 
    Excludes net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests. These redeemable interests earn a fixed preferred return of   8.4%  , rather than a variable return based upon their ownership percentage of the real estate joint venture, and have been excluded from our calculation. 
              (5) 
    Represents a non-recourse, secured construction loan with aggregate commitments of   $213.2 million  , of which   $175.2 million   bears interest at a fixed rate of 5.25% and $38.0 million bears interest at a floating rate of LIBOR+3.75%, with a floor of 5.25%. Borrowings under the floating rate tranche are subject to an interest rate cap on LIBOR of 3.50%. The maturity date of the loan is April 1, 2017, with two, one-year options to extend the stated maturity date to April 1, 2019, subject to certain conditions. The amount of   $181.1 million   classified as a secured note payable as of   September 30, 2016  , consists of   $181.3 million   of outstanding principal of the secured note payable, net of   $235 thousand   of unamortized deferred financing costs.  
     
   89 

Projected results 
    
    We present updated guidance for net loss per share attributable to Alexandria s common stockholders   diluted and FFO per share attributable to Alexandria s common stockholders   diluted, based on our current view of existing market conditions and other assumptions for the year ending   December 31, 2016  , as set forth in the table below. The tables below provide a reconciliation of FFO per share attributable to Alexandria s common stockholders   diluted, a non-GAAP measure, to EPS, the most directly comparable GAAP measure, and other key assumptions included in our updated guidance for the year ending   December 31, 2016  .  

(1) 
    Excludes severance and other costs that may be incurred related to our exit of our investment in Asia. Refer to  Assets Located in Asia  in Note 14    Assets Classified as Held for Sale  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report for additional information on impairments of real estate in Asia.  
              (2) 
    Represents non-real estate investment gains of $4.4 million during the three months ended June 30, 2016 related to one investment. 

90 

91 

Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA    (1)  
      
    Liquidity  

$1.9B 

(In millions) 

Availability under our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit  
    $ 
    1,234 

Remaining construction loan commitments 
    416 

Available-for-sale equity securities, at fair value 
    69 

Cash and cash equivalents 
    158 

$ 
    1,877 

Fixed-Charge Coverage Ratio    (1)  
      
    Unencumbered Net Operating Income    (2)  

87% 

(1) 
    Quarter annualized. 
        
    As of September 30, 2016  , we had CIP related to our   nine   development projects and   two   redevelopment projects. The completion of these projects, along with projects recently placed into service, certain future projects, and operations from Same Properties, is expected to contribute significant increases in rental income, net operating income, and cash flows. Operating performance assumptions related to the completion of our development and redevelopment projects, including the timing of initial occupancy, stabilization dates, and initial stabilized yield, are included in  Value-Creation Projects and External Growth  within this Item 2. Certain key assumptions regarding our projections, including the impact of various development and redevelopment projects, are included in the  Projected Construction Spending  table in  Summary of Capital Expenditures  of the  Value-Creation Projects and External Growth  section within this Item 2. 

92 

The completion of our development and redevelopment projects will result in an increase in interest expense and other project costs because these project costs will no longer qualify for capitalization and will, therefore, be expensed as incurred. Our projection assumptions for Same Properties  net operating income growth, rental rate growth, straight-line rent, general and administrative expenses, capitalization of interest, and interest expense are included in the tables above and are subject to a number of variables and uncertainties, including those discussed as  Forward-Looking Statements  under Part I;  Item 1A. Risk Factors  and  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . To the extent our full-year earnings guidance is updated during the year, we will provide additional disclosure supporting reasons for any significant changes to such guidance. 

Liquidity and capital resources 
    
  Overview 
    
  We expect to meet certain long-term liquidity requirements, such as requirements for development, redevelopment, other construction projects, capital improvements, tenant improvements, property acquisitions, leasing costs, non-revenue-enhancing capital expenditures, scheduled debt maturities, and dividends through net cash provided by operating activities, periodic asset sales, strategic real estate joint venture capital, and long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness, including borrowings under our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, unsecured senior bank term loans, and the issuance of additional debt and/or equity securities. 
    
  We expect to continue to meet our short-term liquidity and capital requirements, as further detailed in this section, generally through our working capital and net cash provided by operating activities. We believe that the net cash provided by operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to make the distributions necessary to continue qualifying as a REIT. 
    
  Over the next several years, our balance sheet, capital structure, and liquidity objectives are as follows: 

Retain positive cash flows from operating activities after payment of dividends and distributions to noncontrolling interests for investment in development and redevelopment projects and/or acquisitions; 
                
    Maintain significant liquidity from net cash provided by operating activities, cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale equity securities, available borrowing capacity under our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, and available commitments under our secured construction loans; 
                
    Reduce the aggregate amount of outstanding unsecured bank debt under our unsecured senior bank term loans; 
                
    Maintain a well-laddered debt maturity profile by limiting the amount of debt maturing in any particular year; 
                
    Maintain diverse sources of capital, including sources from net cash provided by operating activities, unsecured debt, secured debt, selective asset sales, joint venture capital, preferred stock, and common stock; 
                
    Mitigate unhedged variable-rate debt exposure through the reduction of short-term and medium-term variable-rate bank debt; 
                
    Maintain a large unencumbered asset pool to provide financial flexibility; 
                
    Fund preferred stock and common stock dividends from net cash provided by operating activities; 
                
    Manage a disciplined level of value-creation projects as a percentage of our gross investments in real estate; 
                
    Maintain high levels of pre-leasing and percentage leased in value-creation projects; and 
                
    Decrease the ratio of net debt to Adjusted EBITDA, with some variation from quarter to quarter. 

93 

$1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit and unsecured senior bank term loans 
       
  The table below reflects the outstanding balances, maturity dates, applicable rates, and facility fees for each of these facilities (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    Includes any extension options that we control. 
              (2) 
    Amounts are net of unamortized deferred financing costs. 
       
    On July 29, 2016, we amended our unsecured senior line of credit and recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt of  
  $2.4 million   related to the write-off of unamortized loan fees. The following table summarizes key terms amended: 

Borrowings under the $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit bear interest at LIBOR or the base rate specified in the amended $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit agreement plus, in either case, a specified margin (the  Applicable Margin ). The Applicable Margin for LIBOR borrowings under the $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit is based on our existing credit rating as set by certain rating agencies. Our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit contains a feature that allows lenders to competitively bid on the interest rate for borrowings under the facility. This may result in an interest rate that is below the stated rate. In addition to the Applicable Margin, our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit is subject to an annual facility fee of 0.20% based on the aggregate commitments. 
    
  The requirements of, and our actual performance with respect to, the key financial covenants under our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit and unsecured senior bank term loans as of   September 30, 2016  , were as follows:   

(1) 
    For definitions of the ratios, refer to the amended unsecured senior line of credit and unsecured senior bank term loan agreements filed as exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 to this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

94 

Unsecured senior notes payable 
    
  The requirements of, and our actual performance with respect to, the key financial covenants under our 2.75% unsecured senior notes payable ( 2.75% Unsecured Senior Notes ), 4.60% unsecured senior notes payable ( 4.60% Unsecured Senior Notes ), 3.90% unsecured senior notes payable ( 3.90% Unsecured Senior Notes ), 4.30% unsecured senior notes payable ( 4.30% Unsecured Senior Notes ), 3.95% unsecured senior notes payable ( 3.95% Unsecured Senior Notes ), and 4.50% unsecured senior notes payable ( 4.50% Unsecured Senior Notes ) as of   September 30, 2016  , were as follows: 
                       Covenant Ratios    (1)  
      
    Requirement 
      
    Actual 
      Total Debt to Total Assets 
    Less than or equal to 60% 
      
    41% 
      Secured Debt to Total Assets 
    Less than or equal to 40% 
      
    7% 
      Consolidated EBITDA   (2)    to Interest Expense 
    Greater than or equal to 1.5x 
      
    6.0x 
      Unencumbered Total Asset Value to Unsecured Debt 
    Greater than or equal to 150% 
      
    237% 

(2) 
    The calculation of consolidated EBITDA is based on the definitions contained in our loan agreements and is not directly comparable to the computation of EBITDA as described in Exchange Act Release No. 47226. 
       
  In addition, the terms of the indentures, among other things, limit the ability of the Company, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., and the Company s subsidiaries to (i) consummate a merger, or consolidate or sell all or substantially all of the Company s assets, and (ii) incur certain secured or unsecured indebtedness. 
  
   95 

Sources and uses of capital 
    
  We expect that our principal liquidity needs for the year ending   December 31, 2016  , will be satisfied by the following multiple sources of capital, as shown in the table below. There can be no assurance that our sources and uses of capital will not be materially higher or lower than these expectations. 

(1) 
    Refer to  Real Estate Asset Sales  of the  Value-Creation Projects and External Growth  section within this Item 2. 
              (2) 
    Includes net proceeds of   $724.0 million   upon future settlement of forward equity sales agreements executed in July 2016 to sell an aggregate of   7.5 million   shares of our common stock, and net proceeds of   $367.8 million   and   $147.7 million   from sales of common stock under our ATM program during the first half of 2016 and in October 2016, respectively.  
              (3) 
    Includes the pending acquisition of One Kendall Square for   $725.0 million  , including the assumption of a   $203.0 million   secured note payable. The closing of the acquisition is expected shortly after obtaining approval for the assumption of the secured loan. 
              (4) 
    We expect to use $175 million of the proceeds from the forward sale of common stock (see footnote 2) to reduce our projected net debt to adjusted EBITDA   fourth quarter of 2016 annualized by 0.3x.  
        
  The key assumptions behind the sources and uses of capital in the table above are a favorable capital market environment, performance of our core operating properties, lease-up and delivery of current and future development and redevelopment projects, and leasing activity. Our expected sources and uses of capital are subject to a number of variables and uncertainties, including those discussed as  Forward-Looking Statements  under Part I;  Item 1A. Risk Factors  and  Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . We expect to update our forecast of sources and uses of capital on a quarterly basis. 

96 

Sources of capital 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities after dividends 
    
  We expect to retain   $115 million   to   $135 million   of net cash flows from operating activities after payment of common stock and preferred stock dividends during 2016. For the year ending   December 31, 2016  , we expect that our highly leased value-creation projects, along with recently delivered projects, certain future projects, and contributions from Same Properties, will provide for significant increases compared to the   year ended December 31, 2015  , in rental revenue, net operating income, and cash flows. Refer to  Cash Flows  within this Item 2 for a discussion of net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Real estate dispositions 
    
  We expect to continue the disciplined execution of select sales of non-strategic land and non-core/ core-like  operating assets. The sale of non-strategic land and non-core/ core-like  operating assets provides a significant source of capital to fund our highly leased value-creation development and redevelopment projects. We may also consider additional sales of partial interest in core Class A properties and/or development projects. For   2016  , we expect to sell real estate ranging from   $300 million   to   $400 million  . 
    
  For additional information, refer to  Assets Located in Asia  in Note 14    Assets Classified as Held for Sale  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report and  Real Estate Asset Sales  of  Value-Creation Projects and External Growth  within this Item 2.  
    
  Liquidity 
    
  The following table presents the availability under our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, secured construction loans, available-for-sale equity securities, and cash and cash equivalents as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars in thousands): 

Refer to Note 8    Secured and Unsecured Senior Debt  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report for a discussion of our secured construction loans. 
    
  We use our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit to fund working capital, construction activities, and, from time to time, acquisition of properties. Borrowings under the $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit will bear interest at a  Eurocurrency Rate  or a  Base Rate  specified in the amended $1.65 billion unsecured line of credit agreement plus, in either case, the Applicable Margin. The Eurocurrency Rate specified in the amended $1.65 billion unsecured line of credit agreement is, as applicable, the rate per annum equal to (i) the LIBOR or a successor rate thereto as approved by the administrative agent for loans denominated in a LIBOR quoted currency (i.e., U.S. dollars, euro, sterling, or yen), (ii) the average annual yield rates applicable to Canadian dollar bankers  acceptances for loans denominated in Canadian dollars, (iii) the Bank Bill Swap Reference Bid rate for loans denominated in Australian dollars, or (iv) the rate designated with respect to the applicable alternative currency for loans denominated in a non-LIBOR quoted currency (other than Canadian or Australian dollars). The Base Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum, equal to the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 1/2 of 1.00%, (ii) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time, by Bank of America as its  prime rate,  and (iii) the Eurocurrency Rate plus 1.00%. Our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit contains a feature that allows lenders to competitively bid on the interest rate for borrowings under the facility. This may result in an interest rate that is below the stated rate. In addition to the cost of borrowing, the facility is subject to an annual facility fee of   0.20%   based on the aggregate commitments outstanding. 
  
   97 

Debt 
    
  We expect to fund a significant portion of our capital needs in 2016 from the issuance of unsecured senior notes payable, borrowings available under existing secured construction loans, borrowings available under our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, and assumed secured notes payable.  
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we repaid   five   secured notes payable aggregating   $231.0 million   with a weighted-average effective interest rate of   5.29%  . 
    
  In June 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire One Kendall Square, with seven-buildings aggregating   644,771   RSF that is 98.5% occupied, and a 1,530-space parking garage. In connection with the acquisition, the purchase price of   $725.0 million   includes the assumption of a   $203.0 million   secured note payable. The secured note payable has a maturity date of February 2024 and an interest rate of   4.82%  . We expect to obtain approval by the lender for the loan assumption and complete this acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2016.  
       
  In June 2016, we completed a   $350 million   public offering of our unsecured senior notes payable due on   January 15, 2027  , at a stated interest rate of   3.95%  . The unsecured senior notes payable are unsecured obligations of the Company and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a 100% owned subsidiary of the Company. The unsecured senior notes payable rank equally in right of payment with all other unsecured senior indebtedness. However, the unsecured senior notes payable are subordinate to existing and future mortgages and other secured indebtedness (to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness) and to all existing and future preferred equity and liabilities, whether secured or unsecured, of the Company s subsidiaries, other than Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P. We used the net proceeds, after discounts and issuance costs, of   $344.7 million   to repay outstanding principal borrowings under our unsecured senior line of credit. 
    
  On July 29, 2016, we amended our unsecured senior line of credit and increased aggregate commitments available for borrowing by $150 million to an aggregate of   $1.65 billion  , extended the maturity date to October 29, 2021, which includes   two  ,   six  -months options to extend, reduced the interest rate on outstanding borrowings to   LIBOR+1.00%   from   LIBOR+1.10%  , and modified certain financial covenant computations and other non-financial covenants. In addition, we amended our 2019 and 2021 Unsecured Senior Bank Term Loans to conform the financial covenant computations and other non-financial covenants to our unsecured senior line of credit and completed a partial principal repayment of   $200.0 million   of our 2019 Unsecured Senior Bank Term Loan, reducing the total outstanding balance from   $600 million   to   $400 million  . Refer to Note 8    Secured and Unsecured Senior Debt  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report for additional information.  
    
  Cash and cash equivalents 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , we had   $157.9 million   and   $125.1 million  , respectively, of cash and cash equivalents. We expect existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operating activities, proceeds from asset sales, borrowings under our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, secured construction loan borrowings, issuances of unsecured notes payable, and issuances of common stock to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as regular quarterly dividends, distribution to noncontrolling interests, scheduled debt repayments, and certain capital expenditures, including expenditures related to construction activities. 
    
  Restricted cash 
    
  Restricted cash consisted of the following as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

98 

At the market  common stock offering program 
    
  During the six months ended June 30, 2016, we completed our  at the market  common stock offering program that was established in December 2015, which allowed us to sell up to an aggregate of $450.0 million of our common stock. During the three months ended December 31, 2015, we sold an aggregate of   832,982   shares of common stock for gross proceeds of   $75.0 million  , or   $90.04   per share, and net proceeds of approximately   $73.4 million  . During the six months ended June 30, 2016, we sold an aggregate of   3.9 million   shares of common stock for gross proceeds of   $374.3 million  , or   $94.80   per share, and net proceeds of approximately   $367.8 million  . We used the proceeds from the sales to reduce amounts outstanding under our unsecured senior line of credit. As of September 30, 2016, there was no remaining availability under our  at the market  program. There were no shares sold under our ATM program during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . 
       
  In October 2016, we established another  at the market  common stock offering program, which allows us to sell up to an aggregate of   $600.0 million   of our common stock. In October 2016, we sold an aggregate of   1.4 million   shares of common stock for gross proceeds of   $150.0 million  , or   $104.28   per share, and net proceeds of approximately   $147.7 million  . 
    
  Forward equity sales agreements 
    
  In July 2016, we executed an offering, subject to forward equity sales agreements, to sell an aggregate of   7.5 million   shares of common stock, including   975,000   shares sold pursuant to the exercise in full of the underwriters  option to purchase additional shares of our common stock, at a public offering price of   $101.00   per share, subject to customary contractual price adjustments. Net proceeds, after issuance costs and underwriters  discount, of   $724.0 million  , will be further adjusted as provided in the forward equity sales agreements. The forward equity sales agreements permitted us to lock in the price of the shares (subject to certain adjustments) to fund the pending acquisition of One Kendall Square, located in East Cambridge, to lower net debt to adjusted EBITDA by 0.3x, and to fund construction. We expect to settle the forward equity sales agreements by issuing the common stock after obtaining approval by the lender to assume the One Kendall Square loan and completing the acquisition of One Kendall Square. 
    
  Other sources 
    
  Under our current shelf registration statement filed with the SEC, we may offer common stock, preferred stock, debt, and other securities. These securities may be issued, from time to time, at our discretion based on our needs and market conditions, including, as necessary, the balancing of our use of incremental debt capital. 
    
  We hold interests, with certain third parties, in companies that we consolidate in our financial statements. These third parties may contribute equity into these entities primarily related to their share of funds for construction and financing-related activities. 
    
  We also hold interests, together with certain third parties, in real estate joint ventures that are not consolidated in our financial statements. The following table presents information related to debt held by one of our unconsolidated real estate joint ventures (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    We have   two  ,   one  -year options to extend the stated maturity date to April 1, 2019, subject to certain conditions. 
              (2) 
    Borrowings under the floating rate tranche have an interest rate floor equal to   5.25%   and are subject to an interest rate cap on LIBOR of   3.50%  . 
     
   99 

Uses of capital 
    
  One Kendall Square acquisition    
    
  One of our uses of capital relates to the pending acquisition of One Kendall Square, a 644,771 RSF, seven-building collaborative   science and technology campus in the east of our key Cambridge urban innovation cluster submarket located in Greater Boston. The purchase price is   $725 million  , which includes the assumption of a   $203.0 million   secured note payable. We expect to obtain approval by the lender for the loan assumption in the coming months and complete the acquisition soon thereafter. Refer to  Forward Equity Sales Agreements  under  Sources of Capital  immediately above, and  Acquisitions  in Note 3    Investments in Real Estate  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report. 
    
  Torrey Ridge Science Center acquisition    
    
  In October 2016, we acquired the Torrey Ridge Science Center, a   294,993   RSF, three-building collaborative life science campus located in the heart of our Torrey Pines submarket of San Diego, for a purchase price of   $182.5 million  . The campus is   87.1%   occupied, and we expect to achieve an initial stabilized cash yield of   6.8%   at stabilization in the first half of 2018 upon completion of near-term renewals/re-leasing of acquired below-market leases and the conversion of   75,953   RSF existing shell and office space into office/laboratory space. 
    
  88 Bluxome Street acquisition    
    
    We have an executed agreement for the acquisition of 88 Bluxome Street in our Mission Bay/SoMa submarket of San Francisco for a purchase price of   $140.0 million  . We are pursuing entitlements for the ground-up development of   1,070,925   RSF, which represents estimated total anticipated RSF upon completion of entitlements for construction of two office buildings in separate phases. The closing date of this acquisition may be deferred to the first quarter of 2017. Upon completion of the acquisition, the seller may lease the property for a term of one year or more depending on certain factors.  
    
  Summary of capital expenditures 
    
  Our primary use of capital relates to the development, redevelopment, predevelopment, and construction of properties. We currently have projects in our external growth pipeline aggregating   2.5 million   RSF of office/laboratory and tech office space,   includin  g two     unconsolidated real estate joint venture develo  pment projects. We incur capitalized construction costs related to development, redevelopment, predevelopment, and other construction activities. We also incur additional capitalized project costs, including interest, property taxes, insurance, and other costs directly related and essential to the development or construction of a project, during periods when activities necessary to prepare an asset for its intended use are in progress. Refer to  Summary of Capital Expenditures  of  Value-Creation Projects and External Growth  within this Item 2 for more information on our capital expenditures. 
    
  We capitalize interest cost as a cost of the project only during the period for which activities necessary to prepare an asset for its intended use are ongoing, provided that expenditures for the asset have been made and interest cost has been incurred. Capitalized interest for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , of   $40.8 million   and   $27.8 million  , respectively, is classified in investments in real estate. Indirect project costs, including construction administration, legal fees, and office costs that clearly relate to projects under development or construction, are capitalized as incurred during the period an asset is undergoing activities to prepare it for its intended use. We capitalized payroll and other indirect project costs related to development, redevelopment, and construction projects, aggregating   $10.5 million   and   $9.8 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Additionally, should we cease activities necessary to prepare an asset for its intended use, the interest, taxes, insurance, and certain other direct project costs related to this asset would be expensed as incurred. When construction activities cease, the asset is transferred out of CIP and classified as rental property. Also, if vertical aboveground construction is not initiated at completion of predevelopment activities, the land parcel is classified as land held for future development. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. 
    
  Fluctuations in our development, redevelopment, and construction activities could result in significant changes to total expenses and net income. For example, had we experienced a 10% reduction in development, redevelopment, and construction activities without a corresponding decrease in indirect project costs, including interest and payroll, total expenses would have increased by approximately   $5.1 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  

100 

We also capitalize and defer initial direct costs to originate leases with independent third parties related to evaluating a prospective lessee s financial condition, negotiating lease terms, preparing the lease agreement, and closing the lease transaction. Costs that we capitalized and deferred relate to successful leasing transactions, result directly from and are essential to the lease transaction, and would not have been incurred had that lease transaction not occurred. The initial direct costs capitalized and deferred also include the portion of our employees  total compensation and payroll-related benefits directly related to time spent performing activities previously described and related to the respective lease that would not have been performed but for that lease. Total initial direct leasing costs capitalized during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were   $23.9 million   and   $50.5 million  , respectively, of which   $9.4 million   and   $9.7 million  , respectively, represented capitalized and deferred payroll costs directly related and essential to our leasing activities during such periods.  
    
  7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock redemption 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   3.0 million   shares of our 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock at an aggregate price of   $98.6 million  , or   $32.72   per share. We recognized a preferred stock redemption charge of   $25.6 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , including the write-off of original issuance costs of approximately   $2.4 million  .  
    
  In October 2016, we repurchased   1.5 million   shares of our 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock at an aggregate price of   $52.8 million  , or   $36.07   per shares. As of October 31, 2016, the par value of 7.00% Series D stock outstanding was   $125.2 million  . 
    
  Contractual obligations and commitments 
    
  Contractual obligations as of   September 30, 2016  , consisted of the following (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Amounts represent principal amounts due and exclude unamortized premiums, discounts, and deferred financing costs reflected on the consolidated balance sheets. 
              (2) 
    Payment dates reflect any extension options that we control.  
              (3) 
    Estimated interest payments on our fixed-rate and hedged variable-rate debt are based upon contractual interest rates, including the impact of interest rate hedge agreements, interest payment dates, and scheduled maturity dates. 
              (4) 
    The interest payments on variable-rate debt are based on the interest rates in effect as of   September 30, 2016  . 
       
  Secured notes payable 
    
  Secured notes payable   as of September 30, 2016  , consisted of   nine   notes secured by   17   properties. Our secured notes payable typically require monthly payments of principal and interest and had a weighted-average interest rate of approximately   3.34%     as of September 30, 2016  .   As of September 30, 2016  , the total book values of rental properties, land held for future development, and CIP securing debt were approximately   $1.7 billion  .   As of September 30, 2016  , our secured notes payable, including unamortized discounts and deferred financing cost, were composed of approximately   $419.3 million   and   $370.2 million   of fixed-rate/hedged variable-rate debt and variable-rate debt, respectively. 
  
   101 

Estimated interest payments 
    
  Estimated interest payments on our fixed-rate debt and hedged variable-rate debt were calculated based upon contractual interest rates, including the impact of interest rate hedge agreements, interest payment dates, and scheduled maturity dates. As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   86%   of our debt was fixed-rate debt or variable-rate debt subject to interest rate hedge agreements. Refer to Note 9    Interest Rate Hedge Agreements  under Item 1 of this report for further information. The remaining   14%   of our debt   as of September 30, 2016  , was unhedged variable-rate debt based primarily on LIBOR. Interest payments on our unhedged variable-rate debt have been calculated based on interest rates in effect as of   September 30, 2016  . Refer to Note 8    Secured and Unsecured Senior Debt  under Item 1 of this report for additional information regarding our debt. 
    
  Interest rate hedge agreements 
    
  We utilize interest rate derivatives to hedge a portion of our exposure to volatility in variable interest rates primarily associated with our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, unsecured senior bank term loans, and variable-rate secured construction loans. Our derivative instruments include interest rate swaps and interest rate caps. 
    
  On June 30, 2016, we executed two interest rate cap agreements to hedge the cash flows and manage our exposure to interest rate movements related to our variable-rate construction loan secured by our property located at 100 Binney Street. The agreements are effective from July 29, 2016, through April 20, 2019, and will cap LIBOR at 2.00% for two notional amounts, based on scheduled increases over the term of the cap, aggregating   $40 million   as of September 30, 2016, and up to $150 million of the initial loan commitment total. 
    
  Our interest rate swap agreements involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for our payment of fixed-rate amounts to the counterparty over the life of the agreement without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest received under all of our interest rate swap agreements is based on one-month LIBOR. The net difference between the interest paid and the interest received is reflected as an adjustment to interest expense in our consolidated statements of income. 
    
  We have entered into master derivative agreements with each respective counterparty. These master derivative agreements (all of which are adapted from the standard International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. form) define certain terms between us and each of our counterparties to address and minimize certain risks associated with our interest rate swap agreements. In order to limit our risk of non-performance by an individual counterparty under our interest rate swap agreements, these agreements are spread among various counterparties. As of   September 30, 2016  , the largest aggregate notional amount in effect at any single point in time with an individual counterparty under our interest rate swap agreements was   $200 million  . If one or more of our counterparties fail to perform under our interest rate swap agreements, we may incur higher costs associated with our variable-rate LIBOR-based debt than the interest costs we originally anticipated. We have not posted any collateral related to our interest rate swap agreements. 
    
  Ground lease obligations 
    
  Ground lease obligations as of   September 30, 2016  , included leases for   29   of our properties, which accounted for approximately   15%   of our total number of properties and   three   land development parcels. Excluding one ground lease related to one operating property that expires in   2036   with a net book value of   $10.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , our ground lease obligations have remaining lease terms ranging from approximately   40   to   100   years, including extension options. 
    
  Commitments 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , remaining aggregate costs under contract for the construction of properties undergoing development, redevelopment, and improvements under the terms of leases approximated   $636.5 million  . We expect payments for these obligations to occur over   one   to   three   years, subject to capital planning adjustments from time to time. We may have the ability to cease the construction of certain properties, which would result in the reduction of our commitments. We have a commitment to contribute our share of equity into one of our unconsolidated real estate joint ventures to complete the development of buildings aggregating approximately   422,980   RSF by 2018. Our share of estimated costs to complete this project is approximately   $240   to   $280   per RSF as of   September 30, 2016  . Our obligation to provide additional funding to our other unconsolidated real estate joint venture is currently minimal. We are also committed to funding approximately   $99.7 million   for certain non-real estate investments over the next several years. 
    
  In addition, we have letters of credit and performance obligations aggregating   $18.6 million   primarily related to our construction management requirements in North America. 
  
   102 

As of   September 30, 2016  , two of our tenants in our Greater Boston and San Diego markets hold options to purchase from us property leased by each tenant, pursuant to fixed-price options under their respective lease agreements. The purchase options are exercisable no later than   December 29, 2017  .   
    
  Our property subject to a fixed-price purchase option in Greater Boston had a net book value of   $52.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , and the purchase price of   $65.7 million  , excluding any customary and ordinary closing costs. The purchase price falls into a range from fair market value to below fair market value, which may result in a tenant acquisition of the property under the option.  
    
  Our property subject to a purchase option in San Diego is one of our older properties and had a net book value of   $8.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . The option is exercisable at the purchase price of   $20.8 million  , excluding any customary and ordinary closing costs. The purchase price exceeds the property fair market value. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , these properties did not meet the criteria for classification as held for sale. 
    
  Exposure to environmental liabilities 
    
  In connection with the acquisition of all of our properties, we have obtained Phase I environmental assessments to ascertain the existence of any environmental liabilities or other issues. The Phase I environmental assessments of our properties have not revealed any environmental liabilities that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations taken as a whole, nor are we aware of any material environmental liabilities that have occurred since the Phase I environmental assessments were completed. In addition, we carry a policy of pollution legal liability insurance covering exposure to certain environmental losses at substantially all of our properties. 

Cash flows    
    
  We report and analyze our cash flows based on operating activities, investing activities, and financing activities. The following table summarizes changes in our cash flows (in thousands): 

Operating activities 
    
  Cash flows provided by operating activities   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , consisted of the following amounts (in thousands): 

Cash flows provided by operating activities   are primarily dependent upon the occupancy level of our asset base, the rental rates of our leases, the collectability of rent and recovery of operating expenses from our tenants, the timing of completion of development projects, the timing of completion of redevelopment projects, and the timing of acquisitions of operating properties.   Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in operating assets and liabilities   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   increased   by   $45.5 million  , or   16.5%  , to   $321.6 million  , compared to   $276.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . This   increase   was primarily attributable to   an increase   in total net operating income, on a cash basis, of $46.4 million, or 12.0%, to $433.8 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to $387.4 million for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , as a result of our highly leased development and redevelopment projects placed into service subsequent to   January 1, 2015   and increases in our same property average occupancy and rental rates on lease renewals and re-leasing of space since    January 1, 2015  . 
  
   103 

Investing activities 
    
  Cash flows used in investing activities   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , consisted of the following (in thousands): 

(1)     Refer to Note 3    Investments in Real Estate  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report for additional information.  
    
  Value-creation opportunities and external growth 
    
  For information on our key development and redevelopment projects for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , refer to  Development, Redevelopment, and Future Value-Creation Projects  located earlier within this Item 2. 

Financing activities 
    
  Cash flows provided by financing activities   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , consisted of the following (in thousands): 

(1)     Refer to  Investments in Consolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures  in Note 3    Investments in Real Estate  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report for additional information.  

104 

Dividends 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we paid the following dividends (in thousands): 

The increase in dividends paid on our common stock was primarily due to an increase in the related dividends to   $2.37   per common share paid during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , from   $2.25   per common share paid during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , and partially due to the increase in number of common shares outstanding for comparative periods. The decrease in dividends paid on our 7.00% Series D convertible preferred stock was primarily due to the decrease in number of shares outstanding for the comparative periods. 
    
  Inflation 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , approximately   97%   of our leases (on an RSF basis) were triple net leases, requiring tenants to pay substantially all real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, common area expenses, and other operating expenses (including increases thereto) in addition to base rent. Approximately   95%   of our leases (on an RSF basis) contained effective annual rent escalations that were either fixed (generally ranging from   3.0%   to   3.5%  ) or indexed based on a consumer price index or other indices. Accordingly, we do not believe that our cash flows or earnings from real estate operations are subject to significant risks from inflation. An increase in inflation, however, could result in an increase in the cost of our variable-rate borrowings, including borrowings related to our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, unsecured senior bank term loans, and secured construction loans. 

105 

Critical accounting policies 
    
  Refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , for a discussion of our critical accounting policies, which include rental properties, land held for future development, CIP, impairment of long-lived assets, capitalization of costs, accounting for investments, interest rate hedge agreements, recognition of rental income and tenant recoveries, and monitoring of tenant credit quality. There were no significant changes to these policies during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

Non-GAAP measures and definitions 
    
  This section contains additional information of certain non-GAAP financial measures and the reasons why we use these supplemental measures of performance, as well as the definitions of other terms used in this report. 
    
  FFO and FFO, as adjusted (attributable to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. s common stockholders) 
    
  GAAP-basis accounting for real estate assets utilizes historical cost accounting and assumes that real estate values diminish over time. In an effort to overcome the difference between real estate values and historical cost accounting for real estate assets, the NAREIT Board of Governors established the measurement tool of FFO. Since its introduction, FFO has become a widely used non-GAAP financial measure among equity REITs. We believe that FFO is helpful to investors as an additional measure of the performance of an equity REIT. Moreover, we believe that FFO, as adjusted, allows investors to compare our performance to the performance of other real estate companies on a consistent basis, without having to account for differences recognized because of investment and disposition decisions, financing decisions, capital structures, and capital market transactions. We compute FFO in accordance with standards established by the NAREIT Board of Governors in its April 2002 White Paper and related implementation guidance (the  NAREIT White Paper ). The NAREIT White Paper defines FFO as net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (losses) from sales of depreciable real estate and land parcels and impairments of depreciable real estate (excluding land parcels) plus real estate-related depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for our share of consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships and real estate joint ventures. Impairments represent the write-down of assets when fair value over the recoverability period is less than the carrying value due to changes in general market conditions which do not necessarily reflect the operating performance of the properties during the corresponding period.  
    
  We compute FFO, as adjusted, as FFO calculated in accordance with the NAREIT White Paper less/plus significant gains/losses on the sale of investments, plus losses on early extinguishment of debt, preferred stock redemption charges, impairments of non-depreciable real estate and land parcels, impairments of non-real estate investments, deal costs, and the amount of such items that is allocable to our unvested restricted stock awards. Neither FFO nor FFO, as adjusted, should be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as an indication of financial performance, or to cash flows from operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP) as a measure of liquidity, nor are they indicative of the availability of funds for our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions. 

106 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. s common stockholders   basic, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP,  including our share of amounts from consolidated and unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, to FFO attributable to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. s common stockholders   diluted, and FFO attributable to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. s common stockholders   diluted, as adjusted, for the periods below (in thousands):  

(1) 
    Calculated in accordance with standards established by the NAREIT Board of Governors in its April 2002 White Paper and related implementation guidance.  

107 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net income (loss) per share attributable to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. s common stockholders   basic, the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, including our share of amounts from consolidated and unconsolidated real estate joint ventures, to FFO per share attributable to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. s common stockholders   diluted, and FFO per share attributable to Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. s common stockholders   diluted, as adjusted, for the periods below. Amounts allocable to unvested restricted stock awards are not material and are not presented separately within the table below. Per share amounts may not add due to rounding.   

See footnotes in the preceding table.    
    
           (1) 
    Calculated in accordance with standards established by the NAREIT Board of Governors in its April 2002 White Paper and related implementation guidance. 
              (2) 
    Shares reflect the dilutive impact of our forward equity sales agreements. Refer to Note 12    Stockholders  Equity  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under Item 1 of this report for additional information on forward equity sales agreements and the definition of weighted-average shares   diluted within this section. 
       
  Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margins 
    
  We use Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental performance measure of our core operations for financial and operational decision making, and as a supplemental or additional means of evaluating period-to-period comparisons on a consistent basis. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ( EBITDA ), excluding stock compensation expense, gains or losses on early extinguishment of debt, gains or losses on sales of real estate, and impairments. We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides investors relevant and useful information because it allows investors to view income from our operations on an unleveraged basis before the effects of taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock compensation expense, gains or losses on early extinguishment of debt, and sales of real estate, and impairments. 
    
  By excluding interest expense and gains or losses on early extinguishment of debt, Adjusted EBITDA allows investors to measure our performance independent of our capital structure and indebtedness. We believe that excluding charges related to share-based compensation facilitates a comparison of our operations across periods without the variances caused by the volatility of the expense (which depends on market forces outside our control). We believe that adjusting for the effects of impairments and gains/losses on sales of real estate allows investors to evaluate performance period-to-period on a consistent basis without having to account for differences recognized because of investment and disposition decisions. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as measures of our performance. Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our historical cash expenditures or future cash requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments. While Adjusted EBITDA is a relevant measure of performance, it does not represent net income or cash flows from operations as defined by GAAP, and it should not be considered as an alternative to those indicators in evaluating performance or liquidity. 

108 

The following table reconciles net income (loss), the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands):   

Annualized base rent 
    
  Annualized base rent means the annualized fixed base rental amount in effect as of the end of the period, related to our operating RSF (using rental revenue in accordance with GAAP). Annualized base rent and measures computed using annualized base rent are presented at 100% for all properties under our management, including properties held by our consolidated and unconsolidated real estate joint ventures. 
    
  Average cash yield 
    
  See definition of initial stabilized yield (unlevered). 
    
  Cash interest 
    
  Cash interest is equal to interest expense calculated in accordance with GAAP, plus capitalized interest, less amortization of loan fees and debt premiums/discounts. See definition of fixed-charge coverage ratio for a reconciliation of interest expense, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to cash interest. 
    
  Class A properties and AAA locations 
       
  Class A properties are properties clustered in AAA locations that provide innovative tenants with high-quality, dynamic, and collaborative ecosystems that enhance their ability to successfully recruit and retain world-class talent and inspire productivity, efficiency, creativity, and success. Class A properties generally command higher annualized base rent than other classes of similar properties. 
       
  AAA locations are in close proximity to concentrations of specialized skills, knowledge, institutions, and related businesses. Such locations are generally characterized by high barriers to entry for new landlords, high barriers to exit for tenants, and a limited supply of available space. 

109 

Fixed-charge coverage ratio 
    
  Fixed-charge coverage ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure representing the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to fixed charges. This ratio is useful to investors as a supplemental measure of our ability to satisfy fixed financing obligations and preferred stock dividends. Cash interest is equal to interest expense calculated in accordance with GAAP, plus capitalized interest, less amortization of loan fees and amortization of debt (premiums) discounts. The fixed-charge coverage ratio calculation below is not directly comparable to the computation of ratio of earnings to fixed charges as defined in Item 503(d) of Regulation S-K and to the computation of  Consolidated Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Consolidated Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends  included in Exhibit 12.1 to our annual report on Form 10-K. 
    
  The following table presents a reconciliation of interest expense, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to cash interest and fixed charges (dollars in thousands): 

Initial stabilized yield (unlevered) 
    
  Initial stabilized yield is calculated as the quotient of the estimated amounts of net operating income at stabilization and our investment in the property. Our initial stabilized yield excludes the impact of leverage. Our cash rents related to our value-creation projects are expected to increase over time due to contractual annual rent escalations, and our average cash yields are expected, in general, to be greater than our initial stabilized yields (cash basis). Our estimates for initial stabilized yields, initial stabilized yields (cash basis), and total costs at completion represent our initial estimates at the commencement of the project. We expect to update this information upon completion of the project, or sooner, if there are significant changes to the expected project yields or costs. 

Initial stabilized yield reflects rental income, including contractual rent escalations and any rent concessions over the term(s) of the lease(s), calculated on a straight-line basis. 
                
    Initial stabilized yield (cash basis) reflects cash rents at the stabilization date after initial rental concessions, if any, have elapsed and our total cash investment in the property. 
       
  Average cash yield reflects cash rents, including contractual rent escalations after initial rental concessions have elapsed, calculated on a straight-line basis, and our total cash investment in the property. 

110 

Joint venture financial information 
    
    We present components of operating results and balance sheet information related to our joint ventures, which are not in accordance with or intended to be presentations in accordance with GAAP. We present the proportionate share of certain financial line items as follows: (i) for each real estate joint venture that we consolidate in our financial statements, but of which we own less than 100%, we apply the noncontrolling interest economic ownership percentage to each financial item to arrive at the amount of such noncontrolling interest share of each component presented; and (ii) for each real estate joint venture that we do not control, and do not consolidate, we apply our economic ownership percentage to each financial item to arrive at our proportionate share of each component presented.  
    
  The components of operating results and balance sheet information related to joint ventures do not represent our legal claim to those items. The joint venture agreement for each entity that we do not wholly own generally determines what equity holders can receive upon capital events, such as sales or refinancing, or in the event of a liquidation. Equity holders are normally entitled to their respective legal ownership of any residual cash from a joint venture only after all liabilities, priority distributions, and claims have been repaid or satisfied.  
    
  We believe this information can help investors estimate the impact of partially owned entities. Presenting this information provides a perspective not immediately available from consolidated results and one that can supplement consolidated financial statements for the potential impact of joint ventures on assets and liabilities, or revenues and expenses. 
    
  The components of operating results and balance sheet information related to joint ventures are limited as an analytical tool, as the overall economic ownership interest does not represent our legal claim to each of our joint ventures  assets, liabilities, or results of operations. In addition, joint venture financial information may include financial information related to unconsolidated real estate joint ventures that we do not control. We believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results and our total assets and liabilities, joint venture financial information should be examined in conjunction with our consolidated statements of income and balance sheets. Joint venture financial information should not be considered an alternative to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities after dividends 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities after dividends includes the deduction for distributions to noncontrolling interests. For purposes of this calculation, changes in operating assets and liabilities are excluded as they represent timing differences.  

111 

Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe is useful to investors as a supplemental measure in evaluating our balance sheet leverage. Net debt is equal to the sum of total consolidated debt less cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. Refer to  Adjusted EBITDA  for further information on the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA. 
    
  The following table reconciles debt to net debt and computes net debt to Adjusted EBITDA as of   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands): 

(1) 
    Presented in accordance with the ASU adopted in January 2016 as discussed in Note 2    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  to our unaudited consolidated financial statements under item 1 of this report. 
          
    Previously disclosed ratios included the impact of pro rata adjustments for our consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures. Beginning with the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , these ratios are calculated based on our consolidated results. When compared to currently disclosed ratios, previously disclosed net debt to Adjusted EBITDA, quarter annualized and trailing 12 months, were generally between   0.0x to 0.1x   higher.  
    
  Net operating income 
    
    The following table reconciles income (loss) from continuing operations to total net operating income (in thousands): 

112 

Net operating income is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated as income (loss) from continuing operations, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, excluding general and administrative expense, interest, depreciation and amortization, impairment of real estate, and gain/loss on early extinguishment of debt. We believe net operating income provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because it primarily reflects those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level. Therefore, we believe net operating income is a useful measure for evaluating the operating performance of our real estate assets. Net operating income on a cash basis is net operating income adjusted to exclude the effect of straight-line rent and amortization of acquired above- and below-market lease revenue adjustments required by GAAP. We believe that net operating income on a cash basis is helpful to investors as an additional measure of operating performance because it eliminates the timing differences between the recognition of revenue in accordance with GAAP and the receipt of payments reflected in our consolidated results. 
    
  Further, we believe net operating income is useful to investors as a performance measure because, when compared across periods, net operating income reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, and operating costs, which provides a perspective not immediately apparent from income from continuing operations. Net operating income can be used to measure the initial stabilized yields of our properties by calculating the quotient of net operating income generated by a property on a straight-line basis, and our investment in the property, excluding the impact of leverage. Net operating income excludes certain components from income from continuing operations in order to provide results that are more closely related to the results of operations of our properties. For example, interest expense is not necessarily linked to the operating performance of a real estate asset and is often incurred at the corporate level rather than at the property level. In addition, depreciation and amortization, because of historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, may distort comparability of operating performance at the property level. Impairments of real estate have been excluded in deriving net operating income because we do not consider impairments of real estate to be property-level operating expenses. Impairments of real estate relate to changes in the values of our assets and do not reflect the current operating performance with respect to related revenues or expenses. Our impairments of real estate represent the write-down in the value of the assets to the estimated fair value less cost to sell. These impairments result from investing decisions and the deterioration in market conditions that adversely impact underlying real estate values. Our calculation of net operating income also excludes charges incurred from changes in certain financing decisions, such as losses on early extinguishment of debt, as these charges often relate to corporate strategy. Property operating expenses that are included in determining net operating income primarily consist of costs that are related to our operating properties, such as utilities, repairs, and maintenance; rental expense related to ground leases; contracted services, such as janitorial, engineering, and landscaping; property taxes and insurance; and property-level salaries. General and administrative expenses consist primarily of accounting and corporate compensation, corporate insurance, professional fees, office rent, and office supplies that are incurred as part of corporate office management. We believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, net operating income should be examined in conjunction with income from continuing operations as presented in our consolidated statements of income. Net operating income should not be considered as an alternative to income from continuing operations as an indication of our performance, or as an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity, or our ability to make distributions. 
    
  Operating statistics 
    
  We present certain operating statistics related to our properties, including number of properties, annualized base rent, annualized base rent per occupied RSF, occupancy, RSF, leasing activity, rental rates, and contractual lease expirations. We believe these measures are useful to investors because they facilitate an understanding of certain trends for our properties. We compute operating statistics at 100% for all properties managed by us, including properties owned by our consolidated and unconsolidated real estate joint ventures. 
    
  Stabilized occupancy date 
    
  The stabilized occupancy date represents the estimated date on which the project is expected to reach occupancy of 95% or greater. 
    
  Same Property comparisons 
    
  Refer to the discussion of Same Properties in  Results of Operations  earlier within this Item 2. 

113 

Total market capitalization 
    
  Total market capitalization is equal to the sum of total equity market capitalization and total debt, as calculated in accordance with GAAP. Total equity market capitalization is equal to the sum of outstanding shares of 7.00% Series D cumulative convertible preferred stock, 6.45% Series E cumulative redeemable preferred stock, and common stock multiplied by the related closing price of each class of security at the end of each period presented. 
    
  Unencumbered net operating income as a percentage of total net operating income 
    
  Unencumbered net operating income as a percentage of total net operating income is a non-GAAP financial measure that we believe is useful to investors as a performance measure of the results of operations of our unencumbered real estate assets, as it reflects primarily those income and expense items that are incurred at the unencumbered property level. We use unencumbered net operating income as a percentage of total net operating income in order to assess our compliance with our financial covenants under our debt obligations because the measure serves as a proxy for a financial measure under such debt obligations. Unencumbered net operating income is derived from assets classified in continuing operations, which are not subject to any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, or other security interest, as of the period for which income is presented.  
    
  The following table summarizes unencumbered net operating income as a percentage of total net operating income for the three and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (dollars in thousands): 

Weighted-average shares   diluted 
    
  In July 2016, we executed forward equity sales agreements for an aggregate of   7.5 million   shares of common stock at a public offering price of   $101.00   per share less issuance costs and underwriters  discount. The impact of the forward equity sales agreements was included in the computation of diluted EPS for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and diluted FFO per share for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as the effect of these agreements was dilutive. The impact of the forward equity sales agreements was excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as the Company had a net loss during that period and, therefore, the effect of the forward equity sales agreements on EPS was antidilutive. Weighted average shares outstanding   diluted for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   used in computation of EPS and for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   used in computation of diluted FFO per share, include shares from the dilutive impact of the forward equity sales agreements using the treasury method of accounting for these   7.5 million   shares (assumed issuance of   7.5 million   shares at the contractual price, less assumed repurchase of common shares at the average market price using the net proceeds of   $724.0 million   from the forward equity sales agreements). The impact to our weighted average shares   diluted for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   (EPS and FFO per share) and   nine months ended September 30, 2016   (FFO per share only) was 751 thousand and 252 thousand weighted average incremental shares, respectively. 

114 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  Interest rate risk 
    
  The primary market risk to which we believe we are exposed is interest rate risk, which may result from many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations, and other factors that are beyond our control. 
    
  In order to modify and manage the interest rate characteristics of our outstanding debt and to limit the effects of interest rate risks on our operations, we may utilize a variety of financial instruments, including interest rate swap agreements, caps, floors, and other interest rate exchange contracts. The use of these types of instruments to hedge a portion of our exposure to changes in interest rates carries additional risks, such as counterparty credit risk and the legal enforceability of hedging contracts. 
    
  Our future earnings and fair values relating to financial instruments are primarily dependent upon prevalent market rates of interest, such as LIBOR. However, our interest rate hedge agreements are intended to reduce the effects of interest rate fluctuations. The following table illustrates the effect of a 1% change in interest rates, assuming a LIBOR floor of 0%, on our variable-rate debt, including our $1.65 billion unsecured senior line of credit, unsecured senior bank term loans and secured construction loans, after considering the effect of our interest rate hedge agreements, secured debt, and unsecured senior notes payable as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

These amounts are determined by considering the impact of the hypothetical interest rates on our borrowing cost and our interest rate hedge agreements in existence on   September 30, 2016  . These analyses do not consider the effects of the reduced level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Further, in the event of a change of such magnitude, we would consider taking actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. Because of the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, the sensitivity analyses assume no changes in our capital structure. 
    
  Equity price risk 
    
  We have exposure to equity price market risk because of our equity investments in certain publicly traded companies and privately held entities. We classify investments in publicly traded companies as available-for-sale and consequently recognize them in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at fair value, with unrealized gains or losses reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Investments in privately held entities are generally accounted for under the cost method because we do not influence any of the operating or financial policies of the entities in which we invest. For all investments, we recognize other-than-temporary declines in value against earnings in the same period during which the decline in value was deemed to have occurred. There is no assurance that future declines in value will not have a material adverse impact on our future results of operations. The following table illustrates the effect that a 10% change in the fair value of our equity investments would have on earnings as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

115 

Foreign currency exchange rate risk 
    
  We have exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk related to our subsidiaries operating in Canada and Asia. The functional currencies of our foreign subsidiaries are the respective local currencies. Gains or losses resulting from the translation of our foreign subsidiaries  balance sheets and statements of income are classified in accumulated other comprehensive income as a separate component of total equity. Gains or losses will be reflected in our statements of income when there is a sale or partial sale of our investment in these operations or upon a complete or substantially complete liquidation of the investment. The following table illustrates the effect that a 10% change in foreign currency rates relative to the U.S. dollar would have on our potential future earnings, and the fair value of our net investment in foreign subsidiaries based on our current operating assets outside the U.S. as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

This sensitivity analysis assumes a parallel shift of all foreign currency exchange rates with respect to the U.S. dollar; however, foreign currency exchange rates do not typically move in such a manner, and actual results may differ materially. 
    
  Our exposure to market risk elements for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , was consistent with the risk elements presented above, including the effects of changes in interest rates, equity prices, and foreign currency exchange rates. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had performed an evaluation, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. These controls and procedures have been designed to ensure that information required for disclosure is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the requisite time periods. Based on our evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
    
  There has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
  
   116 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
    
  Changes in the method of determining LIBOR, or the replacement of LIBOR with an alternative reference rate, may adversely affect interest expense related to outstanding debt. 
    
  We hold certain instruments in our debt profile in which interest rates move in direct relation to LIBOR, depending on our selection of borrowing options. Beginning in 2008, concerns have been raised that some of the member banks surveyed by the BBA in connection with the calculation of daily LIBOR across a range of maturities and currencies may have underreported, overreported, or otherwise manipulated the interbank lending rate applicable to them in order to profit on their derivatives positions or to avoid an appearance of capital insufficiency or adverse reputational or other consequences that might have resulted from reporting interbank lending rates higher than those they actually submitted. A number of BBA member banks have entered into settlements with a number of their regulators and law enforcement agencies with respect to alleged manipulation of LIBOR, and investigations have been instigated by regulators and government authorities in various jurisdictions. Other member banks may also enter into such settlements with, or have proceedings brought by, their regulators or law enforcement agencies in the future. If manipulation of LIBOR occurred, it may have resulted in LIBOR having been artificially lower (or higher) than it would otherwise have been. Any such manipulation could have occurred over a substantial period of time. 
    
  On September 28, 2012, British regulators published a report on the review of LIBOR. The report concluded that LIBOR should be retained as a benchmark but recommended a comprehensive reform of LIBOR, including replacing the BBA with a new independent administrator of LIBOR. Based on this report, final rules for the regulation and supervision of LIBOR by the Financial Conduct Authority ( FCA ) were published and came into effect on April 2, 2013 (the  FCA Rules ). In particular, the FCA Rules include requirements that (i) an independent LIBOR administrator monitor and survey LIBOR submissions to identify breaches of practice standards and/or potentially manipulative behavior and (ii) firms submitting data to LIBOR establish and maintain a clear conflicts-of-interest policy and appropriate systems and controls. In response, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ( IBA ) was appointed as the independent LIBOR administrator, effective in early 2014. It is not possible to predict the effect of the FCA Rules, any changes in the methods pursuant to which LIBOR is determined, the administration of LIBOR by IBA, and any other reforms to LIBOR that will be enacted in the United Kingdom and elsewhere. In addition, any changes announced by the FCA, the BBA, IBA, or any other successor governance or oversight body, or future changes adopted by such body, in the method pursuant to which LIBOR is determined, as well as manipulative practices or the cessation thereof, may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR, which could have an adverse impact on the level of the index. Fluctuation or discontinuation of LIBOR would affect our interest expense and earnings and the fair value of certain of our financial instruments. We rely on interest rate swaps to mitigate our exposure to such interest rate risk on a portion of our debt obligations. However, there is no assurance these arrangements will be effective in reducing our exposure to changes in interest rates. 
    
  In addition, in November 2014, the Federal Reserve established a working group, the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ( ARRC ), to identify a set of alternative interest reference rates to LIBOR. In a May 2016 interim report, the ARRC narrowed its choice to two LIBOR alternatives. The first choice is the Overnight Bank Funding Rate ( OBFR ), which consists of domestic and foreign unsecured borrowing in U.S. dollars. The Federal Reserve has been calculating the OBFR and publishing it since March 2016. The second alternative rate to LIBOR is the Treasury General Collateral ( GC ) rate, which is composed of repo transactions secured by treasuries or other assets accepted as collateral by the majority of intermediaries in the repo market. No specific rate for the GC alternative has yet been specified to serve as a replacement for LIBOR, and it remains undefined. The transition to any alternative rate will require careful and deliberate consideration and implementation, so as to not disrupt the stability of financial markets. Regulators, financial institutions, benchmark administrators, and borrowers will need to strategize and implement these changes in a manner that is least disruptive. There is no guarantee that a transition from LIBOR to an alternative will not result in financial market disruptions, significant increases in benchmark rates, or borrowing costs to borrowers. 

117 

New rules from the Securities and Exchange Commission that govern money market funds may significantly impact the volatility of LIBOR interest rates. 
    
  On July 23, 2014, the SEC adopted rules to make structural and operational reforms to address risks of investor runs in money market funds. These changes affect prime money market funds, which invest in corporate debt securities, differently than they do government money market funds, which invest in securities that are collateralized solely by government securities. The rules require a floating net asset value for institutional prime money market funds and also allow the funds to impose liquidity fees and redemption gates to further prevent large-scale investor runs. The rules provided for a two-year transition period that expired on October 15, 2016. In anticipation of this change, a substantial amount of assets across the broader market previously invested in prime money market funds had been moved to government money market funds, causing a reduction in the availability of bank unsecured funding for European and non-U.S. banks. Government money market funds are not available to foreign banks for their dollar-funding needs. As a result, in recent weeks, as the transition deadline neared and passed, a supply-and-demand mismatch for dollar funds has emerged from foreign banks, causing LIBOR to increase significantly. There can be no assurance that LIBOR will stabilize subsequent to the transition period for these new regulations or whether there will be continued pressure on LIBOR or significant volatility in LIBOR. Any volatility in LIBOR would affect our interest expense and earnings and the fair value of certain of our financial instruments. We rely on interest rate hedge agreements to mitigate our exposure to such interest rate risk on a portion of our debt obligations. However, there is no assurance these arrangements will be effective in reducing our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. 
    
  In addition to the information set forth in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, one should also carefully review and consider the information contained in our other reports and periodic filings that we make with the SEC, including, without limitation, the information contained under the caption  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Those risk factors could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The risks that we describe in our public filings are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we presently deem to be immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

118 

Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Exhibit Title 
      
    Incorporated by Reference to: 
      
    Date Filed 
      4.4* 
      
    Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of February 29, 2012, among the Company, as Issuer, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    February 29, 2012 
      4.5* 
      
    Form of 4.60% Senior Note due 2022 (included in Exhibit 4.4 above) 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    February 29, 2012 
      4.6* 
      
    Specimen certificate representing shares of 6.45% Series E Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock 
      
    Form 8-A 
      
    March 12, 2012 
      4.7* 
      
    Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of June 7, 2013, among the Company, as Issuer, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    June 7, 2013 
      4.8* 
      
    Form of 3.90% Senior Note due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.7 above) 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    June 7, 2013 
      4.9* 
      
    Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of July 18, 2014, among the Company, as Issuer, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    July 18, 2014 
      4.10* 
      
    Form of 2.750% Senior Note due 2020 (included in Exhibit 4.9 above) 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    July 18, 2014 
      4.11* 
      
    Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of July 18, 2014, among the Company, as Issuer, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, and the Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    July 18, 2014 
      4.12* 
      
    Form of 4.500% Senior Note due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.11 above) 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    July 18, 2014 
      4.13* 
      
    Indenture, dated as of November 17, 2015, among the Company, as Issuer, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    November 17, 2015 
      4.14* 
      
    Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of November 17, 2015, among the Company, as Issuer, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    November 17, 2015 
      4.15* 
      
    Form of 4.30% Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.14 above) 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    November 17, 2015 
      4.16* 
      
    Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of June 10, 2016, among the Company, as Issuer, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    June 10, 2016 
      4.17* 
      
    Form of 3.95% Senior Note due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.16 above) 
      
    Form 8-K 
      
    June 10, 2016 
      10.1 
      
    Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, among the Company, as Borrower, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as Co-Syndication Agents, Barclays Bank PLC, BBVA Compass, Capital One, National Association, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Regions Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, TD Bank, N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia, and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as Co-Documentation Agents 

Filed herewith 
      10.2 
      
    First Amendment to Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, among the Company, as Borrower, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as Co-Syndication Agents, Barclays Bank PLC, Capital One, N.A., Compass Bank, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia, and The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC, as Co-Documentation Agents, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Lead Book Runners 

Filed herewith 

119 

Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Exhibit Title 
      
    Incorporated by Reference to: 
      
    Date Filed 
      10.3 
      
    First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, among the Company, as Borrower, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as Guarantor, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Royal Bank of Canada and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Co-Syndication Agents,  Compass Bank, Regions Bank, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., SunTrust Bank, TD Bank, N.A., Mizuho Bank (USA), and PNC Bank National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents, and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., RBC Capital Markets, and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Running Managers 

Filed herewith 
      12.1 
      
    Computation of Consolidated Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Combined Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends 

Filed herewith 
      31.1 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 
      31.2 
      
    Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 
      32.0 
      
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 
      101 
      
    The following materials from the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 (unaudited), (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited), (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited), (iv) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity and Noncontrolling Interests for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited), (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited), and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 

Filed herewith 

(*) Incorporated by reference. 

120 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on   November 2, 2016  . 

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC. 

/s/ Joel S. Marcus 
        
    Joel S. Marcus 
  Chairman/Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Dean A. Shigenaga 
        
    Dean A. Shigenaga 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

121 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 a3q16-ex101165bnrevolvingc.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.1 
       
  FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
  Dated as of July 29, 2016 
    
  among 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., 
  as the Borrower 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P. 
  as a Guarantor 
    
  BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
  as Administrative Agent 
    
  and 
    
  The Other Lenders Party Hereto 
    
  MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER   SMITH INCORPORATED, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
  and 
  CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 
  as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 
    
  JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
  and 
  CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 
  as Co-Syndication Agents, 
    
  and 
    
  BARCLAYS BANK PLC, BBVA COMPASS, 
  CAPITAL ONE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, MIZUHO BANK, LTD., 
  REGIONS BANK, ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, 
  SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, TD BANK, N.A., 
  THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA  ,   and 
  THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD. 
  as Co-Documentation Agents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
    
  ARTICLE I     DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS   ................................................................... 1 
  1.01        Defined Terms  . .................................................................................................................. 1 
  1.02        Other Interpretive Provisions.   ....................................................................................... 36 
  1.03        Accounting Terms/Financial Covenants  . ...................................................................... 36 
  1.04        Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents  . ...................................................................... 37 
  1.05        Additional Alternative Currencies  . ............................................................................... 38 
  1.06        Change of Currency  ........................................................................................................ 38 
  1.07        Times of Day  .................................................................................................................... 39 
  1.08        Letter of Credit Amounts  . ............................................................................................. 39 
    
  ARTICLE II     THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS   ................................................... 39 
  2.01        Committed Loans  ............................................................................................................ 40 
  2.02        Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans.   ......................... 41 
  2.03        Letters of Credit  .............................................................................................................. 45 
  2.04        Swing Line Loans.  ........................................................................................................... 51 
  2.04A        Bid Loans  . ....................................................................................................................... 54 
  2.05        Prepayments  . .................................................................................................................. 56 
  2.06        Termination or Reduction of Aggregate Revolving Commitments  ............................ 57 
  2.07        Repayment of Loans.   ..................................................................................................... 58 
  2.08        Interest.   ........................................................................................................................... 58 
  2.09        Fees  . ................................................................................................................................. 59 
  2.10        Computation of Interest and Fees  . ............................................................................... 59 
  2.11        Evidence of Debt.   ........................................................................................................... 60 
  2.12        Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback  . .......................................... 60 
  2.13        Sharing of Payments by Lenders  .................................................................................. 62 
  2.14        Extension of Revolving Commitment Termination Date  . .......................................... 62 
  2.15        Increase in Commitments  .............................................................................................. 63 
  2.16        Cash Collateral  ............................................................................................................... 64 
  2.17        Defaulting Lenders  . ....................................................................................................... 65 
    
  ARTICLE III     TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY  ..................................................... 73 
  3.01        Taxes  . ............................................................................................................................... 73 
  3.02        Illegality  . ......................................................................................................................... 71 
  3.03        Inability to Determine Rates  . ........................................................................................ 71 
  3.04        Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans  ............................................ 72 
  3.05        Compensation for Losses  ................................................................................................ 74 
  3.06        Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders  . ...................................................... 74 
  3.07        Survival.   .......................................................................................................................... 75 
    
  ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EFFECTIVENESS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND FURTHER CREDIT EXTENSIONS .............................................................................................. 75 
  4.01        Conditions of Effectiveness of this Agreement  . ........................................................... 75 
  4.02        Conditions to all Credit Extensions  ............................................................................... 76 
    
  ARTICLE V     REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  .................................................................... 77 
  5.01        Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws  . ................................... 77 
  5.02        Authorization; No Contravention  . ............................................................................... 77 
  5.03        Governmental Authorization; Other Consents  . .......................................................... 77 

5.04        Binding Effect  ................................................................................................................. 77 
  5.05        Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect  . ................................................... 77 
  5.06        Litigation  ......................................................................................................................... 78 
  5.07        No Default  . ...................................................................................................................... 78 
  5.08        Ownership of Property; Liens  . ..................................................................................... 78 
  5.09        Environmental Compliance  . ......................................................................................... 78 
  5.10        Insurance  . ....................................................................................................................... 78 
  5.11        Taxes  . ............................................................................................................................... 78 
  5.12        ERISA Compliance  ......................................................................................................... 78 
  5.13        Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act; REIT Status  ................................... 79 
  5.14        Disclosure  ......................................................................................................................... 79 
  5.15        Compliance with Laws  . .................................................................................................. 79 
  5.16        Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc  . ............................................................................. 79 
  5.17        EEA Financial Institution.   ............................................................................................. 80 
  5.18        Property  . .......................................................................................................................... 80 
  5.19        OFAC  . .............................................................................................................................. 80 
  5.20        Solvency  . .......................................................................................................................... 80 
  5.21        Anti-Corruption Laws  . ................................................................................................... 80 
    
  ARTICLE VI     AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS   ...................................................................................... 80 
  6.01        Financial Statements  ...................................................................................................... 81 
  6.02        Certificates; Other Information  . .................................................................................. 82 
  6.03        Payment of Obligations  . ................................................................................................ 82 
  6.04        Preservation of Existence, Etc  . ..................................................................................... 82 
  6.05        Maintenance of Properties  . ........................................................................................... 82 
  6.06        Maintenance of Insurance  . ............................................................................................ 82 
  6.07        Compliance with Laws  . .................................................................................................. 82 
  6.08        Books and Records  .......................................................................................................... 83 
  6.09        Inspection Rights  ............................................................................................................. 83 
  6.10        Use of Proceeds  ................................................................................................................ 83 
    
  ARTICLE VII     NEGATIVE COVENANTS   ........................................................................................... 83 
  7.01        [Reserved]  . ...................................................................................................................... 83 
  7.02        [Reserved]  . ...................................................................................................................... 83 
  7.03        Fundamental Changes  . .................................................................................................. 83 
  7.04        Restricted Payments  . ..................................................................................................... 83 
  7.05        Change in Nature of Business  . ...................................................................................... 84 
  7.06        Transactions with Affiliates  . ......................................................................................... 84 
  7.07        Burdensome Agreements  ............................................................................................... 84 
  7.08        [Reserved]   ....................................................................................................................... 84 
  7.09        Financial Covenants  . ..................................................................................................... 84 
  7.10        Sanctions  . ........................................................................................................................ 85 
    
  ARTICLE VIII     EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES   ................................................................ 85 
  8.01        Events of Default  . .......................................................................................................... 85 
  8.02        Remedies Upon Event of Default  .................................................................................. 86 
  8.03        Application of Funds  . .................................................................................................... 87 
    
  ARTICLE IX     ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT   ......................................................................................... 87 
  9.01        Appointment and Authority  .......................................................................................... 87 
  9.02        Rights as a Lender  . ........................................................................................................ 88 
  9.03        Exculpatory Provisions  .................................................................................................. 88 
  9.04        Reliance by Administrative Agent  ................................................................................ 89 

9.05        Delegation of Duties  . .................................................................................................... 89 
  9.06        Successor Administrative Agent  . ................................................................................ 89 
  9.07        Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders  ..................................... 90 
  9.08        No Other Duties, Etc  ..................................................................................................... 90 
  9.09        Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim  ........................................................ 90 
  9.10        Collateral and Borrower Matters  . .............................................................................. 91 
  9.11        No Obligations of Credit Parties  . ................................................................................ 91 
    
  ARTICLE X     MISCELLANEOUS   ........................................................................................................ 91 
  10.01        Amendments, Etc  . ........................................................................................................ 93 
  10.02        Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication  . ................................................. 94 
  10.03        No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies  . ............................................................................. 94 
  10.04        Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver  ....................................................................... 94 
  10.05        Payments Set Aside  . ...................................................................................................... 96 
  10.06        Successors and Assigns  . ................................................................................................ 96 
  10.07        Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality  . ................................................ 101 
  10.08        Right of Setoff  ............................................................................................................... 103 
  10.09        Interest Rate Limitation  . ............................................................................................. 103 
  10.10        Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness  . ................................................................. 103 
  10.11        Survival of Representations and Warranties  . ........................................................... 103 
  10.12        Severability  . .................................................................................................................. 104 
  10.13        Replacement of Lenders  . ............................................................................................. 104 
  10.14        Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc  . ............................................................................. 105 
  10.15        Waiver of Jury Trial.   ................................................................................................... 105 
  10.16        USA PATRIOT Act Notice  . ......................................................................................... 106 
  10.17        [Reserved]  . .................................................................................................................... 106 
  10.18        [Reserved]  . .................................................................................................................... 106 
  10.19        ENTIRE AGREEMENT  . ............................................................................................ 106 
  10.20        Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions  . ............ 106 
  10.21        Release of a Guarantor  . ............................................................................................... 106 
  10.22        No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility  . ................................................................. 107 
  10.23        Judgment Currency  . .................................................................................................... 107 
  10.24        Alternative Currency Fronting Lenders; Fronting Commitments  . ........................ 107 
    
  ARTICLE XI     GUARANTY  .................................................................................................................. 108 
  11.01        The Guaranty  . .............................................................................................................. 108 
  11.02        Obligations Unconditional  ........................................................................................... 109 
  11.03        Reinstatement  ............................................................................................................... 109 
  11.04        Certain Additional Waivers  . ....................................................................................... 109 
  11.05        Remedies  . ...................................................................................................................... 109 
  11.06        Rights of Contribution  ................................................................................................. 109 
  11.07        Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee  . ....................................................... 109 
  11.08        Additional Guarantors  . ............................................................................................... 109 

SCHEDULES 
    
  2.01                   Revolving Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
  2.02                   Fronting Commitments 
  2.02                   Foreign Currency Lenders 
  10.02                 Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 
    
  EXHIBITS 
  Form of 
    
  A          Committed Loan Notice 
  B          Swing Line Loan Notice 
                  C-1       Revolving Note 
                  C-2       Swing Line Note 
  D          Compliance Certificate 
  E          Assignment and Assumption 
  F          Joinder Agreement 
  G          Lender Joinder Agreement 
  H-1      Bid Request 
  H-2      Competitive Bid 
  I           U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
    
  This  FIFTH  AMENDED  AND  RESTATED  CREDIT  AGREEMENT  is  entered  into  as  of July [29], 2016, among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower    Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the    Operating Partnership   ); the other guarantors (if any) that from time to time become party hereto pursuant to   Section 11.08   (collectively, together with the Operating Partnership, the    Guarantors    each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the    Lenders    and individually, a    Lender    each L/C Issuer (as defined herein) from time to time party hereto; and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
  RECITALS 
    
  WHEREAS  the  Borrower  and  the  Operating  Partnership  entered  into  the  Existing  Credit 
  Agreement (as defined herein); 
    
  WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Operating Partnership have requested that the Lenders provide a  revolving  credit  facility  in  the  initial  principal  amount  of  $1.5 billion  pursuant  to  the  terms  and conditions set forth herein; and 
    
  WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing to provide such revolving credit facility on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
    
  ARTICLE I 
    
  DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
    
  1.01        Defined Terms  .  As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
    
     Absolute Rate    means a fixed rate of interest expressed in multiples of 1/100th  of one basis point. 
    
     Absolute Rate Loan    means a Bid Loan that bears interest at a rate determined with reference to an Absolute Rate. 
    
     Acquisition    means, with respect to any Person, the acquisition by such Person, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of either (a) all or any substantial portion of the property of, or a line of business or division of, or any other property of, another Person or (b) at least a majority of the voting Equity Interests of another Person, in each case whether or not involving a merger or consolidation with such other Person. 
    
     Act    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.16. 
    
     Adjusted EBITDA    means, for any period of determination and without duplication, an amount equal to (a) EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP,   minus   (b) the Capital Improvement Reserve for the Real Property of the Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries,    minus   (c) (without duplication  to the  extent already deducted  in the calculation  of  EBITDA)  any  Minority  Interest s  share  of  the  EBITDA  of  the  Borrower  and  its Subsidiaries for such period. 
    
     Adjusted Interest Expense    means, with respect to any Person as of the last day of any fiscal period and without duplication, an amount equal to Interest Expense less any financing fees to the extent amortized and any amortization thereof (including fees payable under a Swap Contract), prepayment penalties, cost or expense associated with the early extinguishment of Indebtedness or deferred financing costs. 

Adjusted NOI    means, for any period and with respect to a Revenue-Producing Property, an amount  equal  to  (a) NOI  of  that  Revenue-Producing  Property,    minus    (b) the  Capital  Improvement Reserve for such Revenue-Producing Property,   minus   (c) any Minority Interest s share of the NOI of that Revenue-Producing Property;   provided   that for purposes of calculating Adjusted NOI, any Revenue- Producing Property that has a negative Adjusted NOI for the period shall be deemed to have an Adjusted NOI of zero. 
    
     Adjusted Tangible Assets    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, an amount equal to (a) Total Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date,   minus   (b) Intangible Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date,   minus   (c) any Minority Interest s share of Total Assets as of that date   plus   (d) any Minority Interest s share of Intangible Assets as of that date;   provided    that  (i) not  more  than  35%  of  Adjusted  Tangible  Assets  at  any  time  may  come  from Development Properties, with any excess over the foregoing limit being excluded from the determination of Adjusted Tangible Assets and (ii) not more than 15% of Adjusted Tangible Assets at any time may come from Other Investments, with any excess over the foregoing limit being excluded from the determination of Adjusted Tangible Assets. 
    
     Adjusted Total Indebtedness    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Total Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date of  determination,    minus    (b) Excluded  Indebtedness;    provided,    in  no  event  shall  such  Excluded Indebtedness  exceed  an  amount  equal  to  (i) cash  and  Cash  Equivalents  of  the  Borrower  and  its Subsidiaries that are not subject to pledge, lien or control agreement (excluding statutory liens or rights of set-off in favor of any depositary bank or institution where such cash or Cash Equivalents are maintained)   minus    (ii) $20,000,000  (it being agreed that  Excluded Indebtedness  shall  in no  event  be  deemed  a negative number). 
    
     Adjusted  Unencumbered  Asset  Value     means,  as  of  any  date  of  determination,  (a) the Unencumbered  Asset  Value    minus    (b) any  value  attributable  to  Qualified  Land  and  Qualified Development Assets in excess of 35% of the Unencumbered Asset Value   minus   (c) any value attributable to Qualified Revenue-Producing Properties, Qualified Land, Qualified Development Assets and Qualified Joint  Ventures  that  are  located  outside  the  United  States  or  Canada  in  excess  of  30%  of  the Unencumbered Asset Value. 
    
     Administrative Agent s Office    means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on   Schedule 10.02   with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such currency as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
    
     Administrative Agent    means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
     Administrative Questionnaire    means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the 
  Administrative Agent. 
    
     Affiliate    means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
    
     Aggregate  Revolving  Commitments     means  all  Revolving  Commitments  of  the  Revolving 
  Lenders.  As of the Closing Date, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments are equal to $1,650,000,000. 
    
     Agreement    means this Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time. 
    
     Alternative Currency    means each of Euro, Sterling, Yen, Canadian Dollars, Australian Dollars and each other currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with   Section 1.05. 
    
     Alternative Currency Equivalent    means, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date) for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars. 

Alternative Currency Fronting Lender    means any of Bank of America, JPM and Citibank or any other Revolving Lender designated by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (such designation shall be consented to by such Revolving Lender) in its capacity as an Alternative Currency Funding Lender for Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency in which any Alternative Currency Participating Lender purchases Alternative Currency Risk Participations and in which Bank of America, JPM or Citibank (or such other appointed Revolving Lender), as the case may be, advances to the Borrower the amount of all such Alternative Currency Participating Lenders  respective Applicable Percentages of such Revolving Loans in accordance with   Sections 2.02(b)   and   2.02(f)  . 
    
     Alternative Currency Funding Applicable Percentage    means, with respect to any Revolving Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (a) for each Alternative Currency Funding Lender other than the applicable Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, its Applicable Percentage, and (b) for the applicable  Alternative  Currency  Fronting  Lender,  the  sum of  (i) the  Applicable  Percentage  of  such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender and (ii) the sum of the respective Applicable Percentages of the Alternative Currency Participating Lenders. 
    
     Alternative   Currency   Funding   Lender      means,   with   respect   to   each   Revolving   Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, each Revolving Lender other than an Alternative Currency Participating Lender with respect to such Alternative Currency. 
    
     Alternative Currency Loan Credit Exposure    means, with respect to any Revolving Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (a) for each Alternative Currency Funding Lender other than the applicable Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of its Alternative Currency Funding Applicable Percentage thereof advanced by such Alternative Currency Funding Lender, (b) for the applicable Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of its Alternative Currency Funding Applicable Percentage thereof advanced thereby, net of all Alternative Currency Risk Participations purchased or funded, as applicable, therein, and (c) for each  Alternative  Currency  Participating  Lender,  the  aggregate  outstanding  principal  amount  of  all Alternative  Currency  Risk  Participations  purchased  or  funded,  as  applicable,  by  such  Alternative Currency Participating Lender in such Revolving Loan. 
    
     Alternative Currency Participant s Share    means, for any Alternative Currency Participating Lender in respect of a Revolving Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), the numerator of which is such Alternative Currency Participating Lender s Applicable Percentage and the denominator of which is the sum of (i) the Applicable Percentage of the applicable Alternative  Currency  Fronting  Lender  in  respect  of  such  Revolving  Loan  and  (ii) the  sum  of  the respective Applicable Percentages of all of the Alternative Currency Participating Lenders in respect of such Revolving Loan. 
    
     Alternative Currency Participating Lender    means, with respect to each Revolving Loan denominated  in  an  Alternative  Currency,  any  Revolving  Lender  that  has  given  notice  to  the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it is unable to fund in the applicable Alternative Currency, unless and until such Revolving Lender delivers to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower a written notice pursuant to   Section 2.02(f)(ix)   requesting that such Revolving Lender s designation be changed to an Alternative Currency Funding Lender with respect to such Alternative Currency. 
    
     Alternative    Currency    Participation    Payment    Date       has the meaning specified    in   Section 2.02(f)(iii)  . 
    
     Alternative Currency Risk Participation    means, with respect to each Revolving Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency advanced by an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, the risk participation purchased by each of the Alternative Currency Participating Lenders in such Revolving Loan in an amount determined in accordance with such Alternative Currency Participating Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Revolving Loan, as provided in   Section 2.02(f)  . 
    
     Alternative Currency Sublimit    means an amount equal to 25% of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments.  The Alternative Currency Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. 
    
     Applicable Percentage    means with respect to any Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth  

decimal place) of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in   Section 2.17.    If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to   Section 8.02   or if the Aggregate Revolving Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments.  The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on   Schedule 2.01   or in the Assignment and Assumption or Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
     Applicable Rate    means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Debt Rating as set forth below: 

Initially, the Applicable Rate shall be set at Pricing Level 4 above. Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Rating shall be effective during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the day immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. 
    
     Applicable Time    means, with respect to any borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and communicated in writing to the Borrower to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. 
    
     Appraised Value    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, with respect to any Real Property, the appraised value (if any) thereof based on its unimproved as-is basis determined pursuant to an appraisal prepared by an M.A.I. certified appraisal and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent (it being understood and agreed that in no event shall the Borrower (or any applicable Subsidiary) be required to deliver updated appraisals more frequently than once during any 
  24-month period). 
    
     Approved Fund    means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an 
  Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
    
     Arrangers    means MLPFS, JPM and CGMI, in their capacity as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. 
    
     Assignee Group    means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor. 
    
     Assignment and Assumption    means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by   Section 10.06(b)  ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of   Exhibit E   or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
    
     Attributable Indebtedness    means, on any date, in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of any Person, the  

capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 
     Audited Financial Statements    means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders  equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 
    
     Australian Dollars    means the lawful currency of Australia. 
    
     Availability Period    means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the  Revolving  Commitment  Termination  Date,  (b) the  date  of  termination  of  the  Revolving Commitments  pursuant to   Section 2.06,    and  (c) the date of termination  of  the  commitment  of each Revolving Lender to make Revolving Loans and of the obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to   Section 8.02. 
    
     Bail-In  Action     means  the  exercise  of  any  Write-Down  and  Conversion  Powers  by  the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
    
     Bail-In Legislation    means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
    
     Bank of America    means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
    
     Base Qualifications    means, for any Real Property, the following criteria: 
    
  (a)        to the best of Borrower s knowledge and belief, such Real Property is in good repair and condition, subject to ordinary wear and tear, and does not have any title, survey, environmental or other defects that would give rise to a materially adverse effect as to the value, use of or ability to sell or refinance such Real Property (it being understood and agreed that construction and redevelopment in the ordinary course do not constitute a material adverse effect on the value, use of or ability to sell or refinance such Real Property); 
    
  (b)    such Real Property is Unencumbered; 
    
  (c)        such Real Property is either (i) owned in fee simple absolute (or, in the case of Qualified Development Assets and Qualified Revenue-Producing Properties, through ownership of a condominium unit) or (ii) occupied by means of a leasehold interest or similar arrangement providing the right to occupy Real Property pursuant to a Mortgageable Ground Lease; 
    
  (d)    such Real Property is owned or leased by (i) the Borrower, (ii) a Guarantor or 
  (iii) a Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than an Obligor Subsidiary); and 
    
  (e)        such Real Property is located in the United States, Canada, Scotland, the United Kingdom, Germany, Austria, France, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Ireland or Japan. 
    
     Base Rate    means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate   plus   1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its  prime rate,  and (c) the Eurocurrency Rate for Dollar denominated Eurocurrency Rate Loans   plus   1.00%.  The  prime rate  is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and 
  other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate.  Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 

Base Rate Loan    means a Committed Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.  All Base 
  Rate Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. 
    
     Bid Borrowing    means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Bid Loans of the same Type from each of the Lenders whose offer to make one or more Bid Loans as part of such borrowing has been accepted under the auction bidding procedures described in   Section 2.04A  . 
    
     Bid Loan    has the meaning specified in   Section 2.04A(a)  . 
    
     Bid Loan Lender    means, in respect of any Bid Loan, the Lender making such Bid Loan to the Borrower. 
    
     Bid Loan Sublimit    means an amount equal to the lesser of (i) (a) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments     minus     (b) the   aggregate   Outstanding   Amount   of   the   Revolving   Loans,     minus   (c) the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations,   minus   (d) the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans and (ii) 50% of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. The Bid Loan Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. 
    
     Bid Request    means a written request for one or more Bid Loans substantially in the form of   Exhibit H-1. 
    
     Borrower    has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
    
     Borrower Materials    has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.02. 
    
     Borrowing    means a Committed Borrowing, a Bid Borrowing or a Swing Line Borrowing, as the context may require. 
    
     Business Day    means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks  are  authorized  to  close  under  the  Laws  of,  or  are  in  fact  closed  in,  the  state  where  the Administrative Agent s Office with respect to Obligations denominated in Dollars is located and: 
    
  (a)        if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in Dollars, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Dollars in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or any other dealings in Dollars to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market; 
    
  (b)        if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan, means a TARGET Day; 
    
  (c)        if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in a currency other than Dollars or Euro, means any such day on which dealings in 
  deposits in the relevant currency are conducted by and between banks in the London or other applicable offshore interbank market for such currency; and 
    
  (d)        if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Dollars or Euro in respect of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in a currency other than Dollars or Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Dollars or Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurocurrency Rate Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency. 
    
     Canadian Dollars    and    C$    mean the lawful currency of Canada. 

Capital Improvement Reserve    means, with respect to any Real Property now or hereafter owned by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, an amount equal to twenty cents ($.20) multiplied by the Net Rentable Area of the Real Property. 
    
     Capital Lease Obligations    means all monetary obligations of a Person under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in accordance with GAAP, is classified as a capital lease. 
    
     Capitalization Rate    means 6.00%. 
    
     Cash    means money, currency or a credit balance in any demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings and loan association, credit union or like organization, other than an account evidenced by a negotiable certificate of deposit. 
    
     Cash Collateralize    means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of an L/C Issuer, a Swing Line Lender or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations, Swing Line Loans or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of either thereof, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Swing Line Lender shall agree in its sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Swing Line Lender.  Cash Collateral  shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. 
    
     Cash Equivalents    means: 
    
  (a)        securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States Government or  any agency thereof and  backed  by the full faith  and  credit of the  United  States having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition; 
    
  (b)        certificates of deposit, time deposits, demand deposits, eurodollar time deposits, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements, or bankers  acceptances, having in each case a term of not more than one year, issued by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or by any U.S. commercial bank (or any branch or agency of a non-U.S. bank licensed to conduct business in the U.S.) having combined capital and surplus of not less than $100,000,000 whose short-term securities are rated (at the time of acquisition thereof) at least A-1 by S P and P-1 by Moody  
    
  (c)        demand deposits on deposit in accounts maintained at commercial banks having membership in the FDIC and in amounts not exceeding the maximum amounts of insurance thereunder; 
  (d)    commercial paper of an issuer rated (at the time of acquisition thereof) at least 
  A-2 by S P or P-2 by Moody s and in either case having a term of not more than one year; and 
    
  (e)    money market mutual or similar funds that invest primarily in assets satisfying the requirements of   clauses (a)   through   (d)   of this definition. 
    
     Cash Interest Expense    means Adjusted Interest Expense of a Person that is paid or currently payable in Cash. 
    
     CGMI    means Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and its successors. 
    
     Change in Law    means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, guideline, decision, directive or treaty, (b) any  change  in  any  law,  rule,  regulation,  directive,  guideline,  decision,  or  treaty  or  in  the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline, law, rule, treaty or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority;   provided   that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, guidelines, and directives in connection  

therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  Change in Law,  regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
    
     Change  of  Control     means  any  transaction  or  series  of  related  transactions  in  which  any Unrelated Person or two or more Unrelated Persons acting in concert acquire beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d 3(a)(l) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of 40% or more of the outstanding voting Common Stock. 
    
     Citi    means Citibank, CGMI, Citicorp USA, Inc. and/or Citicorp North America, Inc. 
    
     Citibank    means Citibank, N.A., and its successors. 
    
     Closing Date    means July [29], 2016, which is the first date all the conditions precedent in   Section 4.01   have been satisfied or waived in accordance with   Section 10.01. 
    
     Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
    
     Commitment    means any Revolving Commitment. 
    
     Committed Borrowing    means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Committed Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Lenders pursuant to   Section 2.01. 
    
     Committed Loan    means a Revolving Loan. 
    
     Committed Loan Notice    means a notice of (a) a Committed Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Committed Loans, pursuant to   Section 2.02(a),   which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of   Exhibit A   or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
    
     Common Stock    means the common stock of the Borrower. 
    
     Competitive  Bid     means  a  written  offer  by  a  Lender  to  make  one  or  more  Bid  Loans, substantially in the form of   Exhibit H-2,   duly completed and signed by a Lender. 
    
     Compliance Certificate    means a certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit D. 
    
     Confidential Information    means (a) all of the terms, covenants, conditions or agreements set forth in any letters of intent or in this Agreement or any amendments hereto and any related agreements of whatever  nature,  (b) the  information  and  reports  provided  in  compliance  with  the  terms  of  this Agreement,  (c) any  and  all  information  provided,  disclosed  or  otherwise  made  available  to  the Administrative Agent and the Lenders including, without limitation, any and all plans, maps, studies (including market studies), reports or other data, operating expense information, as-built plans, specifications,  site  plans,  drawings,  notes,  analyses,  compilations,  or  other  documents  or  materials relating to the properties or their condition or use, whether prepared by the Borrower or others, which use, or reflect, or that are based on, derived from, or are in any way related to the foregoing, and (d) any and all other information of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have access to including, without limitation, ideas, samples, media, techniques, sketches, specifications, designs, plans, forecasts, financial information, technical information, drawings, works of authorship, models, inventions, know-how, processes, apparatuses, equipment, algorithms, financial models and databases, software  

programs, software source documents, manuals, documents, properties, names of tenants or potential tenants, vendors, suppliers, distributors and consultants, and formulae related  to  the  current,  future,  and  proposed  products  and  services  of  the  Borrower  or  any  of  its Subsidiaries  or  tenants  or  potential  tenants  (including,  without  limitation,  information  concerning research, experimental work, development, design details and specifications, engineering, procurement requirements, purchasing, manufacturing, customer lists, investors, employees, clients, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, and sales and marketing plans). Confidential Information may be disclosed or accessible to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as embodied within tangible material (such as documents, drawings, pictures, graphics, software, hardware, graphs, charts, or disks), orally, or visually. 
    
     Connection Income Taxes    means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
    
     Contractual Obligation    means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
    
     Control     means  the  possession,  directly  or  indirectly,  of  the  power  to  direct  or  cause  the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.    Controlling    and    Controlled    have meanings correlative thereto. 
    
     Credit  Extension     means  each  of  the  following:  (a) a  Borrowing  and  (b) an  L/C Credit 
  Extension. 
    
     Credit Party    means the Borrower or any Guarantor and  Credit Parties  means collectively, the 
  Borrower and the Guarantors. 
    
     Debt Rating    means, as of any date of determination, the rating as determined by either Rating Agency of the Borrower s long-term non-credit enhanced senior unsecured debt;   provided   that (a) if the Debt Ratings issued by the Rating Agencies differ, the higher of such Debt Ratings shall apply, (b) if the 
  Borrower only has one Debt Rating, such Debt Rating shall apply and (c) if the Borrower does not have a 
  Debt Rating, Pricing Level 6 shall apply. 
    
     Debt Service    means, for any period with respect to a Person s Indebtedness, the sum of all Interest Charges and regularly scheduled principal payments due and payable during such period, excluding any balloon payments due upon maturity of the Indebtedness, refinancing of the Indebtedness or repayments thereof in connection with asset sales;   provided   that Debt Service shall not include any Minority Interest s share of any of the foregoing. Debt Service shall include the portion of rent payable by a Person during such period under Capital Lease Obligations that should be treated as principal in accordance with GAAP but shall exclude Interest Charges related to committed construction loans. 
    
     Debtor Relief Laws    means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
    
     Default    means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
    
     Default Rate    means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate   plus   (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans   plus   (iii) 2% per annum;   provided,     however  , that with respect to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan   plus   2% per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Committed Loans   plus   2% per annum. 
    
     Defaulting Lender    means, subject to   Section 2.17(b)  , any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion  

of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s reasonable determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, any Swing Line Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit or Swing Line Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer or a Swing Line Lender in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s reasonable determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (  provided   that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this   clause (c)   upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action;   provided   that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a 
  Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.  Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of   clauses (a)   through   (d)   above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to   Section 2.17(b)  ) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, each L/C Issuer, each Swing Line Lender   and   each   other   Lender   (including   such   Defaulting   Lender)   promptly   following   such determination. 
    
     Departing Lender    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.13. 
    
     Designated Jurisdiction    means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction. 
    
     Development  Investments     means,  as  of  any  date  of  determination,  direct  or  indirect investments in Real Property which, as of such date, is the subject of ground-up development to be used principally for office, laboratory, research, health sciences, technology, manufacturing or warehouse purposes and related real property (and appurtenant amenities);   provided,     that  , such Real Property or any portion thereof will only constitute a Development Investment from the date construction has commenced thereon until the date on which the Real Property and applicable improvements receive a final certificate of occupancy or equivalent certification allowing legal occupancy for its intended purpose. 
    
     Development Properties    means (A) Development Investments (the amount of such Investment shall be an amount equal to the aggregate costs incurred in connection therewith), (B) undeveloped land without improvements, and (C) any other Real Properties, other than improved real estate properties used principally for office, manufacturing, warehouse, research, laboratory, health sciences or technology purposes (and appurtenant amenities).   In determining Adjusted Tangible Assets on any date, the contribution to Adjusted Tangible Assets from Development Properties that are not owned 100%, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, shall be the book value of such Development Properties adjusted by multiplying same by the Borrower s or such Subsidiaries  interest therein as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending on or most recently prior to such date. 
    
     Disposition    or    Dispose    means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and  

leaseback transaction and dispositions due to casualty or condemnation) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
    
     Documentation Agents    means Barclays Bank PLC, BBVA Compass, Capital One National Association, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Mizuho Bank, LTD, Regions Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, TD Bank, N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., each in its capacity as co-documentation agent. 
    
     Dollar    and    $   mean lawful money of the United States. 
    
     Dollar Equivalent    means, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in any Alternative Currency, the equivalent amount thereof in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the 
  case may be, at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the most recent 
  Revaluation Date) for the purchase of Dollars with such Alternative Currency. 
    
     Domestic Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. 
    
     EBITDA    means, with respect to any Person (or any asset of a Person) for any fiscal period and without double counting, the sum of (a) the Net Income of such Person (or attributable to assets of the Person) for that period,   plus   (b) the following to the extent deducted in calculating Net Income of such Person (or attributable to assets of such Person) (i) any non-recurring loss,   plus   (ii) Interest Expense for that period,   plus   (iii) the aggregate amount of federal and state taxes on or measured by income of such Person for that period (whether or not payable during that period),   plus   (iv) depreciation, amortization and all other non-cash expenses (  including   non-cash officer compensation and any write-down of goodwill pursuant to GAAP) of such Person for that period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP,   plus    (v) transaction  costs,  fees  and  expenses  in  connection  with  any  capital  markets  offering,  debt financing or amendment thereto, redemption or exchange of Indebtedness, Disposition, merger or acquisition (in each case, whether or not consummated),   plus   (vi) severance and restructuring charges   plus   (vii) charges related to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness   minus   (c) any non-operating, non- recurring gain to the extent included in calculating Net Income of such Person (or attributable to assets of such Person). 
    
     EEA Financial Institution    means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in   clause (a)   of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in   clauses (a)   or   (b)   of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
    
     EEA Member Country    means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
    
     EEA Resolution Authority    means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
    
     Eligible Assignee    means (a) a Lender; (b) an Affiliate of a Lender; (c) an Approved Fund; and (d) any  other  Person  (other  than  a  natural  person)  approved  by  (i) the  Administrative  Agent,  and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);   provided   that notwithstanding the foregoing,  Eligible Assignee  shall not include the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 
    
     EMU Legislation    means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or unified European currency. 

Environmental Laws    means any and all applicable Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions governing pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
     Environmental Liability    means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
    
     Equity Interest    means, with respect to any Person, shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, and other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
    
     Equity Offering    means the issuance and sale by the Borrower or the Operating Partnership of any equity securities. 

to time. 
     ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time 
    
     ERISA Affiliate    means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
    
     ERISA Event    means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a  substantial employer  as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a  cessation  of  operations  that  is  treated  as  such  a  withdrawal  under  Section 4062(e)  of  ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA or the treatment of a Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA to the extent that such determination could reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect; or (h) the imposition of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
    
     EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule    means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the 
  Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
    
     Euro    and    EUR    mean the lawful currency of the Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the EMU Legislation. 
     Eurocurrency Bid Margin    means the margin above or below the Eurocurrency Rate to be added to or subtracted from the Eurocurrency Rate, which margin shall be expressed in multiples of 1/100th of one basis point. 

Eurocurrency Margin Bid Loan    means a Bid Loan that bears interest at a rate based upon the 
  Eurocurrency Rate. 
    
     Eurocurrency Rate    means: 
    
  (a)    with respect to any Credit Extension: 
    
  (i)         denominated in Dollars, Euro or Yen, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate (   LIBOR   ) or a comparable or successor rate, which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time and   reasonably   acceptable   to   the   Borrower)   at   approximately   11:00   a.m.,   London   time, three Business Days prior to the commencement of the applicable Interest Period, for deposits in the relevant currency (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; 
    
  (ii)        denominated in Canadian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Canadian Dealer Offered Rate, or a comparable or successor rate, which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower) at or about 10:00 a.m. (Toronto, Ontario time) on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to the applicable Interest Period; 
    
  (iii)      denominated in Australian Dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Bank Bill Swap Reference Bid Rate or a comparable or successor rate, which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower) at or about 10:30 a.m. (Melbourne, Australia time) on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to the applicable Interest Period; 
    
  (iv)       in the case of any other Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in a Non-LIBOR Quoted Currency (other than Canadian Dollars or Australian Dollars), the rate designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent, the applicable Lenders and the Alternative Currency Fronting Lender pursuant to   Section 1.05(a)  ; and 
    
  (b)        for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR, at or about 11:00 a.m., London time, determined two Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits being delivered with a term of one month commencing that day; 
    
  provided   that to the extent a comparable or successor rate is approved by the Administrative Agent in connection with any rate set forth in this definition, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice;   provided,     further  , that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
    
     Eurocurrency Rate Committed Loan    means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on   clause (a)   of the definition of  Eurocurrency Rate.  
     Eurocurrency Rate  Loan     means  a  Eurocurrency Rate  Committed  Loan  or a  Eurocurrency 
  Margin Bid Loan. 
    
     Event of Default    has the meaning set forth in   Section 8.01. 
    
     Excluded Indebtedness    means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries included in the definition of Total Indebtedness, as of such date of determination, either (a) which by its terms matures within twenty-four (24) months after such date of determination or (b) as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has the right to convert or any holder of such Indebtedness has the right to put or convert such Indebtedness within twenty- four (24) months after such date of determination. 

Excluded Taxes    means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (or any Person whose net income is measured with reference to it) (however denominated), and franchise Taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income Taxes), (i) by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located, or in which it is doing business, or in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable Lending Office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States or any similar Tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, (c) other than with respect to an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under   Section 10.13,   any United States Federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Person pursuant to a law in effect at the time such Person becomes a party hereto (or designates a new Lending Office), except to the extent that such Person (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of its appointment or designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive  additional  amounts  from  the  Borrower  with  respect  to  such  withholding  Tax  pursuant  to   Section 3.01(a)  , (d) any Taxes attributable to such Person s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with   Section 3.01(e)   and (e) any United States Federal withholding tax imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
    
     Existing  Credit  Agreement     means  that  certain  Fourth  Amended  and  Restated  Credit Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013, among the Credit Parties, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, as administrative agent, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer, and the other parties thereto, as amended prior to the date hereof. 
    
     Existing   Revolving   Commitment   Termination   Date      has   the   meaning   set   forth   in   Section 2.14(a)  . 
    
     Facility Fee    has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.09(a)  . 
    
     FATCA    means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
    
     Federal Funds Rate    means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day;   provided,   that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next 
  succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
    
     Fee Letters    means (a) that certain letter agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (b) that certain letter agreement, dated as of May 18, 2016, among the Borrower, Bank of America and the Arrangers. 
    
     Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the   ratio   obtained by  dividing  (a) Adjusted  EBITDA  for  the  period  consisting  of  that  fiscal  quarter  and  the  three immediately preceding fiscal quarters   by   (b) an amount equal to (i) Debt Service of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period,   plus   (ii) all Preferred Distributions (other than redemptions) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period. 
    
     Fixed Eurocurrency Rate    means, on any date of determination, for any Swing Line Loan, the sum of:   (a) the rate per annum equal to LIBOR (or other commercially available source providing quotations of LIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) for a 30 day interest period at approximately 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the date of borrowing   plus   (b) the Applicable Rate. If such rate is not available for any reason, then the  Fixed Eurocurrency Rate , on such date of determination, shall be (a) the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the first day of a 30 day interest period in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Swing Line Loan by Bank of America and with a term equivalent to a 30 day interest period would be offered by Bank  

of America s London Branch to major banks in the London interbank eurodollar market at their request at approximately 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the day of commencement of such 30 day interest period;   plus   (b) the Applicable Rate. 
    
     Fixed Eurocurrency Rate Loan    means a Swing Line Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Fixed Eurocurrency Rate. 
    
     Foreign L/C Issuer    means any L/C Issuer that is not a United States person as defined in 
  Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
    
     Foreign  Lender     means  any  Lender  that  is  not  a  United  States  person  as  defined  in 
  Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
    
     FRB    means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
    
     Fronting Commitment    means, with respect to any Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, the aggregate Dollar Equivalent amount of Alternative Currency Fronting Loans that such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender has agreed to make as set forth on   Schedule 2.02,   as such amount may be adjusted in accordance with   Section 10.24. 
    
     Fronting Exposure    means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, (a) with respect to an L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer other than L/C Obligations with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) with respect to a Swing Line Lender, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of Swing Line Loans made by such Swing Line Lender other than Swing Line Loans made by such Swing Line Lender as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders in accordance with the terms hereof. 
    
     Fund    means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
    
     Funds From Operations    means, with respect to any fiscal period and without double counting, an amount equal to the Net Income (or deficit) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for that period computed on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property,   plus   depreciation and amortization and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures;   provided   that Funds From Operations shall exclude one-time or non-recurring charges and impairment charges, charges from the early extinguishment of indebtedness and other non-cash charges. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect Funds From Operations on the same basis. Funds From Operations shall be reported in accordance with the NAREIT Policy Bulletin dated April 5, 2002, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
    
     GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
    
     Governmental Authority    means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision or instrumentality thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial,  taxing,  regulatory  or  administrative  powers  or  functions  of  or  pertaining  to  government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
    
     Granting Lender    has the meaning specified in   Section 10.06(h)  . 
    
     Guarantee    means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or  

having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness payable or performable by another Person (the    primary obligor   ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term  Guarantee  as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
     Guarantors    means the Operating Partnership and, if requested by the Borrower, any other Wholly-Owned   Domestic   Subsidiary   of   the   Borrower   who   becomes   a   Guarantor   pursuant   to   Section 11.08. 
    
     Hazardous Materials    means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated under any Environmental Law. 
    
     Honor Date    is defined in   Section 2.03(c)(i)  . 
    
     Indebtedness    means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with 
  GAAP: 
    
  (a)    all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such 
  Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 
    
  (b)    all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit 
           (including standby and commercial), bankers  acceptances and bank guaranties; (c) 
    net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 
     (d)        all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); 
    
  (e)        indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 
    
  (f)    Capital Lease Obligations; and 
    
  (g)    all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
    
  For all purposes hereof, (i) the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or is otherwise liable for such Indebtedness, except to the extent such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person and (ii) Indebtedness shall not include any Minority Interest s share of any of the foregoing. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any Capital Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness  

in respect thereof as of such date. 
    
     Indemnified Taxes    means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
    
     Indemnitee    has the meaning specified in   Section 10.04(b)  . 
    
     Intangible Assets    means the value of all assets of a Person and its Subsidiaries (without duplication), determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, that are considered to be intangible assets under GAAP,   including   customer lists, goodwill, copyrights, trade names, trademarks, patents, franchises, licenses, unamortized deferred charges, unamortized debt discount and capitalized research and development costs. 
    
     Interest Charges    means, as of the last day of any fiscal period and without double counting, the   sum     of   (a) Cash Interest Expense of a Person,   plus   (b) all interest currently payable in Cash by a Person which is incurred during that fiscal period and capitalized under GAAP,   minus   (c) any Minority Interest s share of Cash Interest Expense. 
    
     Interest Expense    means, with respect to any Person as of the last day of any fiscal period and without duplication, an amount equal to (a) all interest, fees, charges and related expenses paid or payable (without duplication) for that fiscal period by that Person to a lender in connection with borrowed money (including any obligations for fees, charges and related expenses payable to the issuer of any letter of credit) or the deferred purchase price of assets that are considered  interest expense  under GAAP,   plus   (b) the portion of rent paid or payable (without duplication) for that fiscal period by that Person under Capital Lease Obligations,   minus   (or   plus  , as applicable) (c) amounts received (or paid) under Swap Contracts   plus   (d) all other amounts considered to be  interest expense  under GAAP. 
    
     Interest Payment Date    means the last Business Day of each month. 
    
     Interest Period    means, (a) as to each Eurocurrency Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Loan is disbursed or, in the case of any Eurocurrency Rate Committed Loan, converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Rate Loan and ending on the date one or three months thereafter, or 7 days, two or six months thereafter (in each case subject to availability) or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all applicable Lenders, as selected by the Borrower in its applicable Committed Loan Notice or Bid Request, as the case may be; and (b) as to each Absolute Rate Loan, a period of not less than 7 days and not more than 180 days as selected by the Borrower in its Bid Request;   provided   that: 
    
  (i)         any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 
    
  (ii)        any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Rate Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 
    
  (iii)    no  Interest  Period  shall  extend  beyond  the  Revolving  Commitment 
  Termination Date. 
    
     Investment    means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any  

arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition 
  (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For  purposes  of  covenant  compliance,  the  amount  of  any  Investment  shall  be  the  amount  actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment, but reduced by any amounts received in respect of such Investment which constitute capital distributions, principal, sale proceeds or otherwise in respect thereof. 
    
     IP Rights    has the meaning specified in   Section 5.16. 
    
     IRS    means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
    
     ISP    means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the  International Standby Practices 1998  published by the Institute of International Banking Law   Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the time of issuance). 
    
     Issuer Documents    means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of such L/C Issuer and relating to any such Letter of Credit. 
    
     Joinder Agreement    means a joinder agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as 
  Exhibit F  . 
    
     JPM    means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its successors. 
    
     Laws    means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
    
     L/C Advance    means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, such Revolving Lender s funding of  its  participation  in  any  L/C Borrowing  in  accordance  with  its  Applicable  Percentage.     All L/C Advances shall be denominated in Dollars. 
    
     L/C Borrowing    means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Committed Borrowing. All L/C Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars. 
    
     L/C Credit Extension    means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. 
    
     L/C Issuer    means any of Bank of America, JPM and Citibank, in each case, in its capacity as an issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
    
     L/C Obligations    means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit   plus   the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. For purposes of computing the amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with   Section 1.08.    For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be  outstanding  in the amount so remaining available to be drawn. 
     Lender    has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto and, as the context requires, includes each Revolving Lender, each Swing Line Lender, a Bid Lender, each Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, each Alternative Currency Funding Lender and each Alternative Currency Participating Lender, as applicable. 

Lender Joinder Agreement    means a lender joinder agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit G  . 
    
     Lender Party    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.07(a)  . 
    
     Lending Office    means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
    
     Letter of Credit    means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder.  Letters of Credit may be issued in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. 
    
     Letter  of  Credit  Application     means  an  application  and  agreement  for  the  issuance  or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the applicable L/C Issuer. 
    
     Letter of Credit Expiration Date    means the day that is seven days prior to the Revolving Commitment Termination Date then in effect (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day). 
    
     Letter of Credit Fee    has the meaning specified in   Section 2.03(h)  . 
    
     Letter of Credit Sublimit    means an amount equal to $75,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. 
    
     Leverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing (a) Adjusted Total Indebtedness as of such date   by   (b) (i) Adjusted Tangible Assets as of such date   minus   (ii) the amount of Excluded Indebtedness deducted in connection with the determination of Adjusted Total Indebtedness as of such date. 
    
     LIBOR    has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurocurrency Rate. 
    
     LIBOR Quoted Currency    means each of the following currency: Dollars; Euro; Sterling; and 
  Yen; in each case as long as there is a published LIBOR rate with respect thereto. 
    
     Lien     means  any  mortgage,  deed  of  trust,  pledge,  hypothecation,  assignment  for  security, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, other than a precautionary financing statement with respect to a lease that is not in the nature of a security interest). 
    
     Loan    means a Revolving Loan, a Swing Line Loan, a Bid Loan and/or an L/C Borrowing, as the context requires. 
     Loan Documents    means this Agreement, each Revolving Note, each Issuer Document, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of   Section 2.16   of this Agreement, the Fee Letters and any other instrument, document or agreement from time to time delivered by a Credit Party in connection with this Agreement. 
    
     Managing Agents    means the following: Bank of the West, Branch Banking and Trust Company and PNC Bank National Association. 
    
     MLPFS    means Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner   Smith Incorporated and its successors. 
    
     Material Acquisition    means an Acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in which the value of the  

assets acquired in such Acquisition exceeds five per cent (5%) of Total Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (after giving effect to such Acquisition). 
    
     Material Adverse Effect    means a material adverse effect on (a) the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document (other than as a result of any action or inaction of the Administrative Agent or any Lender), (b) the business or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or (c) the ability of the Credit Parties to perform the payment and other material Obligations under the Loan Documents. 
    
     Material Unsecured Indebtedness    means outstanding third party unsecured borrowed money 
  Indebtedness (including guaranties thereof), in a principal amount equal to or greater than $25,000,000. 
    
     Maximum Rate    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.09. 
    
     Minimum Collateral Amount    means, at any time, (a) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of  cash  or  deposit  account  balances  provided  to reduce  or  eliminate  Fronting Exposure  during the existence of a Defaulting Lender, an amount equal to 100% of the Fronting Exposure of each applicable L/C Issuer with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time, (b) with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances provided in accordance with the provisions of   Section 2.16(a)(i)  ,    (a)(ii)   or    (a)(iii)  ,  an  amount  equal  to  100%  of  the  Outstanding  Amount  of  all L/C Obligations, and (c) otherwise, an amount determined by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer in their sole discretion. 
    
     Minority Interest    means, with respect to any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, direct or indirect, of the Borrower, any ownership interest of a third party in such Subsidiary. 
    
     Moody s    means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
    
     Mortgageable  Ground  Lease     means  on  any  date  of  determination,  a  lease  or  similar arrangement providing the right to occupy Real Property (a) which is granted by the fee owner of Real Property, (b) which has a remaining term (calculated only once on the Closing Date or the date the Real Property   subject   to   such   lease   becomes   a   Qualified   Asset   Pool   Property)   of   not   less   than twenty-five (25) years, including extension options exercisable solely at the discretion of the Borrower or any  applicable  Subsidiary,  (c) under  which  no  material  default  has  occurred  and  is  continuing  and (d) with respect to which a security interest may be granted (i) without the consent of the lessor or (ii) pursuant to the consent of the lessor, which consent has been granted. 
    
     Multiemployer   Plan      means   any   employee   benefit   plan   of   the   type   described   in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make  contributions,  or  during  the  preceding  five  plan  years,  has  made  or  been  obligated  to  make contributions. 
    
     Negative Pledge    means a Contractual Obligation that contains a covenant binding on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that prohibits Liens on any of their Property,   other     than   (a) any such covenant contained in a Contractual Obligation granting or relating to a particular Lien which affects only the property that is the subject of such Lien and (b) any such covenant that does not apply to, or otherwise permits, Liens which may secure the Obligations now or in the future. 
    
     Net Income    means, for any period and for any Person, the net income of the Person for that period, determined in accordance with GAAP;   provided   that there shall be excluded therefrom the net amount of any real estate gains or losses. 
    
     Net Rentable Area    means with respect to any Real Property, the floor area of any buildings, structures or improvements available for leasing to tenants (excluding storage lockers and parking spaces) determined in accordance with the Borrower s or its applicable Subsidiary s rent roll for such Real Property, the manner of such determination shall be consistently applied for all Real Property, unless otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent. 
    
     NOI    means, with respect to any Revenue-Producing Property and with respect to any fiscal period, the   sum   of (a) the net income of that Revenue-Producing Property for that period,   plus   (b) Interest Expense of that Revenue-Producing  

Property for that period,   plus   (c) the aggregate amount of federal and state taxes on or measured by income of that Revenue-Producing Property for that period (whether or not payable during that period),   plus   (d) depreciation, amortization and all other non-cash expenses of that Revenue-Producing Property for that period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
    
     Non-Defaulting Lender    means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
    
     Non-LIBOR Quoted Currency    means any currency other than a LIBOR Quoted Currency. 
    
     Non-Recourse Debt    means Indebtedness of any Person for which the liability of such Person (except with respect to fraud, Environmental Laws liability, misapplication of funds, bankruptcy, transfer of collateral in violation of the applicable loan documents, failure to obtain consent for subordinate financing  in  violation  of  the  applicable  loan  documents  and  other  exceptions  customary  in  like transactions at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) either is contractually limited to collateral securing such Indebtedness or is so limited by operation of Laws. 
    
     Note(s)    means Revolving Notes and/or the Swing Line Notes, individually or collectively, as appropriate. 
    
     Obligations    means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations of, any Credit Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
    
     Obligor Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary (other than the Operating Partnership) that is not a 
  Guarantor but is obligated with respect to any Material Unsecured Indebtedness. 
     Obligor Subsidiary Debt    means third party unsecured borrowed money Indebtedness (including guaranties) of any Obligor Subsidiary. 
    
     OFAC    means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
    
     Operating Partnership    has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 
    
     Organization Documents    means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
    
     Other Connection Taxes    means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
    
     Other Investments       means    Investments    other    than    (a) Development    Properties    and (b) Investments in Real Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries consisting of improved real estate property used principally for office, laboratory, research, health sciences, technology, manufacturing or warehouse purposes (and appurtenant amenities).  In determining Adjusted Tangible Assets on any date, the contribution to Adjusted Tangible Assets from Other Investments that are not owned 100%, directly or  indirectly,  by  the  Borrower  or  any  of  its  Subsidiaries,  shall  be  the  book  value  of   

such  Other Investments adjusted by multiplying same by the Borrower s or such Subsidiaries  interest therein as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending on or most recently prior to such date. 
    
     Other Taxes    means all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document;   provided,     however  , that  Other Taxes  shall not include such amounts to the extent imposed as a result of any transfer by any Lender or the Administrative Agent of any interest in or under any Loan Document. 
    
     Outstanding Amount    means (a) with respect to Committed Loans on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Committed Loans occurring on such date; (b) with respect to Swing Line Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Swing Line Loans occurring on such date; (c) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts and (d) with 
  respect to Bid Loans on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such Bid Loans occurring on such date. 
    
     Overnight Rate    means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the applicable L/C Issuer, or the applicable Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, the rate of interest per annum at which overnight deposits in the applicable Alternative Currency, in an amount approximately equal to the amount with respect to which such rate is being determined, would be offered for such day by a branch or Affiliate of Bank of America in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency to major banks in such interbank market in accordance with banking industry rules or practices in such offshore interbank market. 
    
     Participant    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.06(d)  . 
    
     Participant Register    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.06(d)  . 
    
     Participating Member State    means any member state of the European Union that has the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with EMU Legislation. 
    
     PBGC    means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
    
     Pension Funding Rules    means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in, with respect to  plan  years  ending  prior  to  the  effective  date  of  the  Pension  Act,  Section 412  of  the  Code  and Section 302 of ERISA, each as in effect prior to the Pension Act and, thereafter, Section 412, 430, 431, 
  432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
    
     Pension  Plan     means  any   employee  pension  benefit  plan   (as  such  term  is  defined  in Section 3(2) of ERISA) including a multiple employer plan but not including a Multiemployer Plan; that is maintained or is contributed to by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
    
     Permitted Liens    means: 
    
  (a)        inchoate Liens incident to construction on or maintenance of Property; or Liens incident to construction  

on or maintenance of Property now or hereafter filed of record for which adequate  reserves  have  been  set  aside,  to  the  extent  required  by  GAAP  (or  deposits  made pursuant to applicable Law), and which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and have not proceeded to judgment, provided that, by reason of nonpayment of the obligations secured by such Liens, no such Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture; 
    
  (b)        Liens for taxes and assessments on Property which are not yet past due; or Liens for Taxes for which adequate reserves have been set aside, to the extent required by GAAP, and are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and have not proceeded to judgment, provided that, by reason of nonpayment of the obligations secured by such Liens, no such Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture; 
  (c)        defects and irregularities in title to any Property which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
    
  (d)        easements,  exceptions,  reservations,  or  other  agreements  for  the  purpose  of pipelines, conduits, cables, wire communication lines, power lines and substations, streets, trails, walkways, drainage, irrigation, water, and sewerage purposes, dikes, canals, ditches, the removal of oil, gas, coal, or other minerals, and other like purposes affecting Property in the ordinary course; 
    
  (e)       easements, exceptions, reservations, or other agreements for the purpose of facilitating the joint or common use of Property in or adjacent to a shopping center, business or office park or similar project affecting Property in the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 
    
  (f)         rights reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate, or obligations or duties to any Governmental Authority with respect to, the use of any Property; 
    
  (g)        rights reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate, or  obligations  or  duties  to  any  Governmental  Authority  with  respect  to,  any  right,  power, franchise, grant, license, or permit; 
    
  (h)        present  or  future  zoning  laws  and  ordinances  or  other  laws  and  ordinances restricting the occupancy, use, or enjoyment of Property in the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 
    
  (i)         statutory Liens, other than those described in clauses (a) or (b) above, arising in the ordinary course of business (but not in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness) with respect to obligations which are not delinquent or are being contested in good faith, provided that, if delinquent, adequate reserves have been set aside with respect thereto, to the extent required by GAAP, and, by reason of nonpayment, no Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture; 
    
  (j)         covenants, conditions, and restrictions affecting the use of Property which may not give rise to any Lien against such Property in the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 
    
  (k)    rights of tenants as tenants only under leases and rental agreements covering 
  Property entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Person owning such Property; 
    
  (l)        Liens consisting of pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers  compensation laws or similar legislation, including Liens of judgments thereunder which are not currently dischargeable; 
    
  (m)      Liens consisting of pledges or deposits of Property to secure performance in connection with operating leases made in the ordinary course of business; 
    
  (n)       deposits to secure the performance of bids, contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety bonds (other than bonds related to judgments or litigation), performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(o)        Liens consisting of any right of offset, or statutory bankers  lien, on bank deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business so long as such bank deposit accounts are not established or maintained for the purpose of providing such right of offset or bankers  lien; 
    
  (p)    Liens consisting of deposits of Property to secure statutory obligations of any 
  Credit Party or any Subsidiary; 
    
  (q)    Liens securing Obligations; and 
    
  (r)         Liens  created  by or  resulting from any litigation  or  legal  proceeding in  the ordinary course of business which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that, adequate reserves have been set aside and no material Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture. 
    
     Permitted Purposes    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.07(a)  . 
    
     Person    means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
    
     Plan    means any  employee benefit plan  (as such term is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) established by the Borrower, or with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 
    
     Platform    has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.02. 
    
     Preferred Distributions    means for any period, the amount of any and all Restricted Payments due and payable in cash by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period to the holders of Preferred Equity but shall not include (i) any Minority Interest s share of any such Restricted Payments or (ii) any such Restricted Payments paid to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
    
     Preferred Equity    means any form of preferred stock (whether perpetual, convertible or otherwise) or other ownership or beneficial interest in the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that entitles the holders thereof to preferential payment or distribution priority with respect to dividends, assets or other payments over the holders of any other stock or other ownership or beneficial interest in such Person. 
    
     Property     means  all  assets  of  the  Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries,  whether  real  property  or personal property. 
    
     Public Lender    has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.02. 
    
     Qualified Asset Pool Property    means Qualified Land, Qualified Revenue-Producing Property, Qualified Development Assets and Qualified Joint Venture Property. 
    
     Qualified Development Asset    means a Real Property that: 
    
  (a)    satisfies the Base Qualifications; 
    
  (b)    constitutes a Development Investment; and 
    
  (c)    does  not  otherwise  constitute  a  Qualified  Revenue-Producing  Property or Qualified Land. 
    
     Qualified Joint Venture Property    means a Real Property, owned and controlled by a direct or indirect non-wholly-owned Subsidiary, that is any of a Qualified Revenue-Producing Property, Qualified Land  and/or  a  Qualified  Development  Asset.    For  purposes  of  this  definition   controlled   means exclusive control of any disposition, refinancing and operating  

activity without the consent of any other party (other than (i) the Borrower or (ii) any of its Subsidiaries, as long as such Subsidiary does not need the consent of any minority equity holder thereof to consent to any disposition, refinancing or operating activity). 
    
     Qualified Land    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, Real Property that: 
  (a)    satisfies the Base Qualifications;  
  (b)    is entitled; and 
  (c)    does  not  otherwise  constitute  a  Qualified  Revenue-Producing  Property  or Qualified Development Asset. 
    
     Qualified Revenue-Producing Property    means a Revenue-Producing Property that: 
    
  (a)    satisfies the Base Qualifications; and 
    
    (b)    is occupied or available for occupancy (subject to final tenant improvements); 
    
  (c)    does not otherwise constitute a Qualified Development Asset or Qualified Land. 
    
     Rate Determination Date    means, with respect to any Interest Period, the date that is two (2) Business Days prior to  
  the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent;   provided,   that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower). 
    
     Rating Agencies    means (a) S P and (b) Moody s. 
    
     Real  Property     means,  as  of  any  date  of  determination,  real  property  (together  with  the underlying real property interests and appurtenant real property rights) then owned, leased or occupied by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 
    
     Register    has the meaning specified in   Section 10.06(c)  . 
    
     REIT Status    means, with respect to any Person, (a) the qualification of such Person as a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, and (b) the applicability to such Person and its shareholders of the method of taxation provided for in Sections 857   et     seq.   of the Code. 
    
     Related Parties    means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
    
     Replacement Lender    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.13. 
    
     Reportable Event    means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
    
     Request  for  Credit  Extension     means  (a) with  respect  to  a  Borrowing,  conversion  or continuation of Committed Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application, (c) with respect to a Bid Loan, a Bid Request, and (d) with respect to a Swing Line Loan, a Swing Line Loan Notice. 

Required Lenders    means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Lenders having more than 
  50% of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or, if the Aggregate Revolving Commitments have been terminated pursuant to   Section 8.02,   Revolving Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50% of the 
  Total Revolving Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Lender s risk participation 
  and funded participation in L/C Obligations, Swing Line Loans and Revolving Loans denominated in an 
  Alternative Currency deemed  held  by such Revolving Lender for purposes of this definition);   provided   that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Revolving Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
    
     Required Revolving Lenders    means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Lenders having more than 50% of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or, if the Aggregate Revolving Commitments have been terminated pursuant to   Section 8.02,   Revolving Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 
  50% of the Total Revolving Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans deemed  held  by such 
  Revolving Lender for purposes of this definition);   provided   that the Commitment of, and the portion of 
  the Total Revolving Outstandings held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Revolving Lenders. 
    
     Responsible Officer    means, (a) with respect to delivery of executed copies of this Agreement or any Compliance Certificate, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or any executive vice president of the applicable Credit Party (or the partner or member or manager, as applicable), (b) solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to   Article II  , any officer referred to in the foregoing   clause (a)   and any other officer or employee of the applicable Credit Party so designated by any of such officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Credit Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Credit Party and the Administrative Agent, and (c) for all other purposes, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, secretary, assistant secretary or any executive vice president of the applicable Credit Party (or the partner or member or manager, as applicable). Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Credit Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Credit Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Credit Party. 
    
     Restricted Payment    means, with respect to any equity interest or any warrant or option to purchase  an  equity  interest  issued  by  the  Borrower  or  any  of  its  Subsidiaries,  (a) the  retirement, redemption, purchase or other acquisition for Cash or for Property by the Borrower or such Subsidiary of any such security or interest (excluding any Indebtedness which by its terms is convertible into an Equity Interest), (b) the declaration or (without duplication) payment by the Borrower or such Subsidiary of any dividend in Cash or in Property on or with respect to any such security or interest and (c) any other payment in Cash or Property by the Borrower or such Subsidiary constituting a distribution under applicable Laws with respect to such security or interest. 
     Revaluation Date    means (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following:  (i) each date of a Borrowing of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of a continuation  of  a  Eurocurrency  Rate  Loan  denominated  in  an  Alternative  Currency  pursuant  to   Section 2.02,   (iii) the date the applicable Alternative Currency Fronting Lender has requested payment from the Alternative Currency Participating Lenders in Dollars, and with respect to all other instances pursuant to   Section 2.02(f)   the date on which payments in Dollars are made between such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender and Alternative Currency Participating Lenders with respect to such Loan and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following:  (i) each date of issuance of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of an amendment of any such Letter of Credit having the effect of increasing the amount thereof, (iii) each date of any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, and (iv) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 
    
     Revenue-Producing Property    means an identifiable improved Real Property that is used principally for office, laboratory, research, health sciences, technology, manufacturing or warehouse purposes and related real property (and  

appurtenant amenities), or for such other revenue-producing purposes as the Required Lenders may approve. 
    
     Revolving  Commitment     means,  as  to  each  Revolving  Lender,  its  obligation  to  (a) make Revolving   Loans   to   the   Borrower   pursuant   to     Section 2.01,     (b) purchase   participations   in L/C Obligations, (c) purchase participations in Swing Line Loans and (d) if such Lender is an Alternative Currency Participating Lender with respect to any Alternative Currency, purchase Alternative Currency Risk Participations in Revolving Loans denominated in such Alternative Currency, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Revolving Lender s name on   Schedule 2.01   or in the Assignment and Assumption or Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Revolving Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
    
     Revolving Commitment Termination Date    means the earlier of (a) the later of (i) October [29], 
  2020 and (ii) if the Revolving Commitment Termination Date is extended pursuant to   Section 2.14  , such extended Revolving Commitment Termination Date as determined pursuant to such   Section 2.14   and 
  (b) the date the Revolving Commitments are terminated pursuant to   Section 2.06   or   Article VIII  . 
    
     Revolving Lender    means each Lender that has a Revolving Commitment or, following termination of the Revolving Commitments, has Revolving Loans outstanding or a risk participation in L/C Obligations, Swing Line Loans or Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currency. 
    
     Revolving Loan    means a Base Rate Loan or a Eurocurrency Rate Loan made to the Borrower by a Revolving Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage pursuant to   Section 2.01(a)  , except as otherwise provided herein. 
    
     Revolving Note    means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of, and payable to the order of, a Revolving Lender evidencing Revolving Loans made by such Revolving Lender, substantially in the form of   Exhibit C-1.     A Revolving Note shall be executed by the Borrower in favor of each Revolving Lender requesting a Revolving Note. 
    
     S P    means Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard   Poor s Financial Services LLC 
  business and any successor thereto. 
     Same  Day  Funds     means  (a) with  respect  to  disbursements  and  payments  in  Dollars, immediately available funds,  and (b) with  respect to  disbursements  and  payments  in  an  Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency. 
    
     Sanction(s)    means any international economic sanction(s) administered or enforced by the 
  United States Government (including, without limitation, OFAC). 
    
     SEC    means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
    
     SEC Report    means all filings on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K with the SEC made by the Borrower pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
    
     Secured  Debt     means,  without  duplication,  (a) Indebtedness  of  the  Borrower  or  any  of  its Subsidiaries that is secured by a Lien and (b) Obligor Subsidiary Debt;   provided,   that Secured Debt shall not include any of the Obligations. 
    
     Secured Debt Ratio    means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing (a) the Secured Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date   by   (b) the Adjusted Tangible Assets, as of such date. 
    
     Solvent    means, as to any Person, that, as of any date of determination, (a) the amount of the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, exceed the amount of all liabilities of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as of such date, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than  

the amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its existing or anticipated debts as such debts become absolute and matured, and (c) such Person will not have as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business. 
    
     SPC    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.06(h)  . 
    
     Special Notice Currency    means at any time an Alternative Currency, other than the currency of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development at such time located in North America or Europe, including, without limitation, Yen and Australian Dollars. 
    
     Spot  Rate     for  a  currency  means  the  rate  determined  by  the  Administrative  Agent  or  an L/C Issuer, as applicable, to be the rate quoted by the Person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the  purchase  by  such  Person  of  such  currency  with  another  currency  through  its  principal  foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which  the  foreign  exchange  computation  is  made;    provided    that  the  Administrative  Agent  or  such L/C Issuer may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by the Administrative Agent  or  such  L/C Issuer  if  the  Person  acting  in  such  capacity  does  not  have  as  of  the  date  of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency; and   provided     further   that such L/C Issuer may use such spot rate quoted on the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made in the case of any Letter of Credit issued by it denominated in an Alternative Currency. 
    
     Sterling    and         mean the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
     Subsidiary     of  a  Person  means  a  corporation,  partnership,  joint  venture,  limited  liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries,  or  both,  by  such  Person.    Unless  otherwise  specified,  all  references  herein  to  a  Subsidiary  or to  Subsidiaries  shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
    
     Swap Contract    means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a    Master Agreement   ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
    
     Swap Termination Value    means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced  in    clause (a)  ,  the  amount(s)  determined  as  the  mark-to-market  value(s)  for  such  Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
    
     Swing Line    means the revolving credit facility made available by the Swing Line Lenders pursuant to   Section 2.04. 
    
     Swing Line Borrowing    means a borrowing of a Swing Line Loan pursuant to   Section 2.04. 
    
     Swing Line Lender    means any of Bank of America, JPM and Citibank, in each case, in its capacity as provider  

of Swing Line Loans, or any successor swing line lender hereunder. 
    
     Swing Line Loan    has the meaning specified in   Section 2.04(a)  . 
    
     Swing  Line  Loan  Notice     means  a  notice  of  a  Swing  Line  Borrowing  pursuant  to 
  Section 2.04(b)  , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of   Exhibit B  . 
    
     Swing Line Note    means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of, and payable to the order of, a Swing Line Lender evidencing Swing Line Loans made by such Swing Line Lender, substantially in the form of   Exhibit C-2.    A Swing Line Note shall be executed by the Borrower in favor of each Swing Line Lender requesting a Swing Line Note. 
    
     Swing Line Sublimit    means an amount equal to $200,000,000.   The Swing Line Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Aggregate Revolving Commitments. 
     Syndication Agents    means JPM and Citi each in its capacity as co-syndication agent. 
    
     TARGET2     means  the  Trans-European  Automated  Real-time  Gross  Settlement  Express 
  Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 
  19, 2007. 
    
     TARGET Day    means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
    
     Taxes    means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
    
     Total Assets    means the value of all assets of a Person and its Subsidiaries (without duplication), determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP;   provided   that all Real Property shall be valued based on its Unencumbered Asset Value (it being understood that the Unencumbered Asset Value for any Real Property that is not a Qualified Asset Pool Property shall be calculated as if it was a Qualified Asset Pool Property).  In the event that a Person has an ownership or other equity interest in any other Person, which investment is not consolidated in accordance with GAAP (that is, such interest is a  minority interest ), then the assets of a Person and its Subsidiaries shall include such Person s or its Subsidiaries  allocable share of all assets of such Person in which a minority interest is owned based on such Person s respective ownership interest in such other Person. 
    
     Total Indebtedness    means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: 
    
  (a)    all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such 
  Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 
    
  (b)    all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit 
           (including standby and commercial), bankers  acceptances and bank guaranties; (c) 
    net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 
     (d)        all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); 
    
  (e)        indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements),  

whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 
    
  (f)    Capital Lease Obligations; and 
    
  (g)    all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
    
  For all purposes hereof, Total Indebtedness shall not include any Minority Interest s share of any of the foregoing. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be (i) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (ii) for any date prior to the date referenced in   clause (i)  , zero.  The amount of any Capital Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 
    
     Total   Outstandings       means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of    all Loans and L/C Obligations. 
    
     Total Revolving Outstandings    means the sum of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Loans   plus   (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans   plus   (iii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations   plus   (iv) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Bid Loans. 
    
     Trade Date    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.06(b)  . 
    
     Type    means (a) with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, and (b) with respect to a Bid Loan, its character as an Absolute Rate Loan or a Eurocurrency Margin Bid Loan. 
    
     Unencumbered    means, with respect to any Revenue-Producing Property, Qualified Land or Qualified Development Assets, that such Revenue-Producing Property, Qualified Land or Qualified Development Assets (a) is not subject to any Lien   other     than   Permitted Liens, (b) is not subject to any Negative Pledge and (c) is not held by a Person any of whose direct or indirect equity interests are subject to a Lien or Negative Pledge. 
    
     Unencumbered  Asset  Value     means,  as  of  any  date  of  determination  and  without  double counting any item, the following amounts for the following types of Real Property: 
    
  (a)        with respect to any Qualified Revenue-Producing Property owned for a full four consecutive fiscal quarter period or longer, an amount equal to (i) the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the prior four full consecutive fiscal quarters divided by (ii) the Capitalization Rate;   provided   that in the event any such Real Property sustains any material damage, the value of any business interruption insurance proceeds owed to or received by the Borrower during such period with respect to such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property shall be included in the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the periods from the date of such material damage until such time as such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property becomes fully operational. 
    
  (b)        with respect to any Qualified Revenue-Producing Property owned for less than four full consecutive fiscal quarters, an amount equal to (i) the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the period which the Borrower or applicable Subsidiary has owned and operated such Real Property, adjusted by the Borrower to an annual Adjusted NOI in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent,   divided   by (ii) the Capitalization Rate;   provided   that in the event any such Real Property sustains any material damage, the value of any business interruption insurance proceeds owed to or received by the Borrower during such period with respect to such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property shall be included in the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the periods from the date of such material damage until such time as such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property becomes fully operational. 
    
  (c)        with respect to Qualified Revenue-Producing Property that is being renovated or with respect to which a partial or total renovation was recently completed, an amount as determined at the sole election of the Administrative Agent based on (i) the annualized Adjusted NOI with respect to such Real Property, annualized based on bona fide, arm s length signed tenant leases which are in full force and effect requiring current rental payments,   divided   by the 

Capitalization Rate, or (ii) the cost basis of such Real Property determined in accordance with GAAP   multiplied   by the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  percentage ownership interest in such Qualified Revenue Property. 
    
  (d)        with respect to any Real Property that constitutes Qualified Land, an amount equal to, at the option of the Borrower, (i) the cost basis as determined in accordance with GAAP or the Appraised Value (if any) of such Qualified Land   multiplied   by (ii) the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  percentage ownership interest in such Qualified Land. 
    
  (e)        with respect to any Real Property that constitutes Qualified Development Assets, an amount equal to (i) the cost basis as determined in accordance with GAAP of such Qualified Development Asset   multiplied   by (ii) the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  percentage ownership interest in such Qualified Development Asset;   provided   that if all or any portion of a Qualified Development Asset is materially damaged, the value of such Qualified Development Asset shall be the amount assigned to such Qualified Development Asset prior to the damage less the amount (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) by which the casualty insurance proceeds that are owed or received in respect of such casualty event are insufficient to restore such Qualified Development Asset for a period of up to the lesser of (x) 365 days following such casualty event and (y) the date such Qualified Development Asset is restored and fully functional. 
    
     United States    and    U.S.    mean the United States of America. 
    
     Unreimbursed Amount    has the meaning specified in   Section 2.03(c)(i)  . 
    
     Unrelated  Person     means  any  Person  other  than  (i) a  Subsidiary  of  the  Borrower,  (ii) an employee stock ownership plan or other employee benefit plan covering the employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (iii) any Person that held Common Stock on the day prior to the effective date of the Borrower s registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 covering the initial public offering of Common Stock. 
    
     Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the aggregate Adjusted NOI from the Qualified Asset Pool Properties for that fiscal quarter and the preceding three full fiscal quarters,   by   (b) the aggregate Interest Charges for such period in respect of the unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt). The Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio shall be determined by the Borrower and such determination shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall exclude interest during construction to the extent capitalized. 
    
     Unsecured  Leverage  Ratio     means,  as  of  the  last day  of  each  fiscal  quarter,  the  ratio  (as expressed as a percentage) of (a) (i) aggregate unsecured Adjusted Total Indebtedness as of such date   minus   (ii) Obligor Subsidiary Debt as of such date   to   (b) (i) the Adjusted Unencumbered Asset Value as of such date   minus   (ii) the amount of unsecured Excluded Indebtedness (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt)  deducted  in  the  calculation  of  aggregate  unsecured  Adjusted  Total  Indebtedness  pursuant  to   clause (a)(i)   above. 
    
     Wholly-Owned Subsidiary    means a Subsidiary of the Borrower, 100% of the capital stock or other equity interest of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower, except for director s qualifying shares and nominal shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Laws. 
    
     Write-Down and Conversion Powers    means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
    
     Yen    and         mean the lawful currency of Japan. 

1.02        Other Interpretive Provisions.    With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless 
  otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
    
  (a)        The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words  include,   includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation.  The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall.  Unless the context requires  otherwise,  (i) any  definition  of  or  reference  to  any  agreement,  instrument  or  other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented  or  otherwise  modified  (subject  to  any  restrictions  on  such  amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words  herein,   hereof  and  hereunder,  and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and  Schedules shall  be  construed  to  refer  to  Articles and  Sections of,  and  Exhibits  and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words  asset  and  property  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
    
  (b)        In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word  from  means  from and including;  the words  to  and  until  each mean  to but excluding;  and the word  through  means  to and including.  
    
  (c)        Section headings  herein  and  in  the  other  Loan  Documents  are  included  for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
    
  1.03        Accounting Terms/Financial Covenants  . 
    
  (a)          Generally  .   All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, the effects of FASB ASC 825 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
  (b)          Changes in GAAP or Funds From Operations  . If at any time any change in GAAP or the calculation of Funds From Operations would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or Funds From Operations (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower);   provided   that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP or Funds From Operations, as applicable, prior to such change therein and (ii) upon written request, the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders) financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving  effect  to  such  change  in  GAAP  or  Funds  From  Operations.    Without  limiting  the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above. 

(c)          Calculation of Financial Covenants  .  For purposes of calculation of the applicable financial covenants, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be given credit for properties held by an  exchange accommodation titleholder  pursuant to an exchange that qualifies as a reverse exchange under Section 1031 of the Code (including in the event any such property is subject to a mortgage in favor of, or for the benefit of, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries). 
    
  1.04        Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents  . 
    
  (a)        The Administrative Agent or an L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Spot Rates as of each Revaluation Date to be used for calculating Dollar Equivalent and/or Alternative Currency Equivalents amounts of Credit Extensions and Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies.  Such Spot Rates shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Spot Rates employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur.  Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or an L/C Issuer, as applicable. 
    
  (b)        Wherever  in  this  Agreement  in  connection  with  a  Committed  Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Committed Borrowing, Eurocurrency Rate Loan or Letter of Credit is  denominated  in  an  Alternative  Currency,  such  amount  shall  be  the  relevant  Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or an L/C Issuer, as the case may be. 
    
  (c)        The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of  Eurocurrency Rate  or with respect to any comparable or successor rate thereto. 

1.05        Additional Alternative Currencies  . 
    
  (a)        The Borrower may from time to time request that Eurocurrency Rate Loans be made and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of  Alternative Currency    provided   that such requested currency is a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and  for  which  Bloomberg  (or  any  successor  thereto)  reports  a  Eurocurrency  Rate  for  such currency for the applicable Interest Periods.  In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent, the applicable Lenders and the applicable Alternative Currency Fronting Lender and, in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer. 
    
  (b)    Any such  request  shall  be  made  to  the  Administrative  Agent  not  later than 
  11:00 a.m., 20 Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer, in its sole discretion).  In the case of any such request pertaining to Eurocurrency Rate Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof; and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the applicable L/C Issuer thereof.  Each applicable Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Eurocurrency Rate Loans) or the applicable L/C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent,  not  later  than  11:00 a.m.  ten Business  Days  after  receipt  of  such  request  whether  it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Eurocurrency Rate Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency. 
    
  (c)        Any failure by a Lender or an L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Eurocurrency Rate Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued by such L/C Issuer in such requested currency.   If the Administrative Agent and all the applicable Lenders consent to making Eurocurrency Rate Loans in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Committed Borrowings of Eurocurrency Rate Loans; and if the Administrative Agent and an L/C Issuer consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit by such L/C Issuer in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Borrower and such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency hereunder for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances by such L/C Issuer.  If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain  consent  to  any  request  for  an  additional  currency  under  this    Section 1.05,    the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Borrower. 
    
  1.06      Change of Currency  . 
    
  (a)        Each obligation of the Borrower to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption (in accordance with the EMU Legislation).  If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the London interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as 
    
  its lawful currency;   provided   that if any Committed Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Committed Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period. 
    
  (b)        Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as  

the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro. 
    
  (c)        Each  provision  of  this  Agreement  also  shall  be  subject  to  such  reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency. 
    
  1.07      Times of Day  .  Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Pacific time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
    
  1.08      Letter of Credit Amounts  .  Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time;   provided,     however  , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 

ARTICLE II 
    
  THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
    
  2.01      Committed Loans  .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, a    Revolving Loan   ) to the Borrower in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment;   provided,     however  , that after giving effect to any Committed Borrowing,   (i) the   Total   Revolving   Outstandings   shall   not   exceed   the   Aggregate   Revolving Commitments, (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Revolving Lender   less  , with respect only to an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, the aggregate Alternative Currency Risk Participations in all Loans advanced by such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender denominated in Alternative Currencies,   plus  , with respect only to the Alternative Currency Participating Lenders, the Outstanding Amount of such Lender s Alternative Currency Risk Participations in Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies and advanced by the Alternative Currency Fronting Lenders,   plus   such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations,   plus   such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such  Revolving  Lender s  Revolving  Commitment,  (iii) the  aggregate  Outstanding  Amount  of  all Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit and (iv) after giving effect to any Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies and advanced by an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, the aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent amount of all such Revolving Loans funded by such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender shall not exceed the Fronting Commitment of such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender. Within the limits of each Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this   Section 2.01,   prepay under   Section 2.05,   and reborrow under this   Section 2.01.    On the 
  Closing Date, all Revolving Loans shall be Base Rate Loans unless the Borrower shall have delivered at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, a funding indemnity letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.   Thereafter, Revolving Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurocurrency Rate Loans, as further provided herein 

2.02        Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans. 
    
  (a)        Each Committed Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or  (B) a  Committed  Loan  Notice;    provided    that  any  telephonic  notice  shall  be  confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice.    Each such Committed  Loan  Notice  must  be  received  by  the  Administrative  Agent  not  later  than (i) 11:00 a.m. three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, (ii) 11:00 a.m. four Business Days (or five Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of any Borrowing or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies, and (iii) 10:00 a.m. on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans or of any conversion of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars to Base Rate Committed Loans;   provided,     however  , that if the Borrower wishes to request Eurocurrency Rate Loans having an Interest Period other than seven days, or one, two, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of  Interest Period , (x) the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (i) 11:00 a.m. four Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, or (ii) 11:00 a.m. five Business Days (or six Business days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine whether  the  requested  Interest  Period  is  acceptable  to  all  of  them  and  (y) not  later  than (i) 11:00 a.m. three Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, or (ii) 11:00 a.m. four Business Days (or five Business days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders.  Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $2,000,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof.  Except as provided in   Sections 2.03(c)   and   2.04(c)  , each Committed Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof.  Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Committed Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principalamount of Committed Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Committed 
  Loans  to  be  borrowed  or  to  which  existing  Committed  Loans  are  to  be  converted,  (v) if applicable,  the  duration  of  the  Interest  Period  with respect  thereto,  (vi) the currency of  the Committed Loans to be borrowed and (vii) if (A) the currency of the Committed Loans to be borrowed is an Alternative Currency, and (B) the aggregate principal Dollar Equivalent amount of  the  requested  Committed  Loans  (when  aggregated  with  any  other  Revolving  Loans denominated  in  Alternative  Currencies  advanced  by  Bank  of  America)  exceeds  Bank  of America s Fronting Commitment, which of the other Alternative Currency Fronting Lenders the Borrower is requesting to fund such excess (it being understood that in no event shall any Alternative Currency Fronting Lender have any obligation to fund any amount in an excess of its Fronting Commitment);   provided,     however  , that all Committed Loans requested to be made in Alternative Currencies shall be subject to the limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of   Section 2.01.    If the Borrower fails to specify a currency in a Committed Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing, then the Committed Loans so requested shall be made in Dollars.  If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, (x) if a Default or Event of Default then exists, Base Rate Loans and (y) if no Default or Event of Default exists, Eurocurrency Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one month;   provided  ,   however  , that in the case of a failure to timely request a continuation of Committed Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, such Loans shall be continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans in their original currency with an Interest Period of one month.  Any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurocurrency Rate Loans.  If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fail to specify an Interest Period, they will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one  

month.  No Committed Loan may be converted into or continued as a Committed Loan denominated in a different currency, but instead must be prepaid in the original currency of such Committed Loan and reborrowed in the other currency. 
    
  (b)        Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount (and currency) of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by  the  Borrower,  the  Administrative  Agent  shall  notify  each  Lender  of  the  details  of  any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Committed Loans denominated in a currency other than Dollars, in each case as described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Committed  Borrowing,  each  Alternative  Currency  Funding  Lender  and  each  Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, if applicable, shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office for the applicable currency not later than 11:00 a.m., in the case of any Committed Loan denominated in Dollars, and not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of any Committed Loan in an Alternative Currency, in each case on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice.  Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in   Section 4.02    (and,  if  such  Borrowing  is  the  initial  Credit  Extension,    Section 4.01  ),  the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower;   provided,     however  , that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to such Borrowing denominated in Dollars is given by the Borrower, there  are  L/C Borrowings  outstanding,  then  the  proceeds  of  such  Borrowing,    first  ,  shall  be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and,   second,   shall be made available to the Borrower as provided above.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there are no available Alternative Currency Fronting Lenders with sufficient Fronting Commitments to fund the entire requested Revolving Loan to the Borrower, then the Borrower may decrease the amount of the requested Committed Loan within one (1) Business Day after notice by the Administrative Agent of such limitation.   If the Borrower does not reduce its request for a Committed Loan to an amount equal to or less than the available Fronting Commitment, then the requested Committed Loan shall be deemed to be reduced to the available Fronting Commitments. 
  (c)        Except  as  otherwise  provided  herein,  a  Eurocurrency  Rate  Loan  may  be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Loan.  During the existence of a Default or Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurocurrency Rate Loans (whether in Dollars or any Alternative Currency) without the consent of the Required Lenders, and the Required Lenders may demand that any or all of the then outstanding Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency be prepaid, or redenominated into Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof, on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto. 
    
  (d)        The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the  interest  rate  applicable  to  any  Interest  Period  for  Eurocurrency  Rate  Loans  upon determination of such interest rate.  At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
    
  (e)        After giving effect to all Committed Borrowings, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than 20 Interest Periods in effect with respect to Committed Loans. 
    
  (f)         (i)         Subject  to  all  the  terms  and  conditions  set  forth  in  this  Agreement, including the provisions of   Section 2.01,   and without limitation of the provisions of   Section 2.02,   with respect to any Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency with respect to which one or more Revolving Lenders has given notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it is an Alternative Currency Participating Lender, (A) each Revolving Lender agrees  from  time  to  time  on  any  Business  Day  during  the  Availability  Period  to  fund  its Applicable Percentage of Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency with respect to which it is  

an Alternative Currency Funding Lender; and (B) each Revolving Lender severally agrees to acquire an Alternative Currency Risk Participation in Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency with respect to which it is an Alternative Currency Participating Lender. 
    
  (ii)        Each Revolving Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be funded   upon   the   request   of   the   Borrower   in   accordance   with     Section 2.02(b)  . Immediately upon the funding by an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender of its Alternative  Currency  Funding  Applicable  Percentage  of  any  Revolving  Loan denominated in an Alternative Currency with respect to which one or more Revolving Lenders is an Alternative Currency Participating Lender, each Alternative Currency Participating Lender shall be deemed to have absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally purchased from such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender an Alternative Currency Risk Participation in such Loan in an amount such that, after such purchase, each Revolving Lender (including the Alternative Currency Funding Lenders, the Alternative Currency Fronting Lenders and the Alternative Currency Participating Lenders) will have an Alternative Currency Loan Credit Exposure with respect to such Revolving Loan equal in amount to its Applicable Percentage of such Revolving Loan. 
    
  (iii)       Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default or upon a reduction of the Fronting Commitment of an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender may, by written notice to the Administrative  Agent  delivered  not  later  than  11:00 a.m.  on  the  third Business  Day preceding  the  proposed  date  of  funding  and  payment  by  Alternative  Currency Participating Lenders of their Alternative Currency Risk Participations purchased in such 
  Revolving Loans as shall be specified in such notice (the    Alternative Currency     Participation Payment Date   ), request each Alternative Currency Participating Lender to fund its Alternative Currency Risk Participation in the applicable Alternative Currency purchased with respect to such Revolving Loans to the Administrative Agent on the Alternative Currency Participation Payment Date.   Any notice given by an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this subsection may be given by telephone if promptly confirmed in writing;   provided   that the absence of such a confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
    
  (iv)       On the applicable Alternative Currency Participation Payment Date, each Alternative Currency Participating Lender in the Revolving Loans specified for funding pursuant to this   Section 2.02(f)   shall deliver the amount of such Alternative Currency Participating Lender s Alternative Currency Risk Participation with respect to such specific Revolving Loans in the applicable Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds to the Administrative Agent;   provided,     however  , that no Alternative Currency Participating Lender shall be (i) responsible for any default by any other Alternative Currency Participating Lender in such other Alternative Currency Participating Lender s obligation  to  pay  such  amount  and/or  (ii) required  to  fund  an  amount  under  this   Section 2.02(f)   that would exceed the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment.   Upon receipt of any such amounts from the Alternative Currency Participating Lenders, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such amounts in Same Day Funds to the applicable Alternative Currency Fronting Lender(s). 
    
  (v)        In the event that any Alternative Currency Participating Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent the amount of its Alternative Currency Risk Participation as provided herein, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such  amount  on  behalf  of  the  applicable  Alternative  Currency  Fronting  Lender  on demand from such Alternative Currency Participating Lender together with interest at the Overnight Rate for three (3) Business Days and thereafter at a rate per annum equal to the Default Rate.  A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Alternative Currency Participating Lender with respect to amounts owing hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error. 
    
  (vi)      In the event that an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender receives a payment in respect of any Revolving Loan, whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, in which Alternative Currency Participating Lenders have fully funded their purchase of Alternative Currency Risk Participations, such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender shall promptly distribute to the Administrative Agent, for its  

distribution to each such Alternative Currency Participating Lender, such Alternative Currency Participating Lender s Alternative Currency Participant s Share of such payment in Same Day Funds. If any payment received by an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender with respect to any Revolving Loan in an Alternative Currency made by it shall be required to be returned by such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender after such time as such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender has distributed such payment to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, each Alternative Currency Participating Lender that has received a portion of such payment shall pay to such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender an amount equal to its Alternative Currency Participant s Share of the amount to be returned;   provided,     however  , that no Alternative Currency Participating Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Alternative Currency Participating Lender in that other Alternative Currency Participating Lender s obligation to pay such amount. 
  (vii)      Anything   contained   herein   to   the   contrary   notwithstanding,   each Alternative Currency Participating Lender s obligation to acquire and pay for its purchase of Alternative Currency Risk Participations as set forth herein shall be absolute, irrevocable and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including, without limitation, (i) any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Alternative Currency Participating Lender may have against the applicable Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever; (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or Event of Default; (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document  by  a  Credit  Party  or  any  other  Lender;  or  (v) any  other  circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. 
    
  (viii)     In no event shall (i) the Alternative Currency Risk Participation of any Alternative Currency Participating Lender in any Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency pursuant to this   Section 2.02(f)   be construed as a loan or other extension of credit by such Alternative Currency Participating Lender to the Borrower, any Revolving Lender or the Administrative Agent or (ii) this Agreement be construed to require any Revolving Lender that is an Alternative Currency Participating Lender with respect to a specific Alternative Currency to make any Revolving Loans in such Alternative Currency under this Agreement or under the other Loan Documents, subject to the obligation of each Alternative Currency Participating Lender to give notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower at any time such Revolving Lender acquires the ability to make Revolving Loans in such Alternative Currency. 
    
  (ix)     The  Administrative  Agent  shall  change  a  Revolving  Lender s designation from Alternative Currency Participating Lender to Alternative Currency Funding  Lender  with  respect  to  an  Alternative  Currency  for  which  such  Lender previously  has  been  designated  an  Alternative  Currency  Participating  Lender,  upon receipt of a written notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower from such Alternative Currency Participating Lender requesting that its designation be so changed. Each Alternative Currency Participating Lender agrees to give such notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower promptly upon its acquiring the ability to make Revolving Loans in such Alternative Currency.     Schedule 2.02   hereto lists each Alternative Currency Participating Lender as of the Closing Date in respect of each Alternative Currency. 
    
  (g)       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 

2.03        Letters of Credit  . 
    
  (a)      The Letter of Credit Commitment  . 
    
  (i)         Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) each L/C Issuer agrees,  in  reliance  upon  the  agreements  of  the  Revolving  Lenders  set  forth  in  this   Section 2.03,   (1) from time to time on any Business Day during the period from the Closing  Date  until  the  Letter  of  Credit  Expiration  Date,  to  issue  Letters  of  Credit 
  denominated in Dollars or in one or more Alternative Currencies for the account of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously issued by it, in accordance with   Section 2.03(b)   below, and (2) to honor drawings under the Letters  of  Credit  issued  by  it;  and  (B) the  Revolving  Lenders  severally  agree  to participate in Letters of Credit issued for the account of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and  any  drawings  thereunder;    provided    that  after  giving  effect  to  any  L/C Credit Extension with respect to any Letter of Credit, (x) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not  exceed  the  Aggregate  Revolving  Commitments,  (y) the  aggregate  Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Revolving Lender (  less  , with respect only to the Alternative Currency Fronting Lenders, the aggregate Alternative Currency Risk Participations in all Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies),   plus  , with respect only to the Alternative Currency Participating Lenders, such Lender s Alternative Currency Risk Participations in Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies advanced by the Alternative Currency Fronting Lenders for such Lender,   plus   such Revolving   Lender s   Applicable   Percentage   of   the   Outstanding   Amount   of   all L/C Obligations,   plus   such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment and (z) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit.  Each request by the Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be a representation by the Borrower that the L/C Credit Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence.   Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower s ability to obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving,  and,  accordingly,  the  Borrower  may,  during  the  foregoing  period,  obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. 
    
  (ii)    No L/C Issuer shall issue any Letter of Credit, if: 
    
  (A)       Subject to   Section 2.03(b)(iv)  , the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of issuance, unless the Required Revolving Lenders have approved such expiry date; or 
    
  (B)       the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, unless all the Revolving Lenders have approved such expiry date. if: 
               
  (iii)    No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit 
    
  (A)       after  giving  effect  thereto,  the  Outstanding  Amount  of  all L/C Obligations  with  respect  to  Letters  of  Credit  issued  by  such  L/C Issuer would exceed an amount equal to thirty-three and one-third percent (33 %) of the Letter of Credit Sublimit. 
    
  (B)       any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request  that  such  L/C Issuer  refrain  from,  the  issuance  of  letters  of  credit 
  generally  or  such  Letter  of  Credit  in  particular  or  shall  impose  upon  such L/C Issuer with  

respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it; 
    
  (C)       the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally; 
    
  (D)       except  as  otherwise  agreed  by  the  Administrative  Agent  and such L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount of less than 
  $500,000; 
    
  (E)       except  as  otherwise  agreed  by  the  Administrative  Agent  and such L/C Issuer, such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than Dollars or an Alternative Currency; 
    
  (F)        such  L/C Issuer  does  not  as  of  the  issuance  date  of  such requested Letter of Credit issue Letters of Credit in the requested currency; 
    
  (G)      such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder; or 
    
  (H)       any  Lender  is  at  that  time  a  Defaulting  Lender,  unless  such L/C Issuer  has  entered  into  arrangements,  including  the  delivery  of  Cash Collateral,  satisfactory  to  such  L/C Issuer  (in  its  sole  discretion)  with  the Borrower  or  such  Lender  to  eliminate  such  L/C Issuer s  actual  or  potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to   Section 2.17(a)(iv)  ) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which such L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion. 
    
  (iv)       No L/C Issuer shall amend any Letter of Credit issued by it if such L/C Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof. 
    
  (v)        No L/C Issuer shall be under obligation to amend any Letter of Credit issued by it if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof; or (B) the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to such Letter of Credit. 
    
  (vi)       Each  L/C Issuer  shall  act  on  behalf  of  the  Revolving  Lenders  with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and such  L/C Issuer  shall  have  all  of  the  benefits  and  immunities  (A) provided  to  the Administrative Agent in   Article IX   with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term  Administrative Agent  as used in   Article IX   included such L/C Issuer with respect 
  to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to such 
  L/C Issuer. 
    
  (b)      Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; Auto-Extension Letters of Credit  . 
    
  (i)         Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may be, upon the request of the Borrower delivered to the applicable L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit Application for such L/C Issuer, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application may be sent by facsimile, by United States mail,  

by overnight  courier,  by  electronic  transmission  using  the  system  provided  by  such L/C Issuer, by personal delivery or by any other means acceptable to such L/C Issuer. Such  Letter  of  Credit  Application  must  be  received  by  an  L/C Issuer  and  the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least five Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be.  In the case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the beneficiary thereof; (E) the documents to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (G) the purpose of the  requested  Letter  of  Credit;  and  (H) such  other  matters  as  such  L/C Issuer  may reasonably require.  In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer: (A) the Letter of Credit to be amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment;  and  (D) such  other  matters  as  such  L/C Issuer  may  reasonably  require. Additionally,   the   Borrower   shall   furnish   to   the   applicable   L/C Issuer   and   the Administrative Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested Letter  of  Credit  issuance  or  amendment,  including  any  Issuer  Documents,  as  such L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may require. 
    
  (ii)        Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the applicable L/C Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter of Credit Application from the Borrower and, if not, such L/C Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof.   Unless the applicable L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Revolving Lender, the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions contained in   Article IV   shall not then be satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such L/C Issuer shall, on the requested date,  issue  a  Letter  of  Credit  for  the  account  of  the  Borrower  (or  the  applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with such L/C Issuer s usual and customary business practices.  Immediately upon the issuance of each Letter of Credit, each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to, and  hereby  irrevocably  and  unconditionally  agrees  to,  purchase  from the  applicable L/C Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the product 
  of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Letter of 
  Credit. 
    
  (iii)       Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and to  any  requesting  Lender  a  true  and  complete  copy  of  such  Letter  of  Credit  or amendment. 
    
  (iv)       If   the   Borrower   so  requests   in  any  applicable  Letter   of   Credit Application, the applicable L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, agree to issue   a   Letter   of   Credit   that   has   automatic   extension   provisions   (each,   an    Auto-Extension Letter of Credit      provided   that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must permit the applicable L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit)  by  giving  prior  notice  to  the  beneficiary  thereof  not  later  than  a  day  (the    Non-Extension Notice Date   ) in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon at the time  such  Letter  of  Credit  is  issued.    Unless  otherwise  directed  by  the  applicable L/C Issuer,  the  Borrower  shall  not  be  required  to  make  a  specific  request  to  such L/C Issuer for any such extension.   Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the Letter of Credit Expiration Date;   provided,     however  , that such  L/C Issuer  shall  not  permit  any  such  extension   

if  (A) such  L/C Issuer  has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of   clause (ii)   or   (iii)   of   Section 2.03(a)   or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that the Required Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in   Section 4.02   is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing such L/C Issuer not to permit such extension. 
    
  (v)        Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the beneficiary thereof, the applicable L/C Issuer will also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit or amendment. 
    
  (c)      Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations  . 
    
  (i)         Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof.  In the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer in such Alternative Currency, unless (A) such L/C Issuer (at its option) shall have specified in such notice that it will require reimbursement in Dollars, or (B) in the absence of any such requirement for reimbursement in Dollars, the Borrower shall have notified such L/C Issuer promptly following receipt of the notice of drawing that the Borrower will reimburse such L/C Issuer in Dollars.  In the case of any such reimbursement in Dollars of a drawing under a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, the 
    
  applicable L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrower of the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of the drawing promptly following the determination thereof.  Not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of any payment by an L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit issued by it to be reimbursed  in  Dollars,  or  the  Applicable  Time  on  the  date  of  any  payment  by  an L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit to be reimbursed in an Alternative Currency (each such  date,  an     Honor  Date   )  or  9:00 a.m.  on  the  following  Business  Day  if  the notification is later than 11:00 a.m. on the Honor Date, the Borrower shall reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer through the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing and in the applicable currency.  If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the Honor Date, the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (expressed in Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency) (the    Unreimbursed Amount   ), and the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof.   In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in   Section 2.02   for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the conditions set forth in   Section 4.02   (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice).   Any notice given by an L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent  pursuant  to  this    Section 2.03(c)(i)   may  be  given  by  telephone  if  promptly confirmed in writing;   provided   that the lack of such a confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice. 
    
  (ii)        Each    Revolving    Lender    shall    upon    any    notice    pursuant    to   Section 2.03(c)(i)   make funds available (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer, in Dollars, at the Administrative Agent s Office for Dollar-denominated payments in an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 
  1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Administrative Agent, which date will not be earlier than the Business Day after the Honor Date, whereupon, 

subject to the provisions of   Section 2.03(c)(iii)  , each Revolving Lender that so makes 
  funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the Borrower in such amount.   The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the applicable L/C Issuer in Dollars. 
    
  (iii)       With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a  Committed  Borrowing  of  Base  Rate  Loans  because  the  conditions  set  forth  in   Section 4.02   cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the applicable L/C Issuer an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the Default Rate.  In such  event,  each  Revolving  Lender s  payment  to  the  Administrative  Agent  for  the account  of  the  applicable  L/C Issuer  pursuant  to    Section 2.03(c)(ii)   shall  be  deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an L/C Advance from such Revolving Lender in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this   Section 2.03. 
    
  (iv)    Until each Revolving Lender funds its Committed Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this   Section 2.03(c)   to reimburse an L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under 
  any  Letter  of  Credit  issued  by  it,  interest  in  respect  of  such  Revolving  Lender s 
  Applicable Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of such L/C Issuer. 
    
  (v)        Each  Revolving  Lender s  obligation  to  make  Committed  Loans  or L/C Advances to reimburse an L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit issued by it, as contemplated by this   Section 2.03(c)  , shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Revolving Lender may have against such L/C Issuer,  the  Borrower  or  any  other  Person  for  any  reason  whatsoever,  (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or Event of Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing;   provided,     however  , that each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this   Section 2.03(c)   is subject to the conditions set forth in   Section 4.02   (other than delivery by the Borrower of a Committed Loan Notice).  No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer for the amount of any payment made by such L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit issued by it, together with interest as provided herein. 
    
  (vi)       If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of an L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this   Section 2.03(c)   by the time specified in   Section 2.03(c)(ii)  , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, such L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from  time  to  time  in  effect,    plus    any  administrative,  processing  or  similar  fees customarily charged by such L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing.  If such Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such  Lender s  Committed  Loan  included  in  the  relevant  Committed  Borrowing  or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be.  A certificate of an L/C Issuer submitted to any Revolving Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing to it under this   clause (vi)   shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
    
  (d)      Repayment of Participations  . 
    
  (i)         At any time after an L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter of Credit issued by it and has received from any Revolving Lender such Revolving Lender s L/C Advance  in  respect  of  such  payment  in  accordance  with    Section 2.03(c)  ,  if  the Administrative Agent receives for the account of such L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from the Borrower or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the  

Administrative  Agent),  the  Administrative  Agent  will  distribute  to  such  Revolving Lender its Applicable Percentage thereof (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Lender s L/C Advance was outstanding) in Dollars and in the same funds as those received by the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (ii)        If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account of an L/C Issuer pursuant to   Section 2.03(c)(i)   is required to be returned under any of the 
  circumstances described in   Section 10.05   (including pursuant to any settlement entered into  by  such  L/C Issuer  in  its  discretion),  each  Revolving  Lender  shall  pay  to  the Administrative  Agent  for  the  account  of  such  L/C Issuer  its  Applicable  Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent,   plus   interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned by such Revolving Lender, at a rate per annum  equal  to  the  applicable  Overnight  Rate  from  time  to  time  in  effect.    The obligations of the Revolving Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
    
  (e)          Obligations  Absolute  .    The  obligation  of  the  Borrower  to  reimburse  each L/C Issuer  for  each  drawing  under  each  Letter  of  Credit  issued  by  it  and  to  repay  each L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all circumstances, including the following: 
    
  (i)    any  lack  of  validity  or  enforceability  of  such  Letter  of  Credit,  this 
  Agreement, or any other Loan Document; 
    
  (ii)        the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that the Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such  transferee  may  be  acting),  such  L/C Issuer  or  any  other  Person,  whether  in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction; 
    
  (iii)       any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under such Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit; 
    
  (iv)       waiver  by  such  L/C Issuer  of  any  requirement  that  exists  for  such L/C Issuer s protection and not the protection of the Borrower or any waiver by such L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice the Borrower; 
    
  (v)    honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such 
  Letter of Credit requires that demand be in the form of a draft; 
    
  (vi)       any  payment  made  by  such  L/C  Issuer  in  respect  of  an  otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the ISP; 
    
  (vii)      any payment by such L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or certificate that does not substantially comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by such L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; 
  (viii)     any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally; or 

(ix)       any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 
    
  The Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Borrower s instructions or other irregularity, the Borrower will promptly notify the applicable L/C Issuer.  The Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against such L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. 
    
  (f)           Role of L/C Issuer  .   Each Revolving Lender and the Borrower agree that, in paying  any  drawing  under  a  Letter  of  Credit,  the applicable  L/C Issuer  shall  not  have  any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any such document or the authority of the Person executing or delivering any such document. None of any L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or assignee of such L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Revolving Lender for (i) any action taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval of the Revolving Lenders or the Required Revolving Lenders, as applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document.  The Borrower hereby assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit;   provided,     however  , that this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude the Borrower s pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or transferee at law or under any other agreement.  None of any L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties  nor  any  correspondent,  participant  or  assignee  of  such  L/C Issuer  shall  be  liable  or responsible  for  any  of  the  matters  described  in    clauses (i)   through    (vi)   of    Section 2.03(e)  ;   provided,     however  , that anything in such clauses to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower may have a claim against such L/C Issuer, and such L/C Issuer may be liable to the Borrower, to the extent, but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or exemplary, damages suffered by the Borrower which the Borrower proves were caused by such L/C Issuer s willful  misconduct  or  gross  negligence  (as  finally  determined  by  a  court  of  competent jurisdiction) or such L/C Issuer s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit issued by it after the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and certificate(s) substantially complying with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit.  In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and such L/C Issuer shall not be responsible for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit issued by it or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason. 
    
  (g)          Applicability of ISP  .  Unless otherwise expressly agreed by an L/C Issuer and the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued by it the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit issued by it.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, no L/C Issuer shall be responsible to the Borrower  for,  and  each  L/C Issuer s rights  and remedies  against the  Borrower  shall not be 
  impaired by, any action or inaction of any L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where any L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law   Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 
    
  (h)          Letter of Credit Fees  .  The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, in Dollars, a Letter of Credit fee (the    Letter of Credit Fee   ) for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Committed Loans, stated as a percentage per annum times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter  

of Credit.  For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with   Section 1.08.    Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears and (ii) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand.  If there is any change in the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Committed Loans during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Loans separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Committed Loans was in effect.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Revolving Lenders, while any Event of Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate. 
    
  (i)           Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuer  . The Borrower shall pay directly to each L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit issued by it, at the rate equal to 0.125% per annum, computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears, and due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Letter of Credit Expiration Date and thereafter on demand.  For purposes of computing the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with   Section 1.08.    In addition, the Borrower shall pay directly to each L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, the customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect.  Such customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable. 
    
  (j)           Conflict with Issuer Documents  .  In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control. 
    
  (k)          Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries  .  Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit.  The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of the Borrower, 
  and  that  the  Borrower s  business  derives  substantial  benefits  from  the  businesses  of  such 
  Subsidiaries. 
    
  (l)           Periodic Notification of Outstanding Letters of Credit  .   Within five Business Days  following  the  last day  of  each  calendar  month,  each  L/C Issuer  shall  provide  to  the Administrative Agent a written report or statement (each an    L/C Statement   ) listing all Letters of Credit that were issued by such L/C Issuer and were outstanding as of the last day of such month. Each L/C Statement shall include such detail as is necessary to identify the beneficiary of each Letter  of  Credit  listed  thereon  and  the  outstanding face  amount  thereof.    In  addition,  each L/C Issuer shall from time to time provide to the Administrative Agent an updated L/C Statement upon the Administrative Agent s reasonable request. 
    
  2.04        Swing Line Loans. 
    
  (a)          The Swing Line  .  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Swing Line Lender agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other Revolving Lenders set forth in this    Section 2.04,    to  make  loans  (each  such  loan,  a     Swing  Line  Loan   )  in  Dollars  to  the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Availability Period in an aggregate amount not to exceed, with respect to such Swing Line Lender, at any time outstanding an amount equal to thirty-three and one-third percent (33 %) of the Swing Line Sublimit, notwithstanding the fact that such Swing Line Loans, when aggregated with the Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Loans and L/C Obligations of the Revolving Lender acting as such Swing Line  

Lender, may exceed the amount of such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment;   provided,     however  , that after giving effect to any Swing Line Loan, (i) the Total Revolving Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Commitments, and (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Loans of any Revolving Lender (less, with respect only to the Alternative Currency Fronting Lenders, the aggregate Alternative Currency Risk Participations in all Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies),   plus  , with respect  only  to  the  Alternative  Currency  Participating  Lenders,  such  Lender s  Alternative Currency  Risk  Participations  in  Revolving  Loans  denominated  in  Alternative  Currencies advanced by the Alternative Currency Fronting Lenders for such Lender,   plus   such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations,   plus   such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans shall not exceed such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment, and   provided,     further  , that (i) the Borrower shall not use the proceeds of any Swing Line Loan to refinance any outstanding Swing Line Loan and (ii) no Swing Line Lender shall be under any obligation to make any Swing Line Loan if it shall determine (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that it has, or by such Credit Extension may have, Fronting Exposure.  Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrower may borrow under this   Section 2.04,   prepay under   Section 2.05,   and reborrow under this   Section 2.04.    Each Swing Line Loan shall be a Base Rate Loan or a Fixed Eurocurrency Rate Loan.  Immediately upon the making of a Swing Line Loan, each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from each applicable Swing Line Lender a risk participation in such Swing Line Loan in an amount equal to the product of such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage times the amount of such Swing Line Loan. 
    
  (b)         Borrowing Procedures  .  Each Swing Line Borrowing shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the applicable Swing Line Lender(s) and the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) by a Swing Line Loan Notice;   provided   that any telephonic notice shall be confirmed promptly by delivery to the applicable Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent of a Swing Line Loan Notice.  Each such notice must be 
  received by the applicable Swing Line Lender(s) and the Administrative Agent not later than 
  11:00 a.m. on the requested borrowing date, and shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed, which shall be a minimum of $100,000, (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a 
  Business Day and (iii) if the requested amount of the Swing Line Loan, when aggregated with the 
  Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans funded by Bank of America exceeds thirty-three and one third percent (33 %) of the Swing Line Sublimit, which of the other Swing Line Lenders the Borrower is requesting to fund such excess, but in no event, with respect to such other Swing Line Lender, shall such requested borrowing amount exceed an amount equal to thirty-three and one third percent (33 %) of the Swing Line Sublimit;    provided     however  , that all Swing Line Loans requested to be made by any Swing Line Lender shall be subject to the limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of   Section 2.04(a)  .  Promptly after receipt by the applicable Swing Line Lender(s) of any telephonic Swing Line Loan Notice, such Swing Line Lender(s) will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the Administrative Agent has also received such Swing Line Loan Notice and, if not, such Swing Line Lender(s) will notify the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof.  Unless the Swing Line Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the Administrative Agent (including at the request of the Required Revolving Lenders) prior to 12:00 Noon on the date of the proposed Swing Line Borrowing (A) directing such Swing Line Lender(s) not to make such Swing Line Loan as a result of the limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of   Section 2.04(a)  , or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in   Section 4.02   is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, such Swing Line Lender(s) will, not later than 12:00 Noon on the borrowing date specified in such Swing Line Loan Notice, make the amount of its Swing Line Loan available to the Borrower at its office by crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of such Swing Line Lender in Same Day Funds. 
    
  (c)      Refinancing of Swing Line Loans  . 
    
  (i)         Each Swing Line Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion may request, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby irrevocably authorizes such Swing Line Lender to so request on their behalf), that each Revolving Lender make a Base Rate Loan in an amount equal to such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of the amount of Swing Line Loans of such Swing Line Lender then outstanding.   

Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be deemed to be a Committed Loan Notice for purposes hereof) and in accordance with the requirements of   Section 2.02,   without regard to the minimum and multiples specified therein for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the unutilized portion of the Revolving Commitments and the conditions set forth in   Section 4.02.    Such Swing Line Lender shall furnish the Borrower with a copy of the applicable Committed Loan Notice promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent.  Each Revolving Lender shall make an amount equal to its Applicable Percentage of the amount specified in such Committed Loan Notice available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds (and the Administrative Agent may apply Cash Collateral available with respect to the applicable Swing Line Loan) for the account of such Swing Line Lender at the Administrative Agent s Office for Dollar-denominated payments not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified in such Committed  Loan  Notice,  whereupon,  subject  to    Section 2.04(c)(ii)  ,  each  Revolving Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Loan to the  Borrower  in  such  amount.    The  Administrative  Agent  shall  remit  the  funds  so received to such Swing Line Lender. 
    
  (ii)    If for any reason any Swing Line Loan cannot be refinanced by such a 
  Committed Borrowing in accordance with   Section 2.04(c)(i)  , the request for Base Rate 
  Loans submitted by a Swing Line Lender as set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by such Swing Line Lender that each of the Revolving Lenders fund its risk participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan and each Revolving Lender s payment to the  Administrative  Agent  for  the  account  of  such  Swing  Line  Lender  pursuant  to   Section 2.04(c)(i)   shall be deemed payment in respect of such participation. 
    
  (iii)       If any Revolving Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Swing Line Lender any amount required to be paid by such Revolving Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this   Section 2.04(c)   by the time specified in   Section 2.04(c)(i)  , such Swing Line Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such Swing Line Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect,   plus   any administrative,  processing  or  similar  fees  customarily  charged  by  such  Swing  Line Lender in connection with the foregoing.  If such Revolving Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such Revolving Lender s Committed Loan included in the relevant Committed Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swing Line Loan, as the case may be.  A certificate of such Swing Line Lender submitted to any Revolving Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this   clause (iii)   shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
    
  (iv)      Each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans or to purchase   and   fund   risk   participations   in   Swing   Line   Loans   pursuant   to   this   Section 2.04(c)   shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against the applicable Swing Line Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or Event of Default, or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing;   provided,     however  , that each Revolving Lender s obligation to make Committed Loans pursuant to this   Section 2.04(c)   is subject to the conditions set forth in   Section 4.02.    No such funding of risk participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of the Borrower to repay Swing Line Loans, together with interest as provided herein. 
    
  (d)      Repayment of Participations  . 
    
  (i)         At any time after any Revolving Lender has purchased and funded a risk participation in a Swing Line Loan, if the applicable Swing Line Lender receives any payment on account of such Swing Line Loan, such Swing Line Lender will distribute to such  Revolving  Lender  its  Applicable  Percentage  of  such  payment  (appropriately adjusted, in the case of interest payments, to reflect the period of time during which such Revolving Lender s risk participation was funded) in the same funds as those received  

by such Swing Line Lender. 
    
  (ii)        If any payment received by a Swing Line Lender in respect of principal or interest on any Swing Line Loan funded by such Swing Line Lender is required to be returned  by  such  Swing  Line  Lender  under  any  of  the  circumstances  described  in   Section 10.05   (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by such Swing Line Lender in its discretion), each Revolving Lender shall pay to such Swing Line Lender its 
  Applicable Percentage thereof on demand of the Administrative Agent,   plus   interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate.  The Administrative Agent will make such demand upon the request of such Swing Line Lender.  The obligations of the Revolving Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
    
  (e)          Interest for Account of Swing Line Lender  .  Each Swing Line Lender shall be responsible for invoicing the Borrower for interest on the Swing Line Loans funded by such Swing Line Lender.  Until each Revolving Lender funds its Base Rate Loan or risk participation pursuant to this   Section 2.04   to refinance such Revolving Lender s Applicable Percentage of any Swing Line Loan, interest in respect of such Applicable Percentage shall be solely for the account of the applicable Swing Line Lender. 
    
  (f)           Payments Directly to Swing Line Lender  . The Borrower shall make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swing Line Loans directly to the applicable Swing Line Lender(s). 
    
  2.04A   Bid Loans  . 
    
  (a)          General  .   Each Revolving Lender agrees that the Borrower may from time to time request the Revolving Lenders to submit offers to make loans (each such loan, a    Bid     Loan   ) to the Borrower prior to the Revolving Commitment Termination Date pursuant to this   Section 2.04A  ;   provided,     however  , that after giving effect to any Bid Borrowing, (A) the Total Revolver Outstandings shall not exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, and (B) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Bid Loans shall not exceed the Bid Loan Sublimit.  There shall not be more than ten different Interest Periods in effect with respect to Bid Loans at any time. 
    
  (b)      Requesting Competitive Bids  .    The Borrower may request the submission of 
  Competitive  Bids  by  delivering  a  Bid  Request  to  the  Administrative  Agent  not  later  than 
  12:00 Noon (i) one Business Day prior to the requested date of any Bid Borrowing that is to consist of Absolute Rate Loans, or (ii) four Business Days prior to the requested date of any Bid Borrowing that is to consist of Eurocurrency Margin Bid Loans.  Each Bid Request shall specify (i) the requested date of the Bid Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (ii) the aggregate principal amount of Bid Loans requested (which must be $10,000,000 or a whole multiple of 
  $1,000,000 in excess thereof), (iii) the Type of Bid Loans requested, and (iv) the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto, and shall be signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. No Bid Request shall contain a request for (i) more than one Type of Bid Loan or (ii) Bid Loans having more than three different Interest Periods.  Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees in its sole discretion, the Borrower may not submit a Bid Request if it has submitted another Bid Request within the prior five Business Days. 
    
  (c)      Submitting Competitive Bids  . 
    
  (i)    The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of each Bid 
  Request received by it from the Borrower and the contents of such Bid Request. 
    
  (ii)        Each Lender may (but shall have no obligation to) submit a Competitive Bid containing an offer to make one or more Bid Loans in response to such Bid Request. Such Competitive Bid must be delivered to the Administrative Agent not later than 

10:00 a.m. (A) on the requested date of any Bid Borrowing that is to consist of Absolute Rate  Loans,  and  (B) three Business  Days  prior  to  the  requested  date  of  any  Bid Borrowing that is to consist of Eurocurrency Margin Bid Loans;   provided,     however  , that any Competitive Bid submitted by Bank of America in its capacity as a Lender in response to any Bid Request must be submitted to the Administrative Agent not later than 
  9:45 a.m. on the date on which Competitive Bids are required to be delivered by the other 
  Lenders in response to such Bid Request.   Each Competitive Bid shall specify (A) the proposed date of the Bid Borrowing; (B) the principal amount of each Bid Loan for 
  which such Competitive Bid is being made, which principal amount (x) may be equal to, 
  greater than or less than the Commitment of the bidding Lender, (y) must be $2,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, and (z) may not exceed the principal amount of Bid Loans for which Competitive Bids were requested; (C) if the proposed Bid Borrowing is to consist of Absolute Rate Bid Loans, the Absolute Rate offered for each such  Bid  Loan  and  the  Interest  Period  applicable  thereto;  (D) if  the  proposed  Bid Borrowing is to consist of Eurocurrency Margin Bid Loans, the Eurocurrency Bid Margin with respect to each such Eurocurrency Margin Bid Loan and the Interest Period applicable thereto; and (E) the identity of the bidding Lender. 
    
  (iii)       Any Competitive Bid shall be disregarded if it (A) is received after the applicable time specified in   clause (ii)   above, (B) is not substantially in the form of a Competitive  Bid  as  specified  herein,  (C) contains  qualifying,  conditional  or  similar language, (D) proposes terms other than or in addition to those set forth in the applicable Bid Request, or (E) is otherwise not responsive to such Bid Request.  Any Lender may correct a Competitive Bid containing an error by submitting a corrected Competitive Bid (identified as such) not later than the applicable time required for submission of Competitive Bids.  Any such submission of a corrected Competitive Bid shall constitute a revocation of the Competitive Bid that contained the manifest error.  The Administrative Agent may, but shall not be required to, notify any Lender of any manifest error it detects in such Lender s Competitive Bid. 
    
  (iv)       Subject  only  to  the  provisions  of    Sections  3.02,      3.03    and    4.02    and   clause (iii)   above, each Competitive Bid shall be irrevocable. 
    
  (d)          Notice to Borrower of Competitive Bids  .   Not later than 10:30 a.m. (i) on the requested  date  of  any  Bid  Borrowing  that  is  to  consist  of  Absolute  Rate  Loans,  or (ii) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Bid Borrowing that is to consist of Eurocurrency Margin Bid Loans, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of the identity of each Lender that has submitted a Competitive Bid that complies with   Section 2.04A(c)   and of the terms of the offers contained in each such Competitive Bid. 
    
  (e)          Acceptance of Competitive Bids  .  Not later than 11:30 a.m. (i) on the requested date of any Bid Borrowing that is to consist of Absolute Rate Loans, and (ii) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Bid Borrowing that is to consist of Eurocurrency Margin Bid Loans, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of its acceptance or rejection of the offers notified to them pursuant to   Section 2.04A(d)  .  The Borrower shall be under no obligation to accept any Competitive Bid and may choose to reject all Competitive Bids.   In the case of acceptance, such notice shall specify the aggregate principal amount of Competitive Bids for each Interest Period that is accepted.  The Borrower may accept any Competitive Bid in whole or in part;   provided   that: 
    
  (i)    the aggregate principal amount of each Bid Borrowing may not exceed the applicable amount set forth in the related Bid Request; 
    
  (ii)    the principal amount of each Bid Loan must be $2,000,000 or a whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof; 
    
  (iii)    the acceptance of offers may be made only on the basis of ascending 
  Absolute Rates or Eurocurrency Bid Margins within each Interest Period; and 

(iv)    the   Borrower   may   not   accept   any   offer   that   is   described   in 
  Section 2.04A(c)(iii)   or that otherwise fails to comply with the requirements hereof. 
    
  (f)           Procedure  for  Identical  Bids  .     If  two  or  more  Lenders  have  submitted Competitive Bids at the same Absolute Rate or Eurocurrency Bid Margin, as the case may be, for the same Interest Period, and the result of accepting all of such Competitive Bids in whole (together with any other Competitive Bids at lower Absolute Rates or Eurocurrency Bid Margins, as the case may be, accepted for such Interest Period in conformity with the requirements of   Section 2.04A(e)(iii)  )  would  be  to  cause  the  aggregate  outstanding  principal  amount  of  the applicable Bid Borrowing to exceed the amount specified therefor in the related Bid Request, then, unless otherwise agreed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Lenders, such Competitive Bids shall be accepted as nearly as possible in proportion to the amount offered by each such Lender in respect of such Interest Period, with such accepted amounts being rounded to the nearest whole multiple of $1,000,000. 
    
  (g)          Notice to Lenders of Acceptance or Rejection of Bids  .   The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender having submitted a Competitive Bid whether or not its offer has been accepted and, if its offer has been accepted, of the amount of the Bid Loan or Bid Loans to be made by it on the date of the applicable Bid Borrowing.  Any Competitive Bid or portion  thereof  that  is  not  accepted  by  the  Borrower  by  the  applicable  time  specified  in   Section 2.04A   shall be deemed rejected. 
    
  (h)          Notice of Eurocurrency Rate  .  If any Bid Borrowing is to consist of Eurocurrency Margin Loans, the Administrative Agent shall determine the Eurocurrency Rate for the relevant Interest Period, and promptly after making such determination, shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that will be participating in such Bid Borrowing of such Eurocurrency Rate. 
    
  (i)           Funding  of  Bid  Loans  .    Each  Lender  that  has  received  notice  pursuant  to   Section 2.04A(g)   that all or a portion of its Competitive Bid has been accepted by the Borrower shall make the amount of its Bid Loan(s) available to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of the requested  Bid  Borrowing.     Upon  satisfaction  of  the  applicable  conditions  set  forth  in   Section 4.02,   the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (j)           Notice of Range of Bids  .  After each Competitive Bid auction pursuant to this   Section 2.04A,   the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender that submitted a Competitive Bid in such auction of the ranges of bids submitted (without the bidder s name) and accepted for each Bid Loan and the aggregate amount of each Bid Borrowing. 
    
  2.05        Prepayments  . 
    
  (a)        The Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty;   provided   that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 
  12:00 Noon (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars, (B) four Business Days (or five, in the case of prepayment of Loans denominated in Special Notice Currencies) prior to any date of prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies and (C) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Dollars shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof; (iii) any prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies shall be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof; and (iv) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding.  Each such notice shall specify the date, the amount of such prepayment, and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid.  The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice and the contents thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment (including, in the event such prepayment is of a Revolving Loan  

denominated in an Alternative Currency, each Alternative Currency Funding Lender s Alternative Currency Funding Applicable Percentage of such payment).  If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified  in  such  notice  shall  be  due  and  payable  on  the  date  specified  therein;    provided  ,   however  , that a notice of voluntary prepayment pursuant to this   subsection (a)   may state that such notice is conditioned upon an event or other transaction, such as the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness, in which case such notice of prepayment pursuant to this   subsection (a)   may be revoked by the Borrower if such condition  is  not  satisfied  (subject  to    Section 3.05(b)    for  any  notice  of  a  prepayment  of Eurocurrency Rate Loans that is revoked). Any prepayment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to   Section 3.05  .     Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
    
  (b)        The Borrower may, upon notice to the applicable Swing Line Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), at any time or from time to time, voluntarily prepay Swing Line Loans of such Swing Line Lender in whole or in part without premium or penalty;   provided   that (i) such notice must be received by such Swing Line Lender and the Administrative Agent not later than 9:00 a.m. on the date of the prepayment, and (ii) any such prepayment shall be in a minimum principal amount of $100,000.  Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment.   If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein;   provided  ,   however  , that a notice of voluntary prepayment pursuant to this   subsection (b)   may state that such notice is conditioned upon an event or other transaction, such as the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness, in which case such notice of prepayment may be revoked by the Borrower if such condition is not satisfied. 
    
  (c)       If the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower at any time that the Total Revolving Outstandings at such time exceed, solely as a result of fluctuations in currency, an amount equal to 105% of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments then in effect, then, within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall prepay Revolving Loans 
  and/or  the  Borrower  shall  Cash  Collateralize  the  L/C Obligations  in  an  aggregate  amount sufficient to reduce such Total Revolving Outstandings as of such date of payment to an amount not to exceed 100% of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments then in effect;   provided,     however  , that the Borrower shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this   Section 2.05(c)   unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Loans the Total Revolving Outstandings exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments then in effect.   Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
    
  (d)        Except in connection with the prepayment in full of the Revolving Loans and the simultaneous termination of the Revolving Commitments, no Bid Loan may be prepaid without the prior consent of the applicable Bid Loan Lender. 
    
  (e)        If  the  Administrative  Agent  notifies  the  Borrower  at  any  time  that  the Outstanding Amount of all Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies at such time exceeds an amount  equal  to  105%  of  the  Alternative  Currency  Sublimit  then  in  effect,  then,  within three Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrower shall prepay Loans in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such date of payment to an amount not to exceed 100% of the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect. 
    
  2.06      Termination or Reduction of Aggregate Revolving Commitments  .   The Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments;   provided   that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. three Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of $5,000,000 or any whole multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, the Total Revolving Outstandings would exceed the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, and (iv)  

if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, the Letter of Credit Sublimit, the Bid Loan Sublimit, the Alternative Currency Sublimit or the Swing Line Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, such Letter of Credit Sublimit, Bid Loan Sublimit, Alternative Currency Sublimit or Swing Line Sublimit, as applicable, shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess.  The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Revolving Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the contents thereof.  Any reduction of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments shall be applied to the Revolving Commitment of each Revolving Lender according to its Applicable Percentage.  All fees accrued pursuant to   Section 2.09(a)   until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. Any notice of termination or reduction pursuant to this   Section 2.06   may state that such notice is conditioned upon an event or other transaction, such as the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness, in which case such notice of termination or reduction pursuant to this   Section 2.06   may be revoked by the Borrower if such condition is not satisfied (subject to   Section 3.05(b)   for any notice that is revoked). 
    
  2.07      Repayment of Loans. 
    
  (a)        The Borrower shall repay on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of Revolving Loans outstanding on such date, together with all interest and accrued fees related thereto. 
  (b)        The Borrower shall repay each Swing Line Loan to the applicable Swing Line Lender on the earlier to occur of (i) the date five (5) Business Days after such Swing Line Loan is made and (ii) the Revolving Commitment Termination Date. 
    
  (c)        The Borrower shall repay each Bid Loan on the last day of the Interest Period in respect thereof. 
    
  2.08        Interest. 
    
  (a)        Subject to the provisions of   subsection (b)   below, (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Committed Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period   plus   the Applicable Rate; (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate   plus   the Applicable Rate; (iii) each Swing Line Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate   plus   the Applicable Rate or the Fixed Eurocurrency Rate; and (iv) each Bid Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for the Interest Period therefor at a rate per annum equal to the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period   plus   (or   minus  ) the Eurocurrency Bid Margin, or at the Absolute Rate for such Interest Period, as the case may be. 
    
  (b)        (i)         If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
    
  (ii)        If  any  amount  (other  than  principal  of  any  Loan)  payable  by  the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
    
  (iii)       Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in   clause (b)(i)   above), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
    
  (iv)       Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 

(c)        Interest  on  each  Loan  shall  be  due  and  payable  in  arrears  on  each  Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (for interest accrued through the immediately preceding day), on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
    
  (d)    Interest on any Revolving Loan in an Alternative Currency advanced by an 
  Alternative Currency Fronting Lender shall be for the benefit of such Alternative Currency 
  Fronting Lender, and not any Alternative Currency Participating Lender, until the applicable Alternative Currency Participating Lender has funded its participation therein to such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender. 
    
  2.09      Fees  .  In addition to certain fees described in   subsections (h)   and   (i)   of   Section 2.03: 
    
  (a)          Facility  Fee  .    The  Borrower  shall  pay  to  the  Administrative  Agent,  for  the account of each Revolving Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender, subject to   Section 2.17(a)(iii)  ) in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a facility fee (the    Facility Fee   ), in Dollars, equal to the Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments (or, if the Aggregate Revolving Commitments have terminated, on the Total Revolving Outstandings), regardless of usage.   The Facility Fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability  Period  (and  thereafter  so  long  as  any  Revolving  Loans,  Swing  Line  Loans  or L/C Obligations remain outstanding), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in   Section 4.02   is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand).   The Facility Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. 
    
  (b)          Other Fees  . The Borrower shall pay to the Arrangers and the Administrative Agent,  for their  own respective  accounts fees,  in  Dollars, in  the  amounts  and  at the times specified  in  the  Fee  Letters.    Such  fees  shall  be  fully  earned  when  paid  and  shall  not  be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
    
  2.10      Computation of Interest and Fees  .   (a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed.  All computations of interest for Eurocurrency Rate Loans denominated in Sterling, Australian Dollars or Canadian Dollars shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 days and actual days elapsed.  All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year), or, in the case of interest in respect of Committed Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies (other than Sterling, Australian Dollars or Canadian Dollars) as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice.  Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid;   provided   that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to   Section 2.12(a)  , bear interest for one day.  Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
    
  (b)        For the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada), (i) whenever a rate of interest or fee rate hereunder is calculated on the basis of a year (the  deemed year ) that contains fewer days than the actual number of days in the calendar year of calculation, such rate of interest or fee rate shall be expressed as a yearly rate by multiplying such rate of interest or fee rate by the actual number of days in the  calendar  year  of  calculation  and  dividing  it  by  the  number  of  days  in  the  deemed  year, (ii) the principle of deemed reinvestment of interest shall not apply to any interest calculation hereunder and (iii) the rates of interest stipulated herein are intended to be nominal rates and not effective rates or yields. 

2.11        Evidence of Debt. 
    
  (a)        The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business.  The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon.  Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations.  In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.   Upon the request of any Lender made through  the  Administrative  Agent,  the  Borrower  shall  execute  and  deliver  to  such  Lender (through the Administrative Agent) the applicable Note(s), which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records.  Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
    
  (b)        In addition to the accounts and records referred to in   subsection (a)  , each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans.  In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
    
  2.12        Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback  . 
    
  (a)          General  .   All payments to be made by a Credit Party shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all payments by a Credit Party hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date specified herein.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein.   Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States.  If, for any reason, the Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, the Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount.   The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein, including without limitation an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender s Alternative Currency Funding Applicable Percentage of any payment made with respect to any Revolving Loan as to which any Alternative Currency Participating Lender has not funded its Alternative Currency Risk Participation) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office.   All payments received by the Administrative Agent (i) after 11:00 a.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or 
  (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall in each case, solely for purposes of calculating interest, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.   If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
    
  (b)        (i)           Funding by Lenders: Presumption by Administrative Agent  .  Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Committed Borrowing that such  

Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Committed Borrowing of Eurocurrency Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 Noon on the date of such Committed Borrowing),  the  Administrative  Agent  may  assume  that  such  Lender  has  made  such  share available on such date in accordance with   Section 2.02   (or, in the case of a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by   Section 2.02)   and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount.  In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate,   plus   any reasonable administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to such Committed Borrowing. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period.  If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Committed Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in such Committed Borrowing.  Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (ii)          Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent  .  Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due.  In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment and without relieving the Borrower s obligation to make such payment, then each of the Lenders or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. 
    
  A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this   subsection (b)   shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
  (c)          Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent  .  If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this   Article II  , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in   Article IV   are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall promptly return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
    
  (d)          Obligations of Lenders Several  .   The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans (including Revolving Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies in the event they are Alternative Currency Funding Lenders), to fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans and to make payments pursuant to   Section 10.04(c)   and to fund Alternative Currency Risk Participations (if they are Alternative Currency Participating Lenders) are several and not joint.  The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan (including Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency in the event it is an Alternative Currency  Funding  Lender),  to  fund  any  such  participation  or  to  make  any  payment  under   Section 10.04(c)    on  any  date  required  hereunder  shall  not  relieve  any  other  Lender  of  its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan (including Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency in the event it is an Alternative Currency Funding Lender), to purchase its participation or to make its payment under   Section 10.04(c)  . 
    
  (e)          Funding Source  .   Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for  

any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
    
  2.13      Sharing of Payments by Lenders  .  If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations or in Swing Line Loans held by it resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its   pro     rata   share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Committed Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed Loans and other amounts owing them,   provided   that: 
    
  (a)        if  any  such  participations  or  subparticipations  are  purchased  and  all  or  any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 
    
  (b)        the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of a Credit Party pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in   Section 2.16  , or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations or Swing Line Loans to any assignee or 
  participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
    
  Each Credit Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Credit Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Credit Party in the amount of such participation. 
    
  2.14        Extension of Revolving Commitment Termination Date  . 
    
  (a)          Requests  for  Extension  of  Revolving  Commitment  Termination  Date  .    The Borrower  may,  up  to  two  times  during  the  term  of  this  Agreement,  by  notice  to  the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Revolving Lenders) not earlier than 90 days prior to, and not later than 30 days prior to, the Revolving Commitment Termination Date then in effect  hereunder  (the     Existing  Revolving  Commitment  Termination  Date   ),  cause  each Revolving Lender to extend such Revolving Lender s Existing Revolving Commitment Termination Date for an additional six (6) months from the Existing Revolving Commitment Termination Date and each Revolving Lender shall extend such Revolving Lender s Revolving Commitment Termination Date for an additional six (6) months from the Existing Revolving Commitment Termination Date in accordance with this   Section 2.14(a)   subject to   subsection (b)   below. 
    
  (b)         Conditions to Effectiveness of Extensions  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an extension of the Existing Revolving Commitment Termination Date pursuant to this Section shall not be effective with respect to the Revolving Lenders unless: 
    
  (i)         no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such extension and after giving effect thereto; 
    
  (ii)        the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects, on and as of the date of such extension and after giving effect thereto, as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an  

earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (in each case, without duplication of materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations and warranties), and except that the representations and warranties contained in   subsections     (a)   and   (d)   of   Section 5.05   shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements and projections furnished pursuant to   Sections 6.01(a)   and   6.02(b)  , respectively; and 
    
  (iii)       in the case of each extension of the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, the Borrower pays the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Revolving Lenders), based on their Applicable Percentages, on or prior to the Existing Revolving Termination Date, an extension fee in an amount equal to the product of (i) 0.0625%, multiplied by (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in effect at the time of such extension. 
    
  (c)      Conflicting  Provisions  .    This  Section  shall  supersede  any  provisions  in 
  Section 2.13   or   10.01   to the contrary. 
  2.15        Increase in Commitments  . 
    
  (a)          Aggregate Revolving Commitments  .   The Borrower shall have the right from time to time, after the Closing Date and prior to the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth below, to increase the amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments;   provided   that (i) no Default or Event of Default shall exist at the time of the request of the proposed increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or after giving effect thereto; (ii) the representations and warranties contained in   Article V   and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects, on and as of the date of the increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case, they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (in each case, without duplication of materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations  and  warranties),  and  except  that  for  purposes  of  this    Section 2.15(a)  ,  the representations and warranties contained in   subsection (a)   of   Section 5.05   shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to   subsection (a)   of   Section 6.01,   (iii) such increase must be in a minimum amount of $25,000,000 and in integral multiples of $1,000,000 above such amount, (iv) the Aggregate Revolving Commitments shall not be increased by an amount after the Closing Date, in the aggregate, that is greater than $350,000,000 less the aggregate principal amount of any term tranches added after the Closing Date pursuant to   subsection (b)    below,  (v) no individual  Lender s  Revolving  Commitment  may  be  increased without such Lender s written consent (which may be given or withheld at such Lender s sole discretion), (vi)   Schedule 2.01   shall be amended to reflect the revised amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and revised Revolving Commitments of the Lenders and (vii) if any Revolving Loans are outstanding at the time of an increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, the Borrower will prepay (  provided   that any such prepayment shall be subject to   Section 3.05)   one or more existing Revolving Loans (or in the case of the addition of any new Lender as set forth in the paragraph below, prepay and reborrow the outstanding Revolving Loans) in an amount necessary such that after giving effect to the increase in the Aggregate Revolving  Commitments,  each  Lender  will  hold  its  Applicable  Percentage  (based  on  its Revolving Commitment of the revised Aggregate Revolving Commitments) of outstanding Revolving Loans. 
    
  Any such increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments shall apply, at the option of the Borrower, to (x) the Revolving Commitment of one or more existing Lenders;   provided   that any Lender whose Revolving Commitment is being increased must consent in writing thereto and/or (y) the creation of a new Revolving Commitment to one or more institutions that is not an existing Lender;   provided   that any such institution (A) must conform to the definition of Eligible Assignee and (B) must become a Revolving Lender under this Agreement by execution and delivery of a Lender Joinder Agreement or other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (b)          New Term Tranches  .  The Borrower shall have the right from time to time, after the Closing Date and prior to the Revolving Commitment Termination Date, and subject to the conditions  set  forth  below,  to  request  a  tranche  or  tranches  of  term  loans;    provided    that (i) no Default or Event of Default shall exist at the time of such new term tranche or after giving effect thereto, (ii) the representations and warranties contained in   Article V    

and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects, on and as of the date of the funding of the new term tranche, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date (in each case, without duplication of materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations and warranties), in which case, they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this   Section 2.15(b)  , the representations and 
    
  warranties contained in   subsection (a)   of   Section 5.05   shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to   subsection (a)   of   Section 6.01,   (iii) no Lender shall be required to participate in any such term tranche without its written consent, (iv) the aggregate principal amount of such term tranches after the Closing Date shall not exceed $350,000,000 less any increases  in  the  Aggregate  Revolving  Commitments  after  the  Closing  Date  pursuant  to   subsection (a)   above, (v) the Borrower and the Lenders providing such term tranche shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement as is necessary to evidence such term tranche and all issues related thereto, including but not limited to, pricing and maturity of such term tranche, and all Lenders  not  providing  such  term tranche  hereby  consent  to  such  limited  scope  amendment without future consent rights and (vi)   Schedule 2.01   shall be amended to reflect the addition of any term tranche and the commitments related thereto. 
    
  Any  term  tranche  may  be  provided  by  one  or  more  existing  Lenders  (at  the  sole discretion of any such existing Lender) or by one or more institutions that is not an existing Lender;   provided   that any such institution (A) must conform to the definition of Eligible Assignee and  (B) must  become  a  Lender  under  this  Agreement  by  execution  of  a  Lender  Joinder Agreement or other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (c)      Conflicting  Provisions  .    This    Section 2.15    shall  supersede  any  provisions  in 
  Section 2.13   or   10.01   to the contrary. 
    
  2.16        Cash Collateral  . 
    
  (a)          Certain Credit Support Events  .   If (i) any L/C Issuer has honored any full or partial drawing request under any Letter of Credit issued by it and such drawing has resulted in an L/C Borrowing that is not repaid when due, (ii) as of the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains outstanding, (iii) the Borrower shall be required to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to   Section 8.02(c)  , or (iv) there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, the Borrower shall within one Business Day following any request by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, provide Cash Collateral in an amount not less than the applicable Minimum Collateral Amount (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to   clause (iv)      above, after giving effect to   Section 2.17(a)(iv)      and any Cash Collateral provided by each Defaulting Lender). 
    
  (b)         Grant of Security Interest  .  The Borrower, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative  Agent,  for  the  benefit  of  the  Administrative  Agent,  the  L/C Issuers  and  the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to   Section 2.16(c)  .  If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Borrower will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency. All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in a blocked, non-interest bearing deposit account at Bank of America. The Borrower shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral. 
    
  (c)      Application.      Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  in  this 
  Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this   Section 2.16   or   Section 2.03,     2.05,     2.17   or 

8.02   in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific 
  L/C Obligations,  obligations  to  fund  participations  therein  (including,  as  to  Cash  Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein. 
    
  (d)          Release  .  Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee  following  compliance  with    Section 10.06(b)(vi)  ))  or  (ii) the  determination  by  the Administrative Agent and each applicable L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral;   provided,     however  , that (x) Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower shall not be released during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default (and following application as provided in this   Section 2.16   may be otherwise applied in accordance with   Section 8.03  ) and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations. 
    
  2.17      Defaulting Lenders  . 
    
  (a)          Adjustments  .     Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  in  this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 
    
  (i)           Waivers and Amendments  .  Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of  Required Lenders  and   Section 10.01. 
    
  (ii)          Defaulting Lender Waterfall  .  Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender  (whether  voluntary  or  mandatory,  at  maturity,  pursuant  to    Article VIII    or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to   Section 10.08    shall  be  applied  at  such  time  or  times  as  may  be  determined  by  the Administrative Agent as follows:   first  , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder;   second  , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuers or Swing Line Lenders hereunder;   third  , to Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers  unfunded Fronting  Exposure  with  respect  to  such  Defaulting  Lender  in  accordance  with   Section 2.16;     fourth  , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent;   fifth  , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers  future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with   Section 2.16  ;   sixth  , to the payment of 
  any amounts owing to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers or Swing Line Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any Swing Line Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement;   seventh  , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and   eighth  , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction;   provided   that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related  Letters  of  Credit  were  issued  at  a  time  when  the  conditions  set  forth  in   Section 4.02   were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of,  

and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations and Swing Line Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with  the  Commitments  hereunder  without  giving  effect  to    Section 2.17(a)(iv)  .  Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant  to  this    Section 2.17(a)(ii)   shall  be  deemed  paid  to  and  redirected  by  such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
    
  (iii)         Certain Fees  . 
    
  (A)       Each Defaulting Lender shall only be entitled to receive any fee payable under   Section 2.09(a)  , for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender, to the extent applicable to the sum of (1) the outstanding principal amount of the Committed Loans funded by it and (2) its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit  for  which  it  has  provided  Cash  Collateral  pursuant  to    Section 2.16    (and  the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
    
  (B)       Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period  during which that  Lender is a  Defaulting Lender  only to  the extent allocable to its Applicable Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to   Section 2.16. 
    
  (C)       With respect to any Letter of Credit Fee or any Facility Fee payable under   Section 2.09(a)   not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to (  A  ) or   (B)   above, the Borrower shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s  participation  in  L/C Obligations  that  has  been  reallocated  to  such  Non- Defaulting Lender pursuant to   clause (iv)      below, (y) pay to each L/C Issuer the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
    
  (iv)           Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure  .  All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in unfunded L/C Obligations and in Swing Line Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective 
  Applicable Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Commitment) but only to the extent that (x) the conditions set forth in   Section 4.02   are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time), and (y) such reallocation does not cause any Non-Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Total Outstandings to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Commitment.  No reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
    
  (v)            Cash Collateral, Repayment of Swing Line Loans  .  If the reallocation described in   clause (a)(iv)   above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under applicable Law, (x) first, prepay Swing Line Loans in an amount equal to the Swing Line Lenders  Fronting Exposure and (y) second,  Cash  Collateralize  the  L/C Issuers   Fronting  Exposure  in  accordance  with  the procedures set forth in   Section 2.16. 
    
  (b)          Defaulting Lender Cure  .   If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swing Line Lenders  and  the  L/C Issuers  agree  in  writing  that  a  Lender  is  no  longer  a  Defaulting  Lender,  the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase  

at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Committed Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages (without giving effect to   Section 2.17(a)(iv)  ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender;   provided   that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and   provided,     further  , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
    
  ARTICLE III 
    
  TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
    
  3.01        Taxes  . 
    
  (a)      Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold. 
    
  (i)         Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws.  If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of a Credit Party or the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Credit Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Credit Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to   subsection (e)   below. 
  (ii)        If any Credit Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding Taxes, from any payment, then (A) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined  by  such  Credit  Party  or  the  Administrative  Agent,  as  applicable,  to  be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to   subsection (e)   below, (B) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by applicable Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this   Section 3.01(a)(ii)  ) the applicable Lender or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
    
  (iii)       If any Credit Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable  Laws  (other  than  the  Code)  to  withhold  or  deduct  any  Taxes  from  any payment, then (A) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to   subsection (e)   below, (B) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the applicable Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Credit Party shall be increased  as  necessary  so  that  after  any  required  withholding  or  the  making  of  all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this    Section  3.01(a)(iii)  )  the  Administrative  Agent,  the  applicable  Lender,  or  the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
    
  (b)         Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower  .  Without limiting the provisions of   subsection (a)    above,  the  Borrower  shall  timely  pay  any  Other  Taxes  to  the  relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 

(c)      Indemnification for Taxes  . 
    
  (i)         Each Credit Party, to the extent the Administrative Agent, the applicable Lender  and  the  applicable  L/C  Issuer  were  not  previously  indemnified  pursuant  to   Section 3.01(a)  , shall and does hereby indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each L/C Issuer, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this   Section 3.01  ) payable or paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender or an L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such amounts, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.   Each Credit Party shall, and does hereby 
  indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender or an L/C Issuer for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to   Section 3.01(c)(ii)   below. 
    
  (ii)        Each  Lender  and  each  L/C Issuer  shall,  and  does  hereby,  severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer (but only to the extent that a Credit Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of any Credit Party to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Credit Party, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with  the  provisions  of    Section 10.06(d)    relating  to  the  maintenance  of  a  Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Credit Party, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Credit Party in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Lender and each L/C Issuer hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set  off  and  apply  any  and  all  amounts  at  any  time  owing  to  such  Lender  or  such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this   clause (ii)  . 
    
  (d)          Evidence of Payments  .  As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes  or  Other  Taxes  by  a  Credit  Party  to  a  Governmental  Authority  as  provided  in  this   Section 3.01,   such Credit Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (e)      Status of the Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers and Lenders  . 
    
  (i)         Any of the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not the  

Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in   Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A)  ,   (ii)(B)   and   (ii)(D)   below) shall not be required if in the Lender s or L/C Issuer's, as applicable, reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender or L/C Issuer to any 
  material  unreimbursed  cost  or  expense  or  would  materially  prejudice  the  legal  or commercial position of such Lender or L/C Issuer. 
    
  (ii)    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the 
  Borrower is a U.S. Person, 
    
  (A)       the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender becomes a party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender or L/C Issuer is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 
    
  (B)       any Foreign Lender and any Foreign L/C Issuer shall, to the extent  it  is  legally  entitled  to  do  so,  deliver  to  the  Borrower  and  the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender or such Foreign L/C Issuer becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
    
  (I)         in the case of a Foreign Lender or a Foreign L/C Issuer claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies  of  IRS  Form W-8BENE  (or  W-8BEN,  as  applicable)  establishing  an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  interest  article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  business profits  or  other income  article of such tax treaty; 
    
  (II)    executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
    
  (III)      in the case of a Foreign Lender or a Foreign L/C Issuer claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit I-1   to the effect that such Foreign Lender or such Foreign L/C Issuer is not a  bank  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a  10 percent shareholder  of the Borrower  within  the  meaning  of  Section 881(c)(3)(B)  of  the  Code,  or  a  controlled foreign corporation  described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a    U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate   ) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W- 
  8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or 
    
  (IV)      to the extent a Foreign Lender or a Foreign L/C Issuer is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit I-2   or   Exhibit I- 
  3,   IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;   provided   that if the Foreign Lender or a Foreign L/C Issuer 
  is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender or such Foreign  

L/C Issuer are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender or such Foreign L/C Issuer may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit I-4   on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
    
  (C)       any Foreign Lender or any Foreign L/C Issuer shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender or such Foreign L/C Issuer becomes a party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
    
  (D)       if a payment made to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender has complied with such party's obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.     Solely  for  purposes  of  this  clause  (D),   FATCA   shall  include  any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
    
  (iii)       The Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this   Section 3.01   expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly  notify  the  Borrower  and  the  Administrative  Agent  in  writing  of  its  legal inability to do so. 
    
  (f)           Treatment of Certain Refunds  .  Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be.   If the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Credit Party or with respect to which any Credit Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this   Section 3.01,   it shall pay to such Credit Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) and net of any loss or gain realized in the conversion of 
  such  funds  from or  to  another  currency of  the  Administrative  Agent,  such  Lender  or  such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund),   provided   that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (  plus   any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer in the event the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never  

been paid.  This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person or to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of any Credit Party any refund of any Taxes. 
    
  (g)          Grandfathered Obligations   .  For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the Closing Date, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) the Loans as not qualifying as a  grandfathered obligation  within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i). 
    
  (h)          Survival  .    Each  party s  obligations  under  this    Section 3.01    shall  survive  the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
    
  3.02      Illegality  .  If any Lender determines in good faith that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Eurocurrency Rate Loans (whether denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency), or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in Dollars, to convert Base Rate Committed Loans to Eurocurrency Rate Loans shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency  Rate  component  of  the  Base  Rate,  in  each  case  until  such  Lender  notifies  the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist.  Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all Eurocurrency Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of 
  the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurocurrency Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurocurrency Rate.   Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.  Any Lender that is or becomes an Alternative Currency Participating Lender with respect to any Alternative Currency pursuant to this   Section 3.02   or otherwise as provided in this Agreement shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in the event that the impediment resulting in its being or becoming an Alternative Currency Participating Lender is alleviated in a manner such that it can become an Alternative Currency Funding Lender with respect to such Alternative Currency. 
    
  3.03      Inability to Determine Rates  .   If   in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Rate Loan or a conversion thereto or continuation thereof (a) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine in good faith that for any reason that (i) deposits (whether in Dollars or an Alternative Currency) are not being offered to banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurocurrency Rate Loan or (ii) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurocurrency Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan (whether denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency) or in connection with an existing proposed Base Rate Loan (in each case with respect to   clause (a)(i)      above,    Impacted Loans   ), or (b) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine in good faith that for any reason the Eurocurrency Rate  

for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurocurrency Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Eurocurrency Rate  Loan, the  Administrative  Agent will promptly so  notify the  Borrower  and  each Lender.  Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurocurrency Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurocurrency Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice.   Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans in the affected currency or currencies (to the extent of the affected Eurocurrency Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Committed Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. 
    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in   clause (a)(i)      of this Section, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower and the Required Lenders, may establish an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the Impacted Loans until (x) the Administrative Agent revokes the notice delivered with respect to the Impacted Loans under   clause (a)(i)   of this Section, (y) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding the Impacted Loans, or (z) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the Borrower written notice thereof. 

3.04        Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans  . 
    
  (a)      Increased Costs Generally  .  If any Change in Law shall: 
    
  (i)         impose,  modify  or  deem  applicable  any  reserve,  special  deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by   Section 3.04(e)  , other than as set forth below) or any L/C Issuer; or 
    
  (ii)        subject  any  Lender  or  any  L/C Issuer  to  any  Taxes  (other  than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in   clauses (b)   through (  e  ) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 
    
  (iii)       impose on any Lender or any L/C Issuer or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Rate Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein (other than with respect to Taxes, which shall be governed solely by   Section 3.01  ); 
    
  and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender, which such Lender deems material in its reasonable discretion, of making or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or such L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 

(b)          Capital Requirements  .   If any Lender or any L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity ratios or requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such  L/C Issuer s  capital  or  on  the  capital  of  such  Lender s  or  such  L/C Issuer s  holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material in its reasonable discretion, then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
    
  (c)          Certificates for  Reimbursement  .    A  certificate  of  a Lender  or  an  L/C Issuer setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the calculation of the amount or amounts 
  necessary to compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in   subsection (a)   or   (b)   of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
    
  (d)          Delay in Requests  .  Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such  Lender s  or  such  L/C Issuer s  right  to  demand  such  compensation,    provided    that  the Borrower  shall  not  be  required  to  compensate  a  Lender  or  an  L/C Issuer  pursuant  to  the provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than three months prior to the date that such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the three-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
    
  (e)          Reserves on Eurocurrency Rate Loans  .  The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as  Eurocurrency liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurocurrency Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Eurocurrency Rate Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), which in each case, shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan;   provided,   the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days  prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender.  If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or costs shall be due and payable 
  10 days from receipt of such notice. Any Lender which gives notice under this   Section 3.04(e) 
  shall promptly withdraw such notice (by written notice of withdrawal given to the Administrative 
  Agent and the Borrower) in the event such Lender is no longer required to maintain such reserves or the circumstances giving rise to such notice shall otherwise cease to exist. 
    
  Notwithstanding anything contained in this   Section 3.04,   the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay  any  greater  amounts  than  such  Lender(s)  or  such  L/C Issuer  is  (are)  generally  charging  other borrowers or account parties on loans or letters of credit (as the case may be) similarly situated to the Borrower that are parties to similar credit agreements. 

3.05      Compensation  for  Losses  .     Upon  demand  of  any  Lender  (with  a  copy  to  the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
    
  (a)        any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Eurocurrency Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 
  (b)        any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert to any Eurocurrency Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; 
    
  (c)        any failure by the Borrower to make payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereon) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency; 
    
  (d)        any assignment of a Eurocurrency Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to   Section 10.13;   or 
    
  (e)        any  change  in  the  applicable  Spot  Rate  between  the  date  of  funding  of  an Alternative Currency Risk Participation pursuant to   Section 2.02(f)(iii)   and the date of repayment by the Borrower pursuant to   Section 2.02(f)(vi)  ; 
    
  including any loss or expense (including, without limitation, any foreign exchange losses) arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract (but excluding any loss of anticipated profits).  The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
    
  For  purposes  of  calculating  amounts  payable  by  the  Borrower  to  the  Lenders  under  this   Section 3.05,   each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurocurrency Rate Loan made by it at the Eurocurrency Rate used in determining the Eurocurrency Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank eurodollar market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurocurrency Rate Loan was in fact so funded.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation for such amounts, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
    
  3.06        Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders  . 
    
  (a)          Designation of a Different Lending Office  .  Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to the Borrower through any Lending Office,   provided   that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.   If any Lender requests compensation under   Section 3.04,   or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to   Section 3.01,   or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to   Section 3.02,   then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to   Section 3.01   or   3.04,   as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to   Section 3.02,   as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender.  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
    
  (b)          Replacement   of   Lenders  .      If   any   Lender   requests   compensation   under   Section 3.04,   or  

if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to 
  Section 3.01,   and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with   Section 3.06(a)  , or if material amounts are paid to such Lender  under    Section 3.05,    the  Borrower  may  replace  such  Lender  in  accordance  with   Section 10.13. 
    
  3.07      Survival.       All  of  the  Borrower s  obligations  under  this    Article III    shall  survive termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 

ARTICLE IV 
    
  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EFFECTIVENESS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND FURTHER CREDIT EXTENSIONS 
    
  4.01      Conditions of Effectiveness of this Agreement  .  The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligation of each L/C Issuer and each Lender to make its initial Credit Extension hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
    
  (a)        The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies or other electronic imaging transmission (e.g.,  pdf  via email) (followed promptly by originals to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent) and unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Credit Party (to the extent applicable), each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. 
    
  (i)    executed counterparts of this Agreement; 
    
  (ii)        a Revolving Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Revolving Lender requesting a Revolving Note and a Swing Line Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Swing Line Lender requesting a Swing Line Note; 
    
  (iii)      such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or   other   certificates   of   Responsible   Officers   of   each   Credit   Party   as   the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized as of the date hereof to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Credit Party is a party; 
    
  (iv)      such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Credit Party is duly organized or formed (including, without limitation, articles or certificates of incorporation or other charter documents and bylaws or other governance documents of each Credit Party), and that each  Credit  Party  is  validly  existing  and  in  good  standing  in  its  jurisdiction  of organization and the tax identification number for each Credit Party; 
    
  (v)       favorable opinions of counsel to the Credit Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to the matters concerning the Credit Parties and the Loan Documents as the Required Lenders may reasonably request; 
    
  (vi)    [reserved]; 
  (vii)      a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in   Sections 4.02(a)   and   (b)   have been satisfied, (B) that there  has  been  no  event  or   

circumstance  since  the  date  of  the  Audited  Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (C) the Debt Rating as of the Closing Date; 
    
  (viii)     a letter from the agent under the Existing Credit Agreement evidencing that all amounts outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement constituting principal, interest and fees have been, or concurrently with the Closing Date, are being repaid in full and that the Existing Credit Agreement is terminated (except as to any provision thereof that, pursuant to the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement, survives such termination); and 
    
  (ix)       such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the  Administrative  Agent, the L/C Issuers,  the  Swing Line  Lenders  or the Required Lenders reasonably may require. 
    
  (b)        Any fees required to be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Lenders on or before the Closing Date in connection with this Agreement shall have been, or concurrently with the Closing Date are being, paid. 
    
  (c)       Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced prior to the Closing Date,   plus   such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (  provided   that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 
    
  Without limiting the generality of the provisions of   Section 9.04,   for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this   Section 4.01,   each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender  unless  the  Administrative  Agent  shall  have  received  notice  from  such  Lender  prior  to  the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
    
  4.02      Conditions to all Credit Extensions  .   The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent: 
    
  (a)        The representations and warranties of each Credit Party contained in   Article V   or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of such Credit Extension in all material respects, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this   Section 4.02,   as applicable, the representations and warranties contained in   subsection (a)   of   Section 5.05   shall be deemed  to  refer  to  the  most  recent  statements  furnished  pursuant  to    subsection (a)    of   Section 6.01. 
  (b)    No Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed 
  Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
    
  (c)        The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, an L/C Issuer or the applicable Swing Line Lender(s) shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
    
  (d)        In the case of a Credit Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, there shall not have occurred any change in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls which in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders (in the case of any Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or the applicable L/C Issuer (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) would make it impracticable for such Credit Extension to be denominated in the relevant Alternative Currency. 

Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Committed Loans to the other Type or a continuation of Eurocurrency Rate Loans) submitted by the Borrower shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in   Sections 4.02(a)   and   (b)   have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. 
    
            ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
    
  Each Credit Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
    
  5.01      Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws  .  Each Credit Party, and each of its Subsidiaries, (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws  of  the  jurisdiction  of  its  incorporation  or  organization  except  to  the  extent  permitted  by   Sections 7.03   or   10.20,   (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license, and (d) is in compliance with all Laws; except in each case referred to in   clause (a)   (solely as to Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties),   (b)(i)  ,   (c)   or   (d)  , to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.02      Authorization; No Contravention  .  The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law, except, in each case referred to in   clause (b)   or   (c)  , as contemplated hereunder or to the extent such conflict, breach, contravention or violation, or creation of any such Lien or required payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  5.03     Governmental Authorization; Other Consents  .   No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Credit Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document other than those that have already been duly made or obtained and remain in full force and effect or those which, if not made or obtained, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.04      Binding  Effect  .    This  Agreement  has  been,  and  each  other  Loan  Document,  when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Credit Party party thereto.  This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Credit Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 
    
  5.05        Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect  . 
    
  (a)        The  Audited  Financial  Statements  fairly  present  in  all  material  respects  the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. 
    
  (b)       The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to   Section 6.01(b)   for the most recent fiscal quarter end, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period  

covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, subject to the absence of footnotes and to normal year end audit adjustments. 
    
  (c)        Since  March 31,  2016,  there  has  been  no  event  or  circumstance,  either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  (d)        The consolidated financial projections of the Borrower previously delivered to the Administrative Agent for the 2016, 2017 and 2018 fiscal years were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts (it being understood that such financial projections are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, which may be beyond the control of the Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries  and  that  no  assurance  is  given  by  the  Borrower  that  such projections will be realized). 
    
  5.06      Litigation  .    There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against any Credit Party or any of their Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) challenge the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (b) either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  5.07      No Default  .  No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
    
  5.08      Ownership of Property  .   Each of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title in fee simple (subject to the rights of other parties as owners of condominium units) to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.09      Environmental  Compliance  .    The  Credit  Parties  and  their  Subsidiaries  are  not  in violation of any Environmental Laws and not subject to liabilities or claims thereunder that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.10     Insurance  .  The properties of each Credit Party and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Credit Parties, in such amounts and with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where such Credit Party or the applicable Subsidiary operates. 
    
  5.11      Taxes  .  The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other Tax returns and reports required to be filed and have paid all Federal, state and other Taxes levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP (to the extent required by GAAP) or (b) where failure to comply with the foregoing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There is no proposed tax assessment against a Credit Party or any of their Subsidiaries that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.12        ERISA Compliance  . 
    
  (a)        Except as could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance in all respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws.  Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Pension Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Service.   To the knowledge of the Credit Parties, nothing has occurred that would cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 

(b)        There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, threatened in writing claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  (c)        (i) Except as could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect, no ERISA Event has occurred, and neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan; (ii) each Credit Party and each ERISA 
  Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60% or higher except where the failure to attain such funding target attainment percentage could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect, and neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60% as of the most recent valuation date except where such drop in funding target attainment percentage could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA. 
    
  5.13      Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act; REIT Status  . 
    
  (a)    Neither the making of any Loan or the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder nor the use of proceeds thereof will violate the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the FRB. 
    
  (b)    None of the Credit Parties is or is required to be registered as an  investment company  under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
    
  (c)    The Borrower currently has REIT Status. 
    
  5.14      Disclosure  .  No report, financial statement, certificate or other written information (other than projected financial information and information of a general economic or general industry nature) furnished by or on behalf of any Credit Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, taken as a whole and as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading;   provided   that, with respect to projected financial information, the Credit Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Credit Parties to be reasonable at the time made (it being understood that such financial projections are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, which may be beyond the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and that no assurance is given by the Borrower that such projections will be realized). 
    
  5.15      Compliance  with  Laws  .    Each  Credit  Party,  and  each  of  its  Subsidiaries,  are  in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to  comply therewith, either individually or in the  aggregate,  could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.16      Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc  .   Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively,    IP Rights   ) that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, without conflict with the rights of any other Person except to the extent that failure to so own or possess such IP  

Rights or any such conflict, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
  5.17      EEA Financial Institution  .   Neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 
    
  5.18      Property  .  All of the Credit Parties  and their respective Subsidiaries  Properties are in good repair and condition, subject to ordinary wear and tear, other than with respect to deferred maintenance existing as of the date of acquisition of such Property and except for such defects relating to properties which, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.19      OFAC  .   Neither the Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, is Controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. 
    
  5.20      Solvency  .  As of the Closing Date and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including all of the Loans made or to be made hereunder and Letters of Credit issued or to be issued hereunder (including but not limited to, the date any such Loan is made or Letter of Credit is issued), the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) are Solvent. 
    
  5.21      Anti-Corruption Laws  .   No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, in violation of the laws of the United States or other jurisdiction, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the UK Bribery Act 2010. 
    
  ARTICLE VI AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
    
  So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnity obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding (unless a replacement letter of credit or cash collateral reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer has been provided to such L/C Issuer), the Credit Parties shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in   Sections 6.01,     6.02  , and   6.03)   cause each Subsidiary to: 
    
  6.01        Financial Statements  .    Deliver to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative 
  Agent shall deliver to each Lender): 
    
  (a)        Within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the consolidated statements of income, stockholders  equity and cash flows, in each case of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, all in reasonable detail.  Such financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, audited and shall be accompanied by a report of Ernst   Young LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards as 
    
  at such date, and shall not be subject to any  going concern  or like qualifications or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of the audit; and 
    
  (b)        Within 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter (other than the fourth fiscal quarter in any fiscal year), the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the consolidated statements of income and cash flows for such fiscal quarter, and the portion of the fiscal year ended with such fiscal quarter, all in reasonable detail.   Such financial statements shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash  

flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP (other than footnote disclosures), consistently applied, as at such date and for such periods, subject only to normal year-end accruals and audit adjustments. 
    
  6.02    Certificates; Other Information  .   Deliver to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall deliver to each Lender), in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 
    
  (a)        Concurrently  with  the  delivery  of  the  financial  statements  referred  to  in   Sections 6.01(a)    and    (b)  , a  duly completed  Compliance  Certificate  signed  by a  Responsible Officer; 
    
  (b)        No later than 90 days after the commencement of each fiscal year, an annual forecast for the then-current fiscal year in reasonable detail; 
    
  (c)    [Reserved]; 
    
  (d)        Promptly after the same are available, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after filing with the SEC, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all publicly available annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to   Section 6.01   or other provisions of this   Section 6.02; 
    
  (e)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the occurrence of any (i) Reportable  Event  or  (ii) non-exempt   prohibited  transaction   (as  such  term is  defined  in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Pension Plan or any trust created thereunder that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a material liability, written notice thereof and specifying what action the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto, and, when known, any action taken by the IRS with respect thereto; 
    
  (f)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Default or Event of Default, written notice thereof and specifying what action the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; 
    
  (g)       Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware that any Person has commenced  a  legal  proceeding  with  respect  to  a  claim  against  the  Credit  Parties  or  their respective Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice describing the pertinent facts relating thereto and what action Borrower or its Subsidiaries are taking or propose to take with respect thereto; 
  (h)    Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of a change in the Debt 
  Rating, written notice of such change; 
    
  (i)         Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware, notice of any material change in accounting policies by the Borrower or any other Credit Party (except to the extent disclosed in the financial statements next delivered pursuant to   Section 6.01)  ; and 
    
  (j)    Such other data and information with respect to the Borrower or any Subsidiary as from time to time may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
    
  Documents  required  to  be  delivered  pursuant  to  this  Agreement  (to  the  extent  any  such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Credit Parties post such documents, or provide a link thereto on the Credit Parties  website on the Internet at the website address listed on   Schedule 10.02   or on such other website as set forth in a written notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Credit Parties  behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent), including the SEC s EDGAR website;   provided   that the Credit Parties shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative  

Agent for any Lender that requests in writing to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that the Credit Parties deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender.  The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Credit Parties with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
    
  The Credit Parties hereby acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Credit Parties hereunder (collectively,    Borrower Materials   ) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the    Platform   ) and (b) certain of the Lenders may be  public-side  Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Credit Parties or their securities) (each, a    Public Lender   ).  The Credit Parties hereby agree that (w) all Borrower Materials (other than SEC Reports) that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked  PUBLIC  which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word  PUBLIC  shall appear prominently on the first page thereof, (x) by marking Borrower Materials  PUBLIC,  the Credit Parties shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as either publicly available information or not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws; (y) all SEC Reports and all Borrower Materials marked  PUBLIC  are permitted to be   made   available   through   a   portion   of   the   Platform   designated    Public   Investor;    and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials (other than SEC Reports) that are not marked  PUBLIC  as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated  Public Investor.  The Credit Parties shall be in compliance with all requirements to deliver information under this Agreement if they have made such information available to the Administrative Agent and, to the extent required, Lenders other than Public Lenders, and the failure of Public Lenders to receive information made available to other Lenders shall not result in any breach of this Agreement. 
  6.03      Payment of Obligations  .  Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless (a) the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate  reserves  in  accordance  with  GAAP  are  being  maintained  by  the  Credit  Parties  or  such Subsidiary (to the extent required by GAAP) or (b) the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  6.04      Preservation of Existence, Etc  .  (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect the legal existence and good standing of the Credit Parties under the Laws of the jurisdiction of their organization except in a transaction permitted by   Section 7.03   or   10.21;   and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  6.05      Maintenance of Properties  .  (a) Maintain, preserve and protect all of its properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and subject to exceptions for extraordinary or reasonably unforeseeable events, in each case except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof in a reasonably timely manner except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  6.06      Maintenance of Insurance  .  Maintain liability, casualty and other insurance (subject to customary deductibles and retentions) with responsible insurance companies in such amounts and against such risks as is customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar assets in the general areas in which the Credit Parties or such Subsidiaries, as applicable, operate. 
    
  6.07      Compliance with Laws  .  Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws (including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.08      Books and Records  .  (a) Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries true and correct in all material respects are made in conformity with GAAP consistently applied; and (b) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries, as the case may be. 
    
  6.09    Inspection Rights  .   Permit the Lenders, through the Administrative Agent or any representative designated by the Administrative Agent, at the Credit Parties  expense, to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries (subject to the rights of any tenants), to examine the books of account of the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries (and to make copies thereof and extracts therefrom) and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Credit  Parties  and  their  respective  Subsidiaries  with,  and  to  be  advised  as  to  the  same  by,  their Responsible Officers, all at such reasonable times (during normal business hours) and intervals as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request upon not less than four (4) Business Days  notice;   provided,     however  , that inspections made at the Credit Parties  expense shall be limited to once per year, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.  The Lenders shall use good faith efforts to coordinate such visits and inspections so as to 
  minimize the interference with and disruption to the Credit Parties  or such Subsidiaries  normal business operations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 6.09,   no Credit Party nor any of their Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of extracts, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (i) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent (or its designated representative) or any Lender is then prohibited by law or any agreement binding on any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
    
  6.10      Use of Proceeds  .  Use the proceeds of any Credit Extensions for (a) the repayment of obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement and expenses related thereto and (b) general corporate purposes (including Investments and Acquisitions not prohibited hereunder). 

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
    
  So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnity obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit (unless a replacement letter of credit or cash collateral reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer has been provided to such L/C Issuer) shall remain outstanding, each Credit Party shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: 
    
  7.01        [Reserved]  . 
    
  7.02        [Reserved]  . 
    
  7.03      Fundamental Changes  .  Merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate with or into another Person, except that, so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and subject to the proviso below, (a) a Credit Party may merge or consolidate with or into one or more other Credit Parties, (b) any Subsidiary (other than the Operating Partnership) may merge or consolidate with or into a Credit Party or another Subsidiary or may dissolve or liquidate, or (c) any other merger, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation that does not result in a Change of Control shall be permitted;   provided   that (i) if the Borrower or the Operating Partnership is a party to any merger or consolidation permitted under this   Section 7.03   it shall be the surviving entity and (ii) in no event shall the Borrower and the Operating Partnership be permitted to merge or consolidate with each other. 
    
  7.04      Restricted Payments  .  In the case of the Borrower, make any Restricted Payment if an Event of Default exists, except so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under   Section 8.01(a)   or would result therefrom, such Restricted Payment shall be permitted in an amount not to exceed the greater of (A) the amount which, when added to the amount of all other Restricted Payments paid by the Borrower in the same fiscal quarter and the preceding three  

fiscal quarters, would not exceed 95% of Funds From Operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the four consecutive fiscal quarters ending prior to the fiscal quarter in which such Restricted Payment is paid and (B) the minimum  amount  of  Restricted  Payments  required  (I) under  the  Code  to  maintain  and  preserve Borrower s REIT Status or (II) to avoid the payment of federal or state income or excise tax;   provided     however  , that if an Event of Default under   Section 8.01(a)   has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may only make Restricted Payments in the minimum amount necessary to comply with Section 857(a) of the Code and maintain the Borrower s REIT Status. 
  7.05      Change in Nature of Business  .  Make any material change in the principal nature of the business of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries, such business being the acquisition, ownership, management, development and renovation of real property and buildings for use as office, office/laboratory,  research,  health  sciences,  technology  or  manufacturing/warehouse  properties  and related real property (and appurtenant amenities). 
    
  7.06      Transactions with Affiliates  .  Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Credit Parties or their respective Subsidiaries other than (a) salary, bonus, employee stock option, relocation assistance and other compensation arrangements with directors or officers in the ordinary course of business, (b) transactions that are fully disclosed to the board of directors of the Borrower and expressly authorized by a resolution of the board of directors of the Borrower which is approved by a majority of the directors not having an interest in the transaction, (c) transactions permitted by this Agreement, (d) transactions between or among Credit Parties and Subsidiaries and (e) transactions on overall terms substantially as favorable to Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries as would be the case in an arm s length transaction between unrelated parties. 
    
  7.07      Burdensome Agreements  .  Enter into any agreement, instrument or transaction which prohibits any Credit Party s ability to pledge to Administrative Agent any Qualified Asset Pool Property. The Credit Parties, and their respective Subsidiaries, shall take such actions as are necessary to preserve the right and ability of the Credit Parties, and their respective Subsidiaries, to pledge to Administrative Agent for the benefit of Lenders the Qualified Asset Pool Properties without any such pledge after the date hereof causing or permitting the acceleration (after the giving of notice or the passage of time, or otherwise) of any other Indebtedness of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries. 
    
  7.08        [Reserved]  . 
    
  7.09        Financial Covenants  . 
    
  (a)    Permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to be less than 1.50:1.00. 
    
  (b)    (i) Subject to   clause (ii)   below, permit the Secured Debt Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to exceed 45.0%; or 
    
  (ii)       subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition, permit the Secured  Debt  Ratio, as of  the last day of the fiscal  quarter in  which such Material Acquisition occurs and as of the last day of each of the three consecutive fiscal quarters following such Material Acquisition, to exceed 50.0%. 
    
  (c)    (i)    Subject to   clause (ii)   below, permit the Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to exceed 60.0%; or 
    
  (ii)       subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition, permit the Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs and as of the last day of each of the three consecutive fiscal quarters following such Material Acquisition, to exceed 65.0%. 
    
  (d)    Permit the Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to be less than 1.50 to 1.00. 
  (e)    (i)    Subject to   clause (ii)   below, permit the Unsecured Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to exceed 60.0%; or 

(ii)       subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition, permit the Unsecured Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs and as of the last day of each of the three consecutive fiscal quarters following such Material Acquisition, to exceed 65.0%. 
    
  7.10      Sanctions  .   Knowingly directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity in violation of Sanctions, or in any Designated Jurisdiction in violation of Sanctions, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, Swing Line Lender, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 
    
  ARTICLE VIII 
    
  EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
    
  8.01        Events of Default  .  Any of the following shall constitute an    Event of Default   : 
    
  (a)          Non-Payment  .  Any Credit Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein, and in the currency required hereunder, any amount of principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation, or (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 
    
  (b)          Specific Covenants  .   Any Credit Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in   Article VII  ; or 
    
  (c)          Other Defaults  .  Any Credit Party or Subsidiary fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in   subsection (a)   or   (b)   above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 Business Days following written notice by Administrative Agent or, if such Default is not reasonably susceptible of cure within such period, within such longer period as is reasonably necessary to effect a cure so long as such Credit Party or such Subsidiary continues to diligently pursue cure of such Default but not in any event in excess of 60 Business Days; or 
    
  (d)          Representations and Warranties  .   Any representation or warranty by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries made in any Loan Document, or in any certificate or other writing delivered by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any Loan Document, proves to have been incorrect when made or reaffirmed in any respect that is materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders; or 
    
  (e)          Cross-Default  .   Any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries (i) fails to pay the principal, or any principal installment, of any Indebtedness (other than Non-Recourse Debt) of 
  $100,000,000 or more required on its part to be paid when due (or within any stated grace period), whether at the stated maturity, upon acceleration, by reason of required prepayment or otherwise or (ii) fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement on its part to 
  be performed or observed, or suffers any event of default to occur, in connection with any 
  Indebtedness (other than Non-Recourse Debt) of $100,000,000 or more, if as a result of such failure or sufferance any holder or holders thereof (or an agent or trustee on its or their behalf) has the right (after giving effect to any notice or grace periods applicable thereto) to declare such Indebtedness due before the date on which it otherwise would become due or the right (after giving effect to any notice or grace periods applicable thereto) to require a Credit Party or any such Subsidiary to redeem or purchase, or offer to redeem or purchase, all or any portion of such Indebtedness  (  provided,    that  for  the  purpose  of  this    subsection (e)  ,  the  principal  amount  of Indebtedness consisting of a Swap Contract shall be the amount which is then payable by the counterparty to close out the Swap Contract); or 

(f)          Insolvency Proceedings, Etc  .  Any Credit Party or any Subsidiary institutes or consents  to  the  institution  of  any  proceeding  under  any  Debtor  Relief  Law,  or  makes  an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 
    
  (g)          Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment  .   (i) Any Credit Party or any Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy; or 
    
  (h)          Judgments  .  There is entered against any Credit Party or any Subsidiary a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding $100,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), and (i) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order or (ii) such judgment or order shall continue unsatisfied and in effect for a period of 30 consecutive days without being vacated, discharged, satisfied or stayed or bonded pending appeal; or 
    
  (i)           ERISA  .     An  ERISA  Event  occurs  with  respect  to  a  Pension  Plan  or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the  Credit  Parties  or  their  Subsidiaries  under  Title IV  of  ERISA  to  the  Pension  Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the Credit Parties or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 
    
  (j)           Invalidity  of  Loan  Documents  .    Any  Loan  Document,  at  any  time  after  its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or relating to the satisfaction in full of all the Obligations (or cash collateralization in a manner reasonably satisfactory to each L/C Issuer with respect to outstanding Letters of Credit issued by it), ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Credit Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document; or any Credit Party denies that it has any 
  liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any 
  Loan Document (except as specifically contemplated hereunder or thereunder); or 
    
  (k)      Change of Control  . There occurs any Change of Control. 
    
  8.02      Remedies Upon Event of Default  .  If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, (i) Required Revolving Lenders with  respect  to    Sections  8.02(a)    and    (c)    below  and  (ii) the  Required  Lenders  with  respect  to   Sections 8.02(b)   and   (d)   below take any or all of the following actions: 
    
  (a)        declare the commitment of each Revolving Lender to make Revolving Loans, the Swing Line Lenders to make Swing Line Loans and any obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; 
    
  (b)        declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Credit Parties; 

(c)        require  that  the  Credit  Parties  Cash  Collateralize  the  L/C Obligations  (in  an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and 
    
  (d)        exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents; 
    
  provided,     however  , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any one or more of the Credit Parties under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to or for the account of such Credit Party shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrower to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
    
  8.03      Application of Funds  .  After the exercise of remedies provided for in   Section 8.02   (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to   Section 8.02  ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: 
    
  First  ,  to  payment  of  that  portion  of  the  Obligations  constituting  fees,  indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative  Agent  and  amounts  payable  under    Article III  )  payable  to  the  Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
    
  Second,   to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including  fees,  charges  and  disbursements  of  counsel  to  the  respective  Lenders  and  the L/C Issuers (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender 
  or any L/C Issuer) and amounts payable under   Article III  ), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause   Second   payable to them; 
    
  Third,   to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause   Third   payable to them; 
    
  Fourth,   to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans, L/C Borrowings and Obligations to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuers in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause   Fourth   held by them; and 
    
  Last  , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the Credit 
  Parties or as otherwise required by Law. 
    
  Subject to   Section 2.03(c)  , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to   clause Fourth   above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur.  If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. 
  ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
    
  9.01      Appointment  and  Authority  .     Each  of  the  Lenders  and  the  L/C Issuers  hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative  

Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, and, except as set forth in   Section 9.06  , neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.  It is understood and agreed that the use of the term  agent  herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
    
  9.02      Rights as a Lender  .  The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term  Lender  or  Lenders  shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity.  Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with a Credit Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.  The foregoing provisions of this   Section 9.02   shall likewise apply to the Person serving as an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender. 
  9.03      Exculpatory  Provisions  .    The  Administrative  Agent  shall  not  have  any  duties  or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 
    
  (a)        shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
    
  (b)        shall  not  have  any  duty  to  take  any  discretionary  action  or  exercise  any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents),   provided   that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law; including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 
    
  (c)        shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Credit Parties or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
    
  The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders or Required Revolving Lenders, as the case may be (or such other number, percentage or class of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent  shall  believe  in  good  faith  shall  be  necessary,  under  the  circumstances  as  provided  in   Sections 10.01   and   8.02)   or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment.   The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower, a Lender or an L/C Issuer. 
    
  The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default  or  Event  of  Default,  (iv) the  validity,  enforceability,  effectiveness  or  genuineness  of  this Agreement,  any  other  Loan  Document  or  any  other  agreement,  instrument  or  document  or  (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in   Article IV   or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered  

to the Administrative Agent. 
    
  9.04      Reliance by Administrative Agent  .  The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.  The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a 
    
  Lender or an L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit.    The  Administrative  Agent  may  consult  with  legal  counsel  (who  may  be  counsel  for  the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
    
  9.05      Delegation of Duties  .  The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties.  The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.   The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
    
  9.06      Successor Administrative Agent  .  (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Borrower.  The Required Lenders may remove the Administrative Agent from its capacity as Administrative Agent in the event of the Administrative Agent s willful misconduct or gross negligence or if the Person serving as the Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to   clause (d)   of the definition thereof.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation or the removal of the Administrative Agent as Administrative Agent hereunder, the Required Lenders shall have the right (with the consent of the Borrower   provided   there does not exist an Event of Default at such time), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States.  If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders (with the consent of the Borrower   provided   there does not exist an Event of Default at such time) and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation or the Required Lenders remove the Administrative Agent hereunder, then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf  of  the  Lenders  and  the  L/C Issuers,  appoint  a  successor  Administrative  Agent  meeting  the qualifications set forth above;   provided   that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice (the    Retirement Effective Date   ). 
    
  (b)        With effect from the Retirement Effective Date:  (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue  to  hold  such  collateral  security  until  such  time  as  a  successor  Administrative  Agent  is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each L/C Issuer directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section.  Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in   Section 3.01(f)   and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed  

Administrative Agent as of the Retirement Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or 
  removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor.  After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and   Section 10.04   shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including (A) acting as collateral agent or otherwise holding any collateral security on behalf of any of the Lenders and (B) in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
    
  (c)        Any resignation by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section shall also constitute its resignation as an L/C Issuer, a Swing Line Lender and an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender.  Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder,  (a) such  successor  shall  succeed  to  and  become  vested  with  all  of  the  rights,  powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, Swing Line Lender and Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, (b) the retiring L/C Issuer, Swing Line Lender and Alternative Currency Fronting Lender shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangement satisfactory to the retiring L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of the retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit and (d) the successor Alternative Currency Fronting Lender shall make arrangements with the resigning Alternative Currency Fronting Lender for the funding of all outstanding Alternative Currency Risk Participations applicable to Revolving Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency advanced by such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender. 
    
  9.07      Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders  .  Each Lender, each Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.  Each Lender, each Swing Line Lender and each L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
    
  9.08     No Other Duties, Etc  .  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Syndication Agents, the Documentation Agents or Arrangers listed on the cover page hereof or the Managing Agents or any additional titled agents which may be added thereto from time to time shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an L/C Issuer hereunder. 
    
  9.09      Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim  .   In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or  other judicial  proceeding  relative  to  any  Credit  Party,  the  Administrative  Agent  (irrespective  of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any 
  demand  on  the  Borrower) shall  be  entitled  and  empowered,  by intervention in  such  proceeding or otherwise: 
    
  (a)        to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, indemnification, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents  

and counsel and all other   amounts   due   the   Lenders,   the   L/C Issuers   and   the   Administrative   Agent   under   Sections 2.03(h)   and   (i)  ,   2.09   and   10.04)   allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
    
  (b)        to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders  and  the  L/C Issuers,  to  pay  to  the  Administrative  Agent  any  amount  due  for  the reasonable compensation, indemnification, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under   Sections 2.09   and   10.04  . 
    
  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or any L/C Issuer or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any L/C Issuer in any such proceeding. 
    
  9.10      Collateral and Borrower Matters  .   The Lenders, the Swing Line Lenders and the L/C Issuers irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion and the Administrative Agent hereby agrees: 
    
  (a)        to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations) and the expiration or termination of all Letters of Credit (unless cash collateralized or supported by a letter of credit of manner satisfactory to the applicable L/C Issuer), (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part  of  or  in  connection  with  any  sale  not  prohibited  hereunder  or  under  any  other  Loan Document, or (iii) subject to   Section 10.01,   if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders; and 
    
  (b)    to release a Guarantor (other than the Operating Partnership) from liability for the 
  Obligations in accordance with   Section 10.20. 
    
  Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property. 
    
  9.11      No Obligations of Credit Parties  .  Nothing contained in this   Article IX   shall be deemed to impose upon the Credit Parties any obligation in respect of the due and punctual performance by the Administrative Agent of its obligations to the Lenders under any provision of this Agreement, and the 
  Credit Parties shall have no liability to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders in respect of any failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to perform any of its obligations to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under this Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, where any provision of this Agreement relating to the payment of any amounts due and owing under the Loan Documents provides that such payments shall be made by the Credit Parties to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, the Credit Parties  obligations to the Lenders in respect of such payments shall be deemed to be satisfied upon the making of such payments to the Administrative Agent in the manner provided by this Agreement. 
    
  ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
    
  10.01    Amendments, Etc  .  No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Credit Parties therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the written concurrence of the Required Lenders) and the Credit Parties, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given;   provided,     however  , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 

(a)        waive any condition set forth in   Section 4.01(a)   without the written consent of each Lender; 
    
  (b)        extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to   Section 8.02  ) without the written consent of such Lender (subject to   Sections 2.14   and   2.15  ); 
    
  (c)        postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal or payment of interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (subject to   Section 2.14)  ; 
    
  (d)        reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to   clause (iv)      of the second proviso to this   Section 10.01)   any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of  each  Lender  directly  affected  thereby;    provided  ,    however  ,  that  only  the  consent  of  the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of  Default Rate  or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate or Letter of Credit Fees (subject to   clause (i)   of the second proviso to this   Section 10.01)   at the Default Rate; 
    
  (e)        change   Section 2.13   or   Section 8.03   in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender (subject to   Section 2.17)  ; 
    
  (f)         change any provision of this Section or any percentage specified in the definition of  Required Lenders  or  Required Revolving Lenders  or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (subject to   Section 2.17)  ; or 
  (g)    release  (i) the  Borrower  or  (ii) the  Operating  Partnership,  as  a  Credit  Party hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; 
    
  and,   provided     further  , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the applicable L/C Issuer in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of such L/C Issuer under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the applicable Swing Line Lender in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of such Swing Line Lender under this Agreement; (iii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (iv) a Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto; and (v) so long as the Revolving Commitments remain outstanding, no amendment, waiver or consent which has the effect of enabling the Borrower to satisfy any condition to a Committed Borrowing contained in   Section 4.02   hereof, which, but for such amendment, waiver or consent would not be satisfied, shall be effective to require the Revolving Lenders to make any additional Revolving Loan unless and until the Required Revolving Lenders shall consent thereto. 
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with  the  consent  of  the  applicable  Lenders  other  than  Defaulting  Lenders),  except  that  (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender (subject to   Section 2.14   and   2.15)   and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (ii) the Administrative Agent, with the consent of the Borrower, may amend, modify or supplement any Loan Document (other than any provision of this Section) without the consent of any Lender or the Required Lenders in order to correct, amend or cure any ambiguity, inconsistency or defect or correct any typographical error or other manifest error in any Loan Document;   provided   that the Administrative Agent shall promptly give the Lenders notice of any such amendment, modification or supplement. 
    
  10.02        Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication  . 

(a)          Notices Generally  .   Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in   subsection (b)   below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
    
  (i)         if to a Credit Party, the Administrative Agent, an L/C Issuer, a Swing Line Lender or and an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on   Schedule 10.02   and 
    
  (ii)    if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
    
  Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have 
  been received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been  given  at the opening of  business  on the  next business day for  the recipient).   Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in   subsection (b)   below, shall be effective as provided in such   subsection (b)  . 
    
  (b)          Electronic Communications  .  Notices and other communications to the Lenders and  the  L/C Issuers  hereunder  may  be  delivered  or  furnished  by  electronic  communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent,   provided   that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any  Lender  or  any  L/C Issuer  pursuant  to    Article II    if  such  Lender  or  such  L/C Issuer,  as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication.  The Administrative Agent or a Credit Party may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to such Person(s) hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by such Person(s),   provided   that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
    
  Unless   the   Administrative   Agent   otherwise   prescribes,   (i) notices   and   other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the  return receipt requested  function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement),   provided   that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail  address  as  described  in  the  foregoing    clause (i)   of  notification  that  such  notice  or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
    
  (c)        The Platform  .   THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED  AS IS  AND  AS AVAILABLE.   THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS.   NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON- INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM.  In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the    Agent Parties   ) have any liability to the Credit Parties, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Credit Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages,  

liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party;   provided,     however  , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Credit Party, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
    
  (d)          Change of Address, Etc  .  Each of the Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and each Swing Line Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone 
  number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Swing Line Lenders.  In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. 
    
  (e)          Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuers and Lenders  .  The Administrative Agent,  the  L/C Issuers  and  the  Lenders  shall  be  entitled  to  rely  and  act  upon  any  notices (including telephonic Committed Loan Notices and Swing Line Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Credit Parties even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof.   The Credit Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Credit Parties except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, any Lender or any Related Party.  All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
    
  Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  herein  or  in  any  other  Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Credit Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with   Section 8.02   for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuers;   provided,     however  , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as an L/C Issuer or Swing Line Lender, as the case may be) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with   Section 10.08   (subject to the terms of   Section 2.13)  , or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Credit Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and   provided,     further  , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to   Section 8.02   and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in   clauses (b)  ,   (c)   and   (d)   of the preceding proviso and subject to   Section 2.13,   any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
    
  10.03    No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies  .  No failure by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.  The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided and provided under each other Loan Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
  10.04        Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver  . 
    
  (a)          Costs  and  Expenses  .     The  Credit  Parties  shall  pay  (i) all  reasonable  and documented out of  

pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent (limited to one counsel, and, if applicable, one local counsel in each material jurisdiction)), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or   thereof   (whether   or   not   the   transactions   contemplated   hereby   or   thereby   shall   be consummated),  (ii) all  reasonable  out  of  pocket  expenses  incurred  by  each  L/C Issuer  in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit issued by it or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Alternative Currency Fronting Lender or any L/C Issuer (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section,  or  (B) in  connection  with  the  Loans  made  or  Letters  of  Credit  issued  hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
    
  (b)         Indemnification by the Credit Parties  .  The Credit Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an    Indemnitee   ) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Credit Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by an  L/C Issuer to honor  a demand  for payment  under a  Letter  of  Credit issued  by it  if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Credit Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto,    IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE  ;   provided   that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by any Credit Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if such Credit Party has obtained a final and non- appealable  judgment  in  its  favor  on  such  claim  as  determined  by  a  court  of  competent 
  jurisdiction. This   Section 10.04(b)   shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
    
  (c)          Reimbursement by Lenders  .  To the extent that the Credit Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under   subsection (a)   or   (b)   of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), any L/C Issuer, any Swing Line Lender or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, and without limiting the obligation of the Credit Parties to do so, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer, such Swing Line Lender or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount,   provided   that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer or such Swing Line Lender in its capacity as such, or against any  

Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer or such Swing Line Lender in connection with such capacity.   The obligations of the Lenders under this   subsection (c)   are subject to the provisions of   Section 2.12(d)  . 
    
  (d)          Waiver  of  Consequential  Damages,  Etc  .    To  the  fullest  extent  permitted  by applicable law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee and any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof.  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein with respect to the waiver by the Indemnitees of claims for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages), such waiver by the Indemnitees shall not affect the indemnification  obligations  of  the  Credit  Parties  under  this    Section 10.04.      No  Indemnitee referred to in   subsection (b)   above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby except to the extent of actual or direct damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Indemnitee as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment. 
    
  (e)          Payments  .   All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor (accompanied by reasonable back-up documentation). 
    
  (f)           Survival  .   The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, any Swing Line Lender, any Alternative Currency Fronting Lender and any L/C Issuer, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
    
  10.05    Payments Set Aside  .   To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Credit Parties is made to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the 
  obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent,   plus   interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment.   The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under   clause (b)   of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
    
  10.06        Successors and Assigns  . 
    
  (a)          Successors and Assigns Generally  .   The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that none of the Credit Parties may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of   subsection (b)   of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of   subsection (d)   of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment, or grant of a security interest, subject to the restrictions of   subsection (f)   of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in   subsection (d)    of  

this  Section and,  to  the  extent  expressly contemplated  hereby,  the  Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
    
  (b)          Assignments by Lenders  .  Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans (including for purposes of this   subsection (b)  , participations  in  L/C Obligations,  in  Swing  Line  Loans  and  in  Alternative  Currency  Risk Participations) at the time owing to it);   provided   that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
    
  (i)      Minimum Amounts  . 
    
  (A)       in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 
    
  (B)       in any case not described in   subsection (b)(i)(A)   of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if    Trade     Date    is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents  (each  such  consent  not  to  be  unreasonably  withheld  or  delayed); 
    
  provided,      however  ,  that  concurrent  assignments  to  members  of  an  Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single assignee (or to an assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated  as  a  single  assignment  for  purposes  of  determining  whether  such minimum amount has been met; 
    
  (ii)         Proportionate Amounts  .  Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, except that this   clause (ii)   shall not apply to rights in respect of the Swing Line Lenders  rights and obligations in respect of Swing Line Loans; 
    
  (iii)         Required Consents  .   No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by   subsection (b)(i)(B)   of this Section and, in addition: 
    
  (A)       the   consent   of   the   Borrower   (such   consent   not   to   be unreasonably  withheld  or  delayed)  shall  be  required  unless  (1)  an  Event  of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment  is  to  a  Lender,  an  Affiliate  of  a  Lender  or  an  Approved  Fund;   provided   that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after having received notice thereof; 
    
  (B)       the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender; 
    
  (C)       the  consent  of  each  L/C Issuer  shall  be  required  for  any assignment of a Commitment; 

(D)       the consent of each Swing Line Lender of a Commitment shall be required for any assignment of a Commitment; and 
    
  (E)       the consent of an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender shall be required for any assignment of a Commitment. 
    
  (iv)         Assignment  and  Assumption.      The  parties  to  each  assignment  shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount $3,500;   provided,     however  , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment.  The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
    
  (v)          No Assignment to Certain Persons  .  No such assignment shall be made (A) to a Credit Party or any of the Credit Parties  Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) in the case of any assignment of Commitments or Loans by any Revolving Lender, to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this   clause (B)  , or (C) to a natural Person (or to a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person). 
  (vi)         Certain Additional Payments  .   In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may  be  outright  payment,  purchases  by  the  assignee  of  participations  or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swing Line Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.  Notwithstanding the  foregoing,  in  the  event  that  any  assignment  of  rights  and  obligations  of  any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
    
  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to   subsection (c)   of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of   Sections 3.01,     3.04,     3.05  , and 
  10.04   with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment.   Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note, as applicable,  to  the  assignee  Lender.    Any  assignment  or  transfer  by  a  Lender  of  rights  or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with   subsection (d)   of this Section. 
    
  (c)          Register  .  The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of, and interest owing on, the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the    Register   ).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive (absent manifest error),  

and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.   In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender.  The Register shall be available for inspection by each of the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
  (d)          Participations  .  Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, but with, subject to the proviso to the fourth sentence of the immediately succeeding paragraph, prior written notice to, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or a Credit Party or any of the Credit Parties  Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a    Participant   ) in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L/C Obligations, Swing Line Loans and/or Alternative Currency Risk Participations) owing to it);   provided   that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties  hereto  for  the  performance  of  such  obligations  and  (iii) the  Credit  Parties,  the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. 
    
  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;   provided   that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to   Section 10.01   that affects such Participant.  Subject to   subsection (e)   of this Section, the Credit Parties agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of   Sections 3.01,     3.04   and   3.05   to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to   subsection (b)   of this Section (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under   Section 3.01(e)  ).  To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of   Section 10.08   as though it were a Lender,   provided   such Participant agrees  to  be  subject  to    Section 2.13    as  though  it  were  a  Lender.  Each  Lender  that  sells  a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the    Participant Register      provided   that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
    
  (e)          Limitations upon Participant Rights  .  A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under   Sections 3.01   or   3.04   than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent.  A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of   Section 3.01   unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with   Section 3.01(e)   as though it were a Lender. 
    
  (f)           Certain Pledges  .   Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign, or grant a security interest in, all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, 
  if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment, or grant of a security interest, to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or to another central bank;   provided   that no such pledge or assignment, or grant of a security interest, shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such  

pledgee or assignee or grantee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
    
  (g)        Electronic Execution of Assignments  .   The words  execution,   signed,   signature,  and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
    
  (h)         Special Purpose Funding Vehicles  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Revolving Lender (a    Granting Lender   ) may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (an    SPC   ) the option to provide all or any part of any Committed Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make pursuant to this Agreement;   provided   that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to fund any Committed Loan, and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to make all or any part of such Committed Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Committed Loan pursuant to the terms hereof or, if it fails to do so, to make such payment to the Administrative Agent as is required under   Section 2.12(b)(ii)  .   Each party hereto hereby agrees that (i) neither the grant to any SPC nor the exercise by any SPC of such option shall increase the costs or expenses or otherwise increase or change the obligations of the Credit Parties under this Agreement (including its obligations under   Section 3.01   or   3.04)  , (ii) no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement for which a Lender  would  be  liable,  and  (iii) the  Granting  Lender  shall  for  all  purposes,  including  the approval  of  any  amendment,  waiver  or  other  modification  of  any  provision  of  any  Loan Document, remain the lender of record hereunder.  The making of a Committed Loan by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Committed Loan were made by such Granting Lender.   In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior debt of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other Person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, or   liquidation   proceeding   under   the   laws   of   the   United   States   or   any   State   thereof Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without prior consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and with the payment of a processing fee of $3,500, assign all or any portion of its right to receive payment with respect to any  Committed  Loan  to  the  Granting  Lender  and  (ii) disclose  on  a  confidential  basis  any non-public information relating to its funding of Committed Loans to any rating agency, commercial  paper  dealer  or  provider  of  any  surety  or  Guarantee  or  credit  or  liquidity enhancement to such SPC. 
    
  (i)           Resignation as L/C Issuer, Swing Line Lender or Alternative Currency Fronting     Lender after Assignment  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America, JPM and/or Citi, as the case may be, assigns all of its Revolving Commitment and Loans pursuant to   subsection (b)   above, Bank of America, JPM and/or Citi, as the case may be, may, (i) upon 30 days  notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer and/or (ii) upon 30 days  notice to the Borrower, resign as a Swing Line Lender and/or (iii) upon 30 days  notice to the Borrower, resign as an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender.  In the event of any such resignation as L/C Issuer, Swing Line Lender or Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, the Borrower shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders (with the applicable Lender s consent) a successor L/C Issuer, Swing Line Lender or Alternative Currency Fronting Lender hereunder;   provided,     however  , that no failure by the Borrower to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America, JPM and/or Citi, as the case may be, as an L/C Issuer, a Swing Line Lender or an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, as the case may be.  If Bank of America, JPM and/or Citi, as the case may be, resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Revolving Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to   Section 
  2.03(c)  ).   If Bank of America, JPM and/or Citi, as the case may be, resigns as a Swing Line Lender, it shall retain all the rights of a Swing Line Lender provided for hereunder with respect to Swing Line Loans made by it and  

outstanding as of the effective date of such resignation, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Revolving Loans or fund risk participations in such outstanding Swing Line Loans pursuant to   Section 2.04(c)  .   If Bank of America, JPM and/or Citi, as the case may be, resigns as an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, it shall retain all the rights and obligations of an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender hereunder with respect to all Alternative Currency Risk Participations outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender (including the right to require Alternative Currency Participating Lenders to fund any Alternative Currency Risk Participations therein in the manner provided in   Section 2.02(f)  ).  Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer and/or Swing Line Lender and/or Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and  duties  of  the  retiring  L/C Issuer,  Swing  Line  Lender  or  Alternative  Currency  Fronting Lender, as the case may be, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America, JPM and/or Citi, as the case may be, with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
    
  10.07    Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality  . 
    
  (a)          Confidentiality  .   Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (each, a    Lender     Party   ) hereby agrees for itself, for the Swing Line Lenders and for the L/C Issuers only that, except as specifically set forth herein, (i) such Lender Party shall not participate in or generate any press release or other release of information to the general public relating to the closing of the Loan without the prior written consent of the Borrower, (ii) such Lender Party shall hold the Confidential  Information  in  accordance  with  such  Lender  Party s  customary  procedures  to prevent the misuse or disclosure of confidential information of this nature and in accordance with safe and sound banking practices, (iii) such Lender Party shall use the Confidential Information solely for the purposes of underwriting the Loan or acquiring an interest therein, carrying out such  Lender  Party s  rights  or  obligations  under  this  Agreement,  in  connection  with  the syndication of the Loan, the enforcement of the Loan Documents, or other internal examination, supervision or oversight of the transactions contemplated hereby as reasonably determined by such Lender Party, or as otherwise permitted by the terms of this   Section 10.07   (collectively,    Permitted Purposes   ), and (iv) not disclose the Confidential Information to any party, except as expressly authorized in this Agreement or with prior written consent of the Borrower.   Each Lender Party shall promptly notify the Borrower in the event that it becomes aware of any loss or 
  unauthorized disclosure of any Confidential Information.  In addition, each Lender Party may disclose the existence of this Agreement and furnish a copy of the cover page of this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Lender Parties in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 
    
  Each Lender Party shall not have any obligations under this Agreement with respect to a specific portion of the Confidential Information if such Lender Party can demonstrate that such Confidential Information (i) was publicly available at the time it was disclosed to such Lender Party, (ii) became publicly available subsequent to the time it was disclosed to such Lender Party, (iii) was in or comes into a Lender Party s possession from a source not known to such Lender Party (after reasonable inquiry) to be in breach of an obligation of confidentiality owed to the Borrower in making such disclosure to such Lender Party, (iv) was in or comes into Lender Party s possession free of any obligation of confidence owed to the Borrower at the time it was disclosed to them, or (v) was developed by the employees or agents of the Lender Party without the use of the Confidential Information. 
    
  (b)          Disclosures  .  Any Lender Party or its legal counsel may disclose the Confidential Information  (i) to  the  Borrower,  other  Lenders,  the  Administrative  Agent  or  any  of  their respective legal counsel, (ii) to its auditors in connection with bank audits or regulatory officials having jurisdiction over such Lender Party, (iii) to its legal counsel who need to know the Confidential Information for the purposes of representing or advising the Lender Parties, (iv) with prior written notice to the Chief Executive Officer of the Borrower, to its consultants, agents and advisors retained in good faith by such Lender Party with a need to know such information in connection with a Permitted Purpose, (v) as required by Law or legal process (subject to the terms below), or in connection with any legal proceeding in connection with the Loan Documents, or to the extent necessary or desirable to establish, enforce or assert any claims or defenses in connection with any legal proceeding by or against such Lender Party, (vi) to  

another potential Lender or participant in connection with a disposition or proposed disposition to that Person of all or part of that Lender Party s interests hereunder or a participation interest in its Notes, and (vii) to its directors, officers, employees and affiliates that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with such Lender Party or its parent or otherwise within the corporate umbrella of such Lender Party who need to know the confidential information for purposes of underwriting the Loan or becoming a party to this Agreement, the syndication of the Loan, the administration, interpretation, performance or exercise of rights under the Loan Documents, the enforcement of the Loan Documents, or other internal supervision, examination or oversight of the transactions contemplated hereby as reasonably determined by such Lender Party,   provided   that any Person to whom any of the Confidential Information is disclosed is informed by such Lender Party of the strictly  confidential  nature  of  the  Confidential  Information,  and  such  Persons  described  in   clauses (b)(iv)      and   (vi)   shall agree in writing to be bound by confidentiality restrictions at least as restrictive as those contained herein.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Lender Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent such Lender Party is requested or required by any Law or any order of any court, governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory body or other legal process to make any disclosure of or about any of the Confidential Information.  In such event (except with respect to banking regulators or auditors), such Lender Party shall, if permitted by law, promptly notify the Borrower in writing so that the Borrower may seek an appropriate protective order or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement (  provided   that if a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder has not been obtained, or if prior notice is not possible, and a Lender Party is, in the opinion of its counsel, compelled to disclose Confidential Information, such Lender Party may disclose that portion of the Confidential Information which its counsel advises it that such Lender Party is compelled to disclose, and   provided     further   that in any event, 
  such Lender Party will not oppose action by the Borrower to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information).  Each Lender Party shall be liable (but only to the extent it is finally determined to have breached the provisions of this   Section 10.07(b)  ) for any actions by such Lender Party (but not any other Person) which are not in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 10.07(b)  . 
    
  (c)          No Rights in Confidential Information.     The Administrative Agent and each Lender recognizes and agrees that nothing contained in this   Section 10.07   shall be construed as granting any property rights, by license or otherwise, to any Confidential Information (other than the Agreement or any amendments thereto or any related agreements), or to any invention or any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right that has issued or that may issue, based on such Confidential Information (other than the Agreement or any amendments thereto or any related agreements).  No Lender Party shall make, have made, use or sell for any purpose any product or other item using, incorporating or derived from any such Confidential Information;   provided   that the foregoing shall not limit or restrict in any way the creation, use or sale of banking or related services by any Lender Party. 
    
  (d)          Survival  .  All Confidential Information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower during the term of this Agreement or any predecessor agreements shall remain confidential indefinitely and shall continue to receive that level of confidential treatment customarily provided by commercial banks dealing with confidential information of their borrower customers, subject, however, to the specific exceptions to confidential treatment provided herein.   For a period of one year after the Termination Date, the affected Lender Party shall continue to make reasonable inquiry of any third party providing Confidential Information as to whether such third party is subject to an obligation of confidentiality owed to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and if such Lender Party obtains knowledge that such third party is violating a confidentiality agreement with the Borrower, such Lender Party shall treat the Confidential Information received from such third party  as  strictly  confidential  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  this    Section 10.07.      For purposes of this   Section 10.07(d)  , the Termination Date shall mean the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or, with respect to a specific Lender Party, the date such Person no longer holds an interest in any Loan. 
    
  (e)          Injunctive  Relief  .     Each  Lender  Party  hereby  agrees  that  breach  of  this   Section 10.07   will cause the Borrower irreparable damage for which recovery of damages would be inadequate, and that the Borrower shall therefore be entitled to obtain timely injunctive relief under this Agreement, as well as such further relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(f)           No Fiduciary Duty  .  Nothing in this Section shall be construed to create or give rise to any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to a Credit Party. 
    
  (g)          Separate Action.     Each Credit Party covenants and agrees not to, and hereby expressly waives any right to, raise as a defense, affirmative defense, set off, recoupment or otherwise against any Lender Party any claim arising from or relating to an alleged breach of this   Section 10.07   in any action, claim or proceeding relating to a breach of the Loan Documents by the Credit Parties or other action to enforce or recover the Obligations, and covenant and agree that any claim against a Lender Party arising from or relating to an alleged breach of this   Section 10.07   by a Lender Party shall only be asserted as an affirmative claim in a separate action against the applicable Lender Party. 
    
  10.08    Right of Setoff  .   If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, such L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of a Credit Party against any and all of the obligations of the Credit Parties now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Credit Parties may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or such L/C Issuer different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness;   provided,   that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff hereunder, (x) all  amounts  so  set  off  shall  be  paid  over  immediately  to  the  Administrative  Agent  for  further application  in  accordance with  the  provisions  of    Section 2.17    and,  pending such  payment,  shall  be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative  Agent  a  statement  describing  in  reasonable  detail  the  Obligations  owing  to  such Defaulting Lender  as  to which  it  exercised  such right  of  setoff.   The rights  of  each  Lender,  each L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each  Lender  and  each  L/C Issuer agrees to notify the  Credit Parties and the Administrative  Agent promptly after any such setoff and application,   provided   that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
    
  10.09    Interest Rate Limitation  .   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the    Maximum Rate   ).  If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Credit Parties.  In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
    
  10.10  Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness  .   This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.  Except as provided in   Section 4.01,   this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy  or other electronic imaging transmission (e.g. pdf by email) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
    
  10.11    Survival of Representations and Warranties  .  All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall  

survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof.   Such 
  representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding. 
    
  10.12    Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be  illegal,  invalid  or  unenforceable,  (a) the  legality,  validity  and  enforceability  of  the  remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.  The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.  Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this   Section 10.12,   if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, the applicable L/C Issuer or the applicable Swing Line Lender, as the case may be, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
    
  10.13    Replacement of Lenders  .  If (a) any Lender requests compensation under   Section 3.04,   (b) any Credit Party is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to   Section 3.01,   (c) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (d) any Lender refuses to consent to an amendment, modification or waiver of this Agreement that, pursuant to   Section 10.01,   (i) requires the consent of 100% of the Lenders and the consent of the Required Lenders has been obtained or (ii) requires the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, or (e) any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Credit Parties the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Credit Parties may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative  Agent,  require  such  Lender  (a     Departing  Lender   )  to  assign  and  delegate,  without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by,   Section 10.06   except as provided in this   Section 10.13)  , all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee (a    Replacement Lender   ) that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment),   provided   that: 
    
  (A)    the Administrative Agent shall have received payment of the assignment fee specified in   Section 10.06(b)  ; 
    
  (B)       such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal  of  its  Loans,  funded  Alternative  Currency  Risk  Participations  and  L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under   Sections 3.04,     3.05   and   10.04)   from the assignee  (to  the  extent  of  such  outstanding  principal  and  accrued  interest  and  fees)  or  the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
    
  (C)       in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under   Section 3.04   or payments required to be made pursuant to   Section 3.01,   such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and 
    
  (D)    such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws. 
  A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Credit Parties to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.  Each Departing Lender required to make an assignment pursuant to this   Section 10.13   shall promptly execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with the applicable Replacement Lender.   If such Departing Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Assumption and/or any other documentation reasonably necessary to reflect such replacement within a period of time deemed reasonable by the Administrative Agent after the later of (i) the date on which the Replacement Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation and (ii) the date on which the Departing Lender receives all payments described in   clause (B)   of this   Section 10.13,   then such Departing Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Assumption and/ 

or such other documentation as of such date and the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation on behalf of such Departing Lender. 
    
  10.14        Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc  . 
    
  (a)          GOVERNING  LAW  .    THIS  AGREEMENT  SHALL  BE  GOVERNED  BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
    
  (b)         SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  .   EACH OF THE CREDIT PARTIES IRREVOCABLY  AND  UNCONDITIONALLY  SUBMITS,  FOR  ITSELF  AND  ITS PROPERTY,  TO  THE  NON-EXCLUSIVE  JURISDICTION  OF  THE  COURTS  OF  THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD  AND  DETERMINED  IN  SUCH  NEW  YORK  STATE  COURT  OR,  TO  THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW.  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR THE L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY CREDIT PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
    
  (c)          WAIVER OF VENUE  .  EACH OF THE CREDIT PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING  TO  THIS  AGREEMENT  OR  ANY  OTHER  LOAN  DOCUMENT  IN  ANY COURT  REFERRED  TO  IN    PARAGRAPH (b)    OF  THIS  SECTION.     EACH  OF  THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
    
  (d)        SERVICE OF PROCESS  .    EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN   SECTION 10.02.    NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
    
  10.15  WAIVER  OF  JURY  TRIAL  .         EACH  PARTY  HERETO  HEREBY IRREVOCABLY  WAIVES,  TO  THE  FULLEST  EXTENT  PERMITTED  BY  APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH   PARTY   HERETO   (A) CERTIFIES   THAT   NO   REPRESENTATIVE,   AGENT   OR ATTORNEY  OF  ANY  OTHER  PERSON  HAS  REPRESENTED,  EXPRESSLY  OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION  . 
    
  10.16    USA PATRIOT Act Notice  .   Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the  

Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the    Act   ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act.   The Borrower shall, following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, promptly provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent  or  such  Lender  reasonably  requests  in  order  to  comply  with  its  ongoing  obligations  under applicable  know your customer  and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 
    
  10.17        [Reserved]  . 
    
  10.18        [Reserved]  . 
    
  10.19  ENTIRE AGREEMENT  .     THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES.  THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 
    
  10.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
    
  (a)        the  application  of  any  Write-Down  and  Conversion  Powers  by  an  EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 
           (b) 
    the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable;  
              (i) 
    a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
     (ii)       a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
    
  (iii)       the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
    
  10.21        Release of a Guarantor  . 
    
  (a)        Notwithstanding  anything  to  the  contrary  contained  in  this  Agreement,  the Borrower may (i) sell, assign, transfer or dispose of its interest in a Guarantor (other than the Operating Partnership) that is a Subsidiary of the Borrower or (ii) request that any Guarantor (other  than  the  Operating  Partnership)  be  released  from  its  obligations  under  the  Loan Documents;    provided,      that  ,  immediately  before  the  earlier  of  (A) the  closing  of  such  sale, assignment,  transfer  or  disposition  and  (B) the  effectiveness  of  such  requested  release,  the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certification, together with such other evidence as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, that no Event of Default shall be continuing at the time of the closing of such sale, assignment, transfer or disposition or of the effectiveness of such release, as the case may be, other than an Event of Default that would be cured by virtue of the occurrence of such sale, assignment, transfer, disposition or release.  The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of any such sale, assignment, transfer, disposition or release pursuant hereto. 

(b)        Upon a sale, assignment, transfer, disposition or request for release in accordance with   subsection (a)   above, the Administrative Agent shall, at the expense of the Borrower, take such action as is reasonably appropriate to effect such release. 
    
  10.22   No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility  .   In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the Credit Parties acknowledge and agree, and acknowledge their Subsidiaries  understanding, that: (i) the credit facilities provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arm s-length commercial transaction between the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, and the Credit Parties are capable of evaluating and understanding and understand and accept the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof); (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, each of the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and each Lender, is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person; (iii) none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Credit Parties  with respect  to  any of  the  transactions  contemplated  hereby or the  process  leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has advised or is currently advising the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates on other matters) and none of 
  the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has any obligation to the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; (iv) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and the Credit Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate.  Each of the Credit Parties hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
    
  10.23   Judgment Currency  .  If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given.  The obligation of each Credit Party in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the    Judgment Currency   ) other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the    Agreement Currency   ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency.  If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Credit Party in the Agreement Currency, such Credit Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss.   If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to such Credit Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 
    
  10.24    Alternative Currency Fronting Lenders; Fronting Commitments  .  At any time after the Closing Date, the Borrower may make a request to the Administrative Agent that any existing Revolving Lender act as an additional Alternative Currency Fronting Lender.  Upon the Administrative Agent s approval that such Revolving Lender may act as  

an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify such Revolving Lender of such request.  Upon the agreement by the applicable Revolving Lender to act as an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, such Revolving Lender shall become an Alternative Currency Fronting Lender hereunder with a Fronting Commitment in an amount agreed to by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower of such additional Alternative Currency Fronting Lender and such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender s Fronting Commitment. In addition, any Alternative Currency Fronting Lender may from time to time increase or decrease its Fronting Commitment pursuant to a written agreement executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and such Alternative Currency Fronting Lender. 
    
  ARTICLE XI 
    
  GUARANTY 
    
  11.01   The Guaranty  .  Each of the Guarantors hereby jointly and severally, absolutely and unconditionally guarantees to each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each other holder of the Obligations as hereinafter provided, as primary obligor and not as surety, the prompt payment of the Obligations in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise) strictly in accordance with the terms thereof.   The Guarantors hereby further agree that if any of the Obligations are not paid in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise), the Guarantors will, jointly and severally, promptly pay the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. 
    
  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any other of the Loan Documents or the other documents relating to the Obligations, the obligations of each Guarantor under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not exceed an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render such obligations subject to avoidance under applicable Debtor Relief Laws. 
    
  11.02    Obligations Unconditional  .  The obligations of the Guarantors under   Section 11.01   are joint and several, absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating to the Obligations, or any substitution, release, impairment or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Obligations,  and,  to  the  fullest  extent  permitted  by  applicable  Laws,  irrespective  of  any  other circumstance whatsoever which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor (other than payment in full of the Obligations), it being the intent of this   Section 11.02   that the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances.  Each Guarantor agrees that such Guarantor shall have no right of subrogation, indemnity, reimbursement or contribution against the Borrower or any other Guarantor for amounts paid under this   Article XI   until such time as the Obligations (other than contingent indemnity obligations) have been paid in  full  and  the  Commitments  have  expired  or  terminated.    Without  limiting  the  generality  of  the foregoing, it is agreed that, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of any Guarantor hereunder, which shall remain absolute and unconditional as described above: 
    
  (a)        at any time or from time to time, without notice to any Guarantor, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; 
    
  (b)        any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating to the Obligations shall be done or omitted; 
    
  (c)        the  maturity  of  any  of  the  Obligations  shall  be  accelerated,  or  any  of  the Obligations shall be modified, supplemented or amended in any respect, or any right under any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating to the Obligations shall be waived or any other guarantee of any of the Obligations or any security therefor shall be released, impaired or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; 

(d)        any Lien granted to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any other holder of the Obligations as security for any of the Obligations shall fail to attach or be perfected; or 
    
  (e)        any of the Obligations shall be determined to be void or voidable (including, without limitation, for the benefit of any creditor of any Guarantor) or shall be subordinated to the claims of any Person (including, without limitation, any creditor of any Guarantor). 
    
  With respect to its obligations hereunder, each Guarantor hereby expressly waives, to the extent permitted by Law, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, acceptance hereof, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any other holder of the Obligations exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against any Person under any of the Loan Documents or any other document relating to the Obligations, or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Obligations. 
    
  11.03    Reinstatement  .    The  obligations  of  the  Guarantors  under  this    Article XI    shall  be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of any Person in respect of the Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Obligations, whether as a result of any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, and each Guarantor agrees that it will indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each other holder of the Obligations on demand for all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such other holder of the Obligations in connection with such rescission or restoration, including any such costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any Debtor Relief Law. 
    
  11.04    Certain Additional Waivers  .  Each Guarantor agrees that such Guarantor shall have no right of recourse to security for the Obligations, except through the exercise of rights of subrogation pursuant to   Section 11.02   and through the exercise of rights of contribution pursuant to   Section 11.06. 
    
  11.05    Remedies  .  The Guarantors agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other holders of the Obligations, on the other hand, the Obligations may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as specified in   Section 8.02   (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances  specified  in    Section 8.02)    for  purposes  of    Section 11.01    notwithstanding  any  stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or preventing the Obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against any other Person and that, in the event of such declaration (or the Obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), the Obligations (whether or not due and payable by any other Person) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of   Section 11.01. 
    
  11.06    Rights of Contribution  .   The Guarantors agree among themselves that, in connection with  payments  made  hereunder,  each  Guarantor  shall  have  contribution  rights  against  the  other Guarantors as permitted under applicable Laws.  Such contribution rights shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment to the obligations of such Guarantors under the Loan Documents and no Guarantor shall exercise such rights of contribution until all Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have terminated. 
    
  11.07    Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee  .  The guarantee in this   Article XI   is a guaranty of payment and not of collection, is a continuing guarantee, and shall apply to all Obligations whenever arising. 
    
  11.08     Additional Guarantors  .  The Borrower may at any time and from time to time, upon written request to the Administrative Agent, cause a Domestic Subsidiary that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary to become a Guarantor under this Agreement by (a) executing a Joinder Agreement and (b) delivering  such  other  documentation  as  the  Administrative  Agent  may  reasonably  request  in connection therewith, including, without limitation, certified resolutions and other organizational and customary authorizing documents of such Person, all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers of the day and year first above written. 
    
                 BORROWER: 
    ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.  , a Maryland corporation 
        
    /s/ Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Senior Vice President 
        
    RE Legal Affairs 

GUARANTOR: 
    ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P  ., a Delaware limited partnership  
        
    By: ARE-QRS Corp., a Maryland corporation, general partner  
        
    /s/ Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Senior Vice President 
        
    RE Legal Affairs 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: 
    BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
        
    /s/ Maurice Washington 
        
    Maurice Washington 
        
    Vice President  

LENDER, L/C ISSUER  
    BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 
      AND SWING LINE LENDER:  
    /s/ Helen Chan 
        
    Helen Chan 
        
    Vice President 

LENDER, L/C ISSUER 
    JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
      AND SWING LINE LENDER: 
    /s/ Jaime Gitler 
        
    Jamie Gitler  
        
    Vice President 

LENDER, L/C ISSUER 
    CITIBANK, N.A. 
      AND SWING LINE LENDER: 
    /s/ David Bouton 
        
    David Bouton 
        
    Vice President 

LENDER:  
    THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA  
        
    /s/ Chad Hale 
        
    Chad Hale 
        
    Director   Execution Head, REGAL  

LENDER: 
    Barclays Bank, PLC 
        
    /s/ Ronnie Glenn 
        
    Ronnie Glenn 
        
    Vice President  

LENDER: 
    CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
        
    /s/ Frederick H. Denecke 
        
    Frederick H. Denecke 
        
    Senior Vice President 

LENDER: 
    COMPASS BANK 
        
    /s/ Brian Tuerff 
        
    Brian Tuerff 
        
    Senior Vice President 

LENDER: 
    GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 
        
    /s/ Rebecca Kratz 
        
    Rebecca Kratz 
        
    Authorized Signatory 

LENDER: 
    MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 
        
    /s/ John Davies 
        
    John Davies 
        
    Authorized Signatory 

LENDER: 
    REGIONS BANK 
        
    /s/ Mike Evans 
        
    Mike Evans 
        
    Senior Vice President  

LENDER: 
    ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
        
    /s/ Brian Gross 
        
    Brian Gross 
        
    Authorized Signatory  

LENDER: 
    SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION 
        
    /s/ William G. Karl 
        
    William G. Karl 
        
    Executive Officer  

LENDER: 
    TD BANK, N.A. 
        
    /s/ Rory Desmond  
        
    Rory Desmond  
        
    Vice President  

LENDER: 
    THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.  
        
    /s/ Scott O'Connell 
        
    Scott O'Connell 
        
    Director  

LENDER: 
    BANK OF THE WEST, A CALIFORNIA BANKING CORPORATION 
        
    /s/ Sara Burns 
        
    Sara Burns 
        
    Vice President  

LENDER: 
    BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY  
        
    /s/ Ahaz Armstrong  
        
    Ahaz Armstrong  
        
    Vice President 

LENDER: 
    PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
        
    /s/ Nicolas Zitelli 
        
    Nicolas Zitelli 
        
    Senior Vice President  

LENDER: 
    FIFTH THIRD BANK, AN OHIO BANKING CORPORATION 
        
    /s/ Matthew Rodgers  
        
    Matthew Rodgers  
        
    SVP 

LENDER: 
    ASSOCIATED BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
        
    /s/ Michael J. Sedivy 
        
    Michael J. Sedivy 
        
    Senior Vice President  

LENDER: 
    SUNTRUST BANK 
        
    /s/ Kristopher Dickson 
        
    Kristopher Dickson 
        
    Senior Vice President 

LENDER: 
    BANK OF CHINA, NEW YORK BRANCH 
        
    /s/ Haifeng Xu 
        
    Haifeng Xu 
        
    Executive Vice President  

LENDER: 
    CITY NATIONAL BANK, A NATIONAL BANKING ASSOCIATION  
        
    /s/ Bob Besser  
        
    Bob Besser  
        
    Senior Vice President  

SCHEDULES 
  2.01 Revolving Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
  2.02 Fronting Commitments/Foreign Currency Lenders 
  10.02 Administrative Agent's Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 

SCHEDULE 2.01 
    
  REVOLVING COMMITMENTS AND APPLICABLE PERCENTAGES 

1    Can fund in USD, CAN, GBP and AUD 

SCHEDULE 2.02 
    
  FOREIGN CURRENCY LENDERS 

2    Can fund in USD, CAN, GBP and AUD 

SCHEDULE 10.02 
    
  ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S OFFICE; CERTAIN ADDRESSES FOR NOTICES 
    
  CREDIT PARTIES: 
    
  385 E. Colorado Blvd., Suite 299 
  Pasadena, CA 91101 
  Attention:  Dean Shigenaga, Chief Financial Officer 
  Telephone:    (626) 578-0777 
  Telecopier:    (626) 578-0770 
  Electronic Mail: dshigenaga@are.com 
  Website Address: www.are.com 
    
  ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: 
    
  Administrative Agent s Office 
  (for payments and Requests for Credit Extensions): 
  Bank of America, N.A. 
  901 Main Street, 14th Floor 
  Mail Code: TX1-492-14-12 
  Dallas, TX 75202 
  ATTN: Jared McClure 
  TEL: (214) 209-3806 
  FAX: (214) 209-9413 
  Email: Jared.l.mcclure@baml.com 
    
  Other Notices as Administrative Agent  : 
  Bank of America, N.A. Agency Management 
  901 Main Street, 14th Floor 
  Mail Code: TX1-492-14-11 
  Dallas, TX 75202 
  ATTN: Maurice Washington 
  TEL: (214) 209-5606 
  FAX: (214) 290-9544 
  Email:  Maurice.washington@baml.com 
    
  with a copy to: 
    
  Credit Products 
  Mail Code: CA5-06-11 
  555 California Street, 6th Floor 
  San Francisco, CA 94104 
  ATTN: Helen Chan 
  TEL: 415-913-4698 
  FAX: 415-503-5055 
  Email: helen.w.chan@baml.com 
  L/C ISSUERS: 

Bank of America, N.A. 
  Trade Operations 
  Mail Code: PA6-580-02-30 
  1 Fleet Way 
  Scranton, PA 18507 
  TEL: (570) 496-9619 
  FAX:  (800) 755-8740 
  Email:     tradeclientserviceteamus@baml.com 
    
  with a copy to: 
    
  Alfonso Malave 
  TEL: (570) 496-9622 
  FAX:  (800) 755-8743 
  Email:    alfonso.malave@baml.com 
    
  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
  C/O JPMorgan Treasury Services 
  10420 Highland Manor Drive 4th Floor 
  Tampa, FL 33610 
  Attention: Standby Letter of Credit Department 
  TEL:  (813) 432-6331 
  FAX: (856) 294-5267 
  Email: gts.ib.standby@jpmchase.com 
    
  Citibank, N.A. 
  388 Greenwich Street, 6th Fl. New York, NY 10013 
  ATTN: Wei Ke 
  TEL: (212) 816-7306 
  FAX: (646) 291-5499 
  Email:   Wei.Ke@citi.com 
    
  with a copy to: 
    
  Citibank, N.A. 
  283 King George Rd - E3-C-116A Warren, NJ 07059 
  TEL: (212) 816-7312 
  FAX: (347) 321-4597 
  ATTN: Miguel A. Saez 
  Email: Miguel.A.Saez@Citi.com 
    
  SWING LINE LENDERS: 
    
  Bank of America, N.A. 
  901 Main Street, 14th Floor 
  Mail Code: TX1-492-14-12 
  Dallas, TX 75202 
  ATTN: Maria Bulin 
  TEL: (972) 338.3771 
  FAX: (214) 290.9411 
  Email:maria.bulin@baml.com 

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. JPM-Delaware Loan Operations 
  500 Stanton Christiana Road, Ops 2/3 
  Newark DE 19713 
  ATTN: Bharath Devaraju 
  TEL:  +91-80-6790-5008 
  FAX: (201)244-3885 
  Email:  na.cpg@jpmorgan.com 

Citibank, N.A. 
  1615 Brett Rd 
  Building III 
  New Castle, DE 19720 
  ATTN: Praveen Parasuraman 
  TEL: (201) 472-4414 
  FAX: (646) 274 5000 
  Email: praveen.parasuraman@citi.com and GLOriginationOps@citi.com 

EXHIBITS 
    
  Form of 
    
  A         Committed Loan Notice  
  B          Swing Line Loan Notice 
    C-1       Revolving Note 
    C-2       Swing Line Note 
  D          Compliance Certificate 
  E          Assignment and Assumption 
  F          Joinder Agreement 
  G          Lender Joinder Agreement 
  H-1      Bid Request 
  H-2      Competitive Bid 
  I           U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 

EXHIBIT A 

FORM OF COMMITTED LOAN NOTICE 
    
  Date:           

To:    Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement    the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, each L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
  The Borrower hereby requests (select one): 
                      Borrowing of Committed Loans  
         A conversion or continuation of Committed Loans  

1.    On                                            (a Business Day). 
      2.    In the principle amount of $ 
      3.    Type of Committed Loan requested to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be continued or       converted: 
           Base Rate Loan 
           Eurocurrency Rate Loans: with an Interest Period of           month(s)   1   . 
      4.    Currency  

1   7 days, one, two, three or six months, or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all applicable Lenders. 
    
  [In accordance with the requirements of   Section 4.02   of the Agreement, the Borrower hereby reaffirms the representations and warranties set forth in the Agreement and in the other Loan Documents as provided in clause (a) of such Section and confirms that no Default or Event of Default exists or will result from the Committed Borrowing requested herein or the application of the proceeds thereof. 
    
  The Committed Borrowing requested herein complies with the provisos to the first sentence of   Section 2.01   of the Agreement.]   2   
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation 
       
  By: Name: 
         Title 
   2    Include only in the case of a notice of Committed Borrowing (and not for any conversion or continuation).  

EXHIBIT B 

FORM OF SWING LINE LOAN NOTICE 

Date:          _,           

To:    Bank of America, N.A., as Swing Line Lender 
  [[    ], as Swing Line Lender] 
  Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement    the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, each L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
  The Borrower hereby requests a Swing Line Loan: 
                 1.    On                                            (a Business Day). 
      2.    In the principle amount of $ 
      3.    Type of Committed Loan requested to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be continued or       converted: 
         Base Rate Loan 
        Fixed Eurocurrency Rate Loan 
      [4.    The other Swing Line Lender in connection with this requested Swing Line Loan is          .]   3  

In accordance with the requirements of   Section 4.02   of the Agreement, the Borrower hereby reaffirms the representations and warranties set forth in the Agreement and in the other Loan Documents as provided in clause (a) of such Section and confirms that no Default or Event of Default exists or will result from the Swing Line Borrowing requested herein or the application of the proceeds thereof. 
  The Swing Line Borrowing requested herein complies with the provisos to the first sentence of 
  Section 2.04(a)   of the Agreement. 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation 
                                 
    By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

3 Include if the requested Swing Line Loan, when aggregated with the Outstanding Amount of all Swing Line Loans funded by Bank of America exceeds 33-1/3% of the Swing Line Sublimit.        

EXHIBIT C-1 
    
  FORM OF REVOLVING NOTE 

FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED,  the  undersigned  (the     Borrower   )  hereby  promises  to  pay  to 
  (or its registered assigns) (the    Revolving Lender   ), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Revolving Loan from 
  time to time made by the Revolving Lender to the Borrower under that certain Fifth Amended and 
  Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement    the terms 
  defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, Alexandria Real Estate 
  Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, the lenders (including the Revolving Lender) from time to time party thereto, each L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
  The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made by the Revolving Lender from the date of such Revolving Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. Except as otherwise provided in   Section 2.04(f  ) of the Agreement with respect to Swing Line Loans, all payments of principal and interest shall be made to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Revolving Lender in the applicable currency in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office for such currency. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment  (and  before  as  well  as  after  judgment)  computed  at  the  per  annum  rate  set  forth  in  the Agreement. 
    
  This Revolving Note is one of the Revolving Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Revolving Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable, all as provided in the Agreement. Revolving Loans made by the Revolving  Lender  shall  be  evidenced  by  one  or  more  loan  accounts  or  records  maintained  by  the Revolving Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Revolving Lender may also attach schedules to this Revolving Note and endorse thereon the date, amount, currency and maturity of its Revolving Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
    
  The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Revolving Note. 

THIS REVOLVING NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation 
                   
    By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

LOANS AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT THERETO 
    
                                           Date 
      
    Type of Loan Made 
      
    Currency 
      
    Amount of Loan Made 
      
    End of Interest Period 
      
    Amount of Principal or Interest Paid This Date 
      
    Outstanding Principal Balance This Date 
      
    Notation Made By 

EXHIBIT C-2 
    
  FORM OF SWING LINE NOTE 
    
  FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED,  the  undersigned  (the     Borrower   )  hereby  promises  to  pay  to 
  (or its registered assigns) (the    Swing Line Lender   ), in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement (as hereinafter defined), the principal amount of each Swing Line Loan from 
  time to time made by the Swing Line Lender to the Borrower under that certain Fifth Amended and 
  Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement    the terms 
  defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the Borrower, Alexandria Real Estate 
  Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, the lenders (including the Swing Line Lender) from time to time party thereto, each L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
  The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Swing Line Loan made by the Swing Line Lender from the date of such Swing Line Loan until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates and at such times as provided in the Agreement. All payments of principal and interest shall be made directly to the Swing Line Lender in Dollars in Same Day Funds as directed by the Swing Line Lender. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement. 
    
  This Swing Line Note is one of the Swing Line Notes referred to in the Agreement, is entitled to the benefits thereof and may be prepaid in whole or in part subject to the terms and conditions provided therein. Upon the occurrence and continuation of one or more of the Events of Default specified in the Agreement, all amounts then remaining unpaid on this Swing Line Note shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable, all as provided in the Agreement.  Swing Line Loans made by the Swing Line Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by the Swing Line Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Swing Line Lender may also attach schedules to this Swing Line Note and endorse thereon the date, amount and maturity of its Swing Line Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
    
  The Borrower, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Swing Line Note. 
    
  THIS SWING LINE NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation 
                   
    By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

LOANS AND PAYMENTS WITH RESPECT THERETO 
                         Date 
    Amount of Swing Ling Loan Made 
    Maturity Date of Swing Line Loan 
    Amount of Principal or Interest Paid This Date 
    Outstanding Principal Balance of Swing Line Loans This Date 
    Notation Made By 

EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

To:    Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement    the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, each L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
  The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the of Borrower, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and 
  deliver this Compliance Certificate to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Borrower, and that: 

[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end financial statements] 

1.    Attached hereto as   Schedule 1   are the year-end audited financial statements required by 
  Section 6.01(a)   of the Agreement for the fiscal year of Borrower ended as of [ 
  ] (the    Statement 
  Date   ), together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such Section. 
    
  [Use following paragraphs for fiscal quarter-end financial statements] 
    
  1.    Attached hereto as   Schedule 1   are the unaudited financial statements required by   Section 
  6.01(b)   of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of Borrower ended as of [ ] (the    Statement Date   ). Such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP (other than footnote disclosures), consistently applied, as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end accruals and audit adjustments. 
    
  2.          The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a review of the transactions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 
    
  3.          The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on   Schedule 2   attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the Statement Date. 
  4.    As of the date hereof, the Debt Rating (if any) is          . 

5.          A review of the activities of the Credit Parties during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period the Credit Parties performed and observed all of their respective Obligations under the Loan Documents, and 
    
  [select one:] 
    
  [to the knowledge of the undersigned during such fiscal period, no Default or Event of Default exists.] 
    
  --or- 
    
  [the following covenants or conditions have not been performed or observed and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and status:] 

[signature page follows] 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Compliance Certificate as of           
         ,          . 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation 
    
  By: 
  Name: Title: 
  For the Quarter/Year ended           (   Statement Date   ) 

SCHEDULE 2 
    
  to the Compliance Certificate 
    
  ($ in 000 s) 
    
  I.        Section 7.09(a)   -   Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. 
                   A. 
    Adjusted EBITDA for the four quarter period ended on Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    Debt Service of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the four quarter period ended on Statement Date 
    $ 
      C. 
    Preferred Distributions (other than redemptions) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the four quarter period ended on Statement Date 
    $ 
      D. 
    Line I.B. + Line I.C. 
    $ 
      E. 
    Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (Line I.A.   Line I.D.) 
    : 1.00 
      F. 
    Compliance Ratio 
       1.50:1.00 
      G. 
    Covenant Compliance: 
    Yes___ No____ 

II.        Section 7.09(b)   -   Secured Debt Ratio. 
                   A. 
    Secured Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    Adjusted Tangible Assets at Statement Date 
    $ 
      C. 
    Secured Debt to Adjusted Tangible Assets (Line II.A.   Line II.B.) 
    % 
      D. 
    Compliance Ratio 
     45.0% 
        
    For the four quarters ending subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition    4  
      50.0% 
      E. 
    Covenant Compliance  
    Yes___ No____ 

III.        Section 7.09(c)   -   Leverage Ratio. 
                   A. 
    Adjusted Total Indebtedness at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      B. 
    Adjusted Tangible Assets at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      C. 
    Excluded Indebtedness deducted in connection with the determination of 
  Adjusted Total Indebtedness at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      D. 
    Line III.B. - Line III.C 
    $ 
      E. 
    Line III.A.   Line III.D 
    % 
      F. 
    Compliance Ratio 
    
       60.0% 
        
    For the four quarters ending subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition   5  
     65.0% 
      G. 
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes___ No___ 

4 See   Section 7.09(b)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement. 
  5 See    Section 7.09(c)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement. 

IV.        Section 7.09(d)   -   Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio. 
                   A. 
    aggregate Adjusted NOI from the Qualified Asset Pool Properties for the 
  four fiscal quarter period ending on the Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    aggregate Interest Charges for the four quarter period ended on the 
  Statement Date in respect of the unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower 
  and its Subsidiaries (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt) 
    $ 
      C. 
    Line IV.A.   Line IV.B 
    :1.00 
      D. 
    Compliance Ratio 
       1.50:1.00 
      E. 
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes          No      __ 

V.        Section 7.09(e)   -   Unsecured Leverage Ratio. 
    
                   A. 
    aggregate unsecured Adjusted Total Indebtedness of the Borrower 

and its Subsidiaries at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      B. 
    Obligor Subsidiary Debt: 
    $ 
      C. 
    Adjusted Unencumbered Asset Value at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      D. 
    amount of unsecured Excluded Indebtedness (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt) 
  deducted in connection with the determination of aggregate unsecured 
  Adjusted Total Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at 
  Statement Date 
    $ 
      E. 
    Line V.A. - Line V.B. 
    $ 
      F. 
    Line V.C. - Line V.D. 
    $ 
      G. 
    Unsecured Leverage Ratio (Line V.E.   Line V.F.) 
    $ 
      H. 
    Compliance Ratio 
       60.0% 
        
    For the four quarters ending subsequent to 
  the consummation of a Material Acquisition   6  
     65.0% 
      I.  
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes___ No___ 

VI.        Section 7.04   -   Restricted Payments. 
                   A. 
    Restricted Payments by Borrower for the four quarter period ended on 
  the Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    Funds From Operations of Borrower and its 
  Subsidiaries for the four quarter period ending on the Statement Date 
    $ 
      C. 
    (Line VI.A.   Line VI.B.) 
    % 
      D. 
    Compliance Percentage 
       95% 
      E. 
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes___ No___ 
        
    Compliance based on Line VI.D. percentage 
  Compliance based on REIT Status or to avoid payment of federal or state income or excise tax 

6 See   Section 7.09(e)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement. 

EXHIBIT E 
    
  ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 

This  Assignment  and  Assumption  (this     Assignment  and  Assumption   )  is  dated  as  of  the 
  Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between   [the][each]  7 Assignor identified in item 
  1 below (  [the][each, an]      Assignor   ) and   [the][each]  8  Assignee identified in item 2 below (  [the][each, an]      Assignee   ).    [It is understood and agreed that the rights and obligations of [the Assignors][the 
  Assignees]  9   hereunder are several and not joint.]  10   Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
  have the meanings given to them in the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement identified below 
  (the    Credit Agreement   ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by   [the][each]   Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
    
  For an agreed consideration,   [the][each]   Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to   [the Assignee][the  respective  Assignees]  ,  and    [the][each]    Assignee  hereby  irrevocably  purchases  and assumes from   [the Assignor][the respective Assignors]  , subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent  as  contemplated  below,  (i)  all  of    [the  Assignor s][the  respective  Assignors ]    rights  and obligations in   [its capacity as a Lender][their respective capacities as Lenders]   under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto in the amounts and equal to the percentage interest  [s]   identified below of the outstanding rights and obligations under the respective facilities identified below (including, without limitation, the Letters of Credit and the Swing Line Loans included in such facilities) and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of   [the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender)][the respective Assignors (in their respective capacities as Lenders)]   against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by   [the][any]   Assignor to   [the][any]   Assignee  pursuant  to  clauses  (i)  and  (ii)  above  being  referred  to  herein  collectively  as    [the][an]      Assigned Interest   ).   Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to   [the][any]   Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by   [the][any]   Assignor. 
    
  1.            Assignor  [s]  :                                                                        
    
           2. 
    Assignee  [s]  :                 [and is an Affiliate/Approved Fund of   [identify Lender]] 
       
  3.      Borrower  : Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation 
    
  4.      Administrative Agent  : Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit 
  Agreement 
    
  5.        Credit Agreement  : Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016, among Alexandria  
  Real Estate Equities, Inc., as Borrower, Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., as a Guarantor, the other Guarantors (if any) party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, each L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
  6.      Assigned Interest  [s]  : 
    
  7  For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignor(s), if the assignment is from a single Assignor, choose the first bracketed language.  If the assignment is from multiple Assignors, choose the second bracketed language. 
  8  For bracketed language here and elsewhere in this form relating to the Assignee(s), if the assignment is to a single 

Assignee, choose the first bracketed language.  If the assignment is to multiple Assignees, choose the second bracketed language. 
  9 Select as appropriate. 
    10 Include bracketed language if there are either multiple Assignors or multiple Assignees. 

Assignor  [s] 

Assignee  [s] 
    Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Loans   for all Lenders   11  
    Amount of Commitments/Loans   Assigned      12  
      
  Percentage Assigned of   Commitment/Loans 

$ 
    $ 
    % 

$ 
    $ 
    % 

$ 
    $ 
    % 

[7.        Trade Date:            ] 
    
  Effective Date:, 20__   [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND 
  WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.] 
    
  The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to:   ASSIGNOR  [S] 
  [NAME OF ASSIGNOR] 
    
           By: 
      
       Name: 
  Title: 
    
  ASSIGNEE  [S] 
  [NAME OF ASSIGNEE] 
    
           By: 
      
       Name: 
  Title: 

11 Amounts in this column and in the column immediately to the right to be adjusted by the counterparties to take into account any payments or prepayments made between the Trade Date and the Effective Date. 
  12 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment/Loans of all Lenders thereunder. 
  Consented to, if applicable, and Accepted: 
    
  BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
  as an L/C Issuer and a Swing Line Lender 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
  as an L/C Issuer and a Swing Line Lender 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

CITIBANK, N.A., as an L/C Issuer and a Swing Line Lender 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

Consented to, if applicable: 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

ANNEX 1 TO ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION   STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
    
  1.      Representations and Warranties  . 
    
  1.1.     Assignor  .    [The][Each]   Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of   [the][the relevant]   Assigned Interest, (ii)   [the][such]   Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of any Loan Document or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Loan Document. 
    
  1.2.     Assignee  .    [The][Each]   Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under   Section 10.06(b)   of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section   10.06(b)   of the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of   [the][the relevant]   Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by   [the][such]   Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire   [the][such]   Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements referred to in   Section 5.05   thereof or delivered pursuant to   Section 6.01   thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase   [the][such]   Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent,   [the][any]   Assignor or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase   [the][such]   Assigned Interest, and (vii) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by   [the][such]   Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent,   [the][any]   Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
    
  2.      Payments  .  From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of   [the][each]   Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to   [the][the relevant]   Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to   [the][the relevant]   Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to   [the][the 
  relevant]   Assignee. 
    
  3.      General Provisions  .  This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.  This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Assumption by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Assumption.  This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

4.     Alternative Currency Fundings  .   The Assignee hereby notifies the Administrative 
  Agent that it   [has] [does not have]   the ability to make Revolving Loans in an Alternative Currency. 

EXHIBIT F 
    
  FORM OF JOINDER AGREEMENT                                  

THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT   (this    Agreement   ), dated as of   [date]  , is by and between 
                                  , a                                      [corporation],   a Domestic Subsidiary that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (the    Subsidiary   ), the Borrower (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (as hereinafter defined) pursuant to that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, extended or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (   Operating Partnership   ), the other guarantors (if any) party thereto (collectively, with Operating Partnership, the    Guarantors    and each individually, a    Guarantor   ), each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), each L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ).  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are defined in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  The Borrower has requested, pursuant to   Section 11.08   of the Credit Agreement, that the Subsidiary become a Guarantor.   Accordingly, the Subsidiary hereby agrees as follows with the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders: 
    
  1.           The Subsidiary hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that, by its execution of this Agreement, the Subsidiary will be deemed to be a party to the Credit Agreement and a  Guarantor  for all purposes of the Credit Agreement, and shall have all of the obligations of a Guarantor thereunder as if it had executed the Credit Agreement.  The Subsidiary hereby ratifies, as of the date hereof, and agrees to be bound by, all of the terms, provisions and conditions applicable to the Guarantors contained in the Credit Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing terms of this paragraph 1, the Subsidiary hereby jointly and severally together with the other Guarantors, guarantees to each Lender and the Administrative Agent, as provided in   Article XI   of the Credit Agreement, the prompt payment and performance of the Obligations in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise) strictly in accordance with the terms thereof. 
    
  2.    The Subsidiary acknowledges and confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit 
  Agreement and the Schedules and Exhibits thereto. 
    
  3.          The Borrower, on behalf of the Credit Parties, confirms that all of the Obligations under the Credit Agreement are, and upon the Subsidiary becoming a Guarantor shall continue to be, in full force and effect. 
    
  4.          The Borrower and the Subsidiary agree that at any time and from time to time, upon the written request of the Administrative Agent, each of the Borrower and the Subsidiary will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement. 
    
  5.          This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute one contract.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging transmission (e.g.  pdf  via e-mail) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
    
  6.    This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with 
  the laws of the State of New York. 
    
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF  , each of the Subsidiary and the Borrower has caused this Joinder Agreement to be duly executed by its authorized officer, and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, has caused the same to be accepted by its authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written. 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., 
  a Maryland corporation 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

Consented to: 
    
  BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
  as Administrative Agent for itself and the other Lende 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

EXHIBIT G 
    
                     FORM OF LENDER JOINDER AGREEMENT 

This LENDER JOINDER AGREEMENT  (this    Agreement   ), dated as of    , 
  is entered into by and among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the 
     Borrower   ), 
  (the       Additional    Lender   )    and    the 
  Administrative Agent (as hereinafter defined) pursuant to that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, extended or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among the Borrower,   Alexandria   Real   Estate   Equities,   L.P.,   a   Delaware   limited   partnership   (   Operating     Partnership   ), the other guarantors (if any) party thereto (collectively, with Operating Partnership, the    Guarantors   ), each lender from time to time party thereto (the    Existing Lenders    and together with the Additional Lender, individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), each L/C Issuer from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ).  Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are defined in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  The  Additional  Lender  desires  to  become  a  Lender  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  Credit 
  Agreement. 
    
  Accordingly, the Additional Lender hereby agrees as follows with the Administrative Agent and the Borrower: 
    
  The Additional Lender hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that, by its execution of this Agreement, the Additional Lender will be deemed to be a party to the Credit Agreement and a  Lender  for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall have all of the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder as fully as if it has executed the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Additional Lender hereby ratifies, as of the date hereof, and agrees to be bound by, all of the terms, provisions and conditions contained in the Credit Agreement and in the other Loan Documents which are binding upon the Lenders, including, without limitation all of the authorizations of the Lenders set forth in   Article IX   of the Credit Agreement, as supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, and the reimbursement obligations of the Lenders set forth in   Section 
  10.04(c)   of the Credit Agreement. 
    
  The Administrative Agent confirms that all of the obligations of the Existing Lenders under the Credit Agreement are, and upon the Additional Lender becoming a Lender shall continue to be, in full force and effect. The Administrative Agent further confirms that immediately upon execution of this Agreement by the parties hereto, that the Additional Lender shall become a Lender under the Credit Agreement. 
    
  The Additional Lender agrees (i) that, concurrently herewith, it will execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent the Bank of America Agent Questionnaire attached hereto as   Schedule 1,   and (ii) that, at any time and from time to time, upon the written request of the Administrative Agent, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Agreement. 
    
  The Additional Lender s new interest shall be: 
    
                     Credit Facility 
    Aggregate Amount of 
  Commitment/Loans for all Lenders 
    Amount of 
  Commitment/Loans for 
  Additional Lender 
    Additional Lender s 
  Percentage of Aggregate Amount of Commitment/Loans 
        
    $ 
    $ 
    % 

The Additional Lender (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) from and after the date hereof, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and, to the extent of its Applicable Percentage of the Commitments, shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iii) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and the Schedules and Exhibits thereto, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to   Section 6.01   thereof, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision, and (iv) attached hereto is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement (including   Section 3.01   thereof), duly completed and executed by the Additional Lender; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Loan Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Loan Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
    
  [The Additional Lender hereby notifies the Administrative Agent that it   [has] [does not have]   the ability to make Revolving Loans in an Alternative Currency.]13 
    
  This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute one contract.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging transmission (e.g.   pdf   via  e-mail)  shall  be  effective  as  delivery  of  a  manually  executed  counterpart  of  this Agreement. 
    
  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

13 Include in the case of a Lender Joinder Agreement delivered pursuant to Section 2.15(a) of the Credit Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Additional Lender have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written. 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
  as Administrative Agent for itself and the other Existing Lenders 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

[BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
  as L/C Issuer and Swing Line Lender 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
  as an L/C Issuer and a Swing Line Lender 
                   
    By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

CITIBANK, N.A., as an L/C Issuer and a Swing Line 
  Lender 
                   
    By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

ALEXANDRIA REAL  ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation 
                   
    By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

SCHEDULE 1 
    
  BANK OF AMERICA AGENT QUESTIONNAIRE 

EXHIBIT H-1 
    
  FORM OF BID REQUEST 
    
  To:    Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
    
  Reference is made to that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities,  Inc.,  a  Maryland  corporation  (the     Borrower   ),  Alexandria  Real  Estate  Equities,  L.P.,  a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), the L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ).  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  The Revolving Lenders are invited to make Bid Loans: 
                 1. 
    On ______ (a Business Day).  
      2.  
    In an aggregate amount not exceeding $_____ (with any sublimits set forth below). 
      3. 
    Comprised of (select one):  

Bid Loans Based on Absolute Rate                 Bid Loans based on Eurocurrency Rate 

Bid Loan No. 
    Interest Period requested 
    Maximum principal amount request 
      1 
    ____days/mos 
    $ 
      2 
    ____days/mos 
    $ 
      3 
    ____days/mos 
    $ 

The Bid Borrowing requested herein complies with the requirements of the proviso to the first sentence of   Section 2.04A(a)   of the Credit Agreement. 
    
  The Borrower authorizes the Administrative Agent to deliver this Bid Request to the Lenders. Responses by the Lenders must be in substantially the form of   Exhibit H-2   to the Credit Agreement and must be received by the Administrative Agent by the time specified in   Section 2.04A(c)   of the Credit Agreement for submitting Competitive Bids. 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., 
  a Maryland corporation 
                   
    By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

EXHIBIT H-2 
    
  FORM OF COMPETITIVE BID 
    
         ,           
    
  To:    Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
    
  Reference is made to that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities,  Inc.,  a  Maryland  corporation  (the     Borrower   ),  Alexandria  Real  Estate  Equities,  L.P.,  a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), the L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ).  Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  In response to the Bid Request dated                                                   ,                 , the undersigned offers to make the following Bid Loan(s): 
    
                 1. 
    Borrowing date:  ______ (a Business Day). 
      2. 
    In an aggregate amount not exceeding $_____ (with any sublimits set forth below). 
      3. 
    Comprised of: 

Bid Loan No. 
    Interest Period requested 
    Bid Maximum 
    Absolute Rate Bid of Eurocurrency Margin Bid* 
      1 
    ____days/mos 
    $ 
    (- +) _____% 
      2 
    ____days/mos 
    $ 
    (- +) _____% 
      3 
    ____days/mos 
    $ 
    (- +) _____% 

Contact Person:       ___________       Telephone:      ____________       

By: [LENDER] 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

***************************************************************************************************** 
  THIS SECTION IS TO BE COMPLETED BY THE BORROWER IF IT WISHES TO ACCEPT ANY OFFERS CONTAINED IN THIS COMPETITIVE BID: 

* Expressed in multiples of 1/100th of a basis point. 

The offers made above are hereby accepted in the amounts set forth below: 
    
                 Bid Loan No. 
    Principal Amount Accepted 
        
    $ 
        
    $ 
        
    $ 

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.,   a Maryland corporation 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

EXHIBIT I-1 

FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  (For Foreign Lenders and Foreign L/C Issuers That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
  Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), the L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 3.01(e)   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable).  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF LENDER OR L/C ISSUER] 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 
        
    Date: 

I - 1 
  Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

EXHIBIT I-2 

FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), the L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 3.01(e)   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 
  881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable).   By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 
        
    Date: 

I - 2 
  Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

EXHIBIT I-3 

FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), the L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 3.01(e)   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 
        
    Date: 

I - 3 
  Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 

EXHIBIT I-4 

FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  (For Foreign Lenders and Foreign L/C Issuers That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
  Purposes) 
    
  Reference is hereby made to the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July [29], 2016 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), the L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 3.01(e)   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 
  881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF LENDER OR L/C ISSUER] 

By; 
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 
        
    Date: 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 a3q16-ex102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.2                                                       
  FIRST AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
    
  FIRST AMENDMENT, dated as of July 29, 2016 (this    Agreement   ), to the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as August 30, 2013 (as amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Term Loan     Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the    Operating Partnership   ), as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the    Lenders   ), and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ).  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Term Loan Agreement. 
    
  WHEREAS,  the  Borrower  has  requested  that  the  Required  Lenders  agree  to amend the Term Loan Agreement as herein set forth. 
    
  NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
    
  SECTION 1.   Amendments  to  Term  Loan  Agreement.    Effective  on  the Effective Date (as defined below), the Borrower, the Operating Partnership, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders party hereto hereby agree that: 
    
  (a)  the Term Loan Agreement (other than the Schedules and, except as set forth below, the Exhibits thereto) is amended to incorporate the changes marked on the copy of the Term Loan Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto; 
    
  (b) Exhibit D (Form of Compliance Certificate) to the Term Loan Agreement is replaced in its entirety by Exhibit B hereto; and 
    
  (c) the Term Loan Agreement is amended to annex thereto a new Exhibit H (Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates) in the form of Exhibit C hereto. 
    
  SECTION 2.   Conditions of Effectiveness.    This Agreement shall not become effective until the date on which all of the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied or waived in writing (such date, the    Effective Date   ): 
    
  (a)   Counterparts.    The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Agreement duly executed by each of the Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. 
    
  (b)   Authority, etc.     The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies or other electronic imaging transmission (e.g.,  pdf  via email) (followed promptly by originals to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent) and unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Credit Party (to the extent applicable), each dated the Effective Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Effective Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders party hereto: 
    
  (i)    such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Credit Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized as of the date hereof to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement; 
    
  (ii)    such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Credit Party is duly organized or formed (including, without limitation, articles or certificates of incorporation or other charter documents and bylaws or other governance documents of each Credit Party), and that each Credit Party is validly existing and in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization and the tax identification number for each Credit Party; and 
    
  (iii)    a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in   Sections 2(c)   and   (d)   have been satisfied, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either  

individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (C) the Debt Rating as of the Effective 
  Date. 
    
  (c)   Representations and Warranties.     The representations and warranties of each Credit Party contained in Article V of the Term Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date hereof in all material respects, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and except that for purposes of this   subsection (c)  , the representations and warranties contained in subsection (a) of Section 5.05 of the Term Loan Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsection (a) of Section 6.01 of the Term Loan Agreement. 
    
  (d)   No Defaults or Events of Default  .  No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
    
  SECTION 3.   Representations and Warranties  .   After giving effect to this Agreement, the Credit Parties, jointly and severally, reaffirm and restate the representations and warranties set forth in the Term Loan Agreement and in the other Loan Documents and all such representations and warranties shall be true and correct on the date hereof with the same force and effect as if made on such date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct as of such earlier date).  Each of the Credit Parties represents and warrants (which 
  representations  and  warranties  shall  survive  the  execution  and  delivery  hereof)  to  the 
  Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
    
  (a) it has the power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and has taken or caused to be taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of its obligations under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby; 
    
  (b) no approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with,  any Governmental  Authority or any other Person  is  necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Credit Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document other than those that have already been duly made or obtained and remain in full force and effect or those which, if not made or obtained, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
    
  (c) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Credit Party, and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors  rights generally and the exercise of judicial discretion in accordance with general principles of equity; and 
    
  (d) the execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law, except, in each case referred to in   clause (b)   or   (c)  , as contemplated hereunder or to the extent such conflict, breach, contravention or violation, or creation of any such Lien or required payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  SECTION 4.   Affirmation  of  the  Operating  Partnership  .    The  Operating Partnership hereby approves and consents to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and agrees and affirms that its guarantee of the Obligations continues to be in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects and shall apply to the Term Loan Agreement, as amended hereby, and all of the other Loan Documents, as such are amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with their terms. 
    
  SECTION 5.   Costs and Expenses  .  The Credit Parties acknowledge and agree that their payment obligations set forth in Section 10.04 of the Term Loan Agreement include the reasonable  and  documented  costs  and  expenses  incurred  by  the  Administrative  Agent  in 

connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and any other documentation contemplated hereby (whether or not this Agreement becomes effective or the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated and whether or not a Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing), including, but not limited to, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of Kaye Scholer LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent. 
    
  SECTION 6.   Ratification  . 
    
  (a)        Except as herein agreed, the Term Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and affirmed by the Credit Parties. 
    
  (b)        This  Agreement  shall  be  limited  precisely  as  written  and,  except  as expressly provided herein or as provided in the exhibits hereto, shall not be deemed (i) to be a consent granted pursuant to, or a waiver, modification or forbearance of, any term or condition of the Term Loan Agreement or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or a waiver of any Default or Event of Default under the Term Loan Agreement, whether or not known to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, or (ii) to prejudice any right or remedy which the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders may now have or have in the future against any Person under or in connection with the Term Loan Agreement, any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or any of the transactions contemplated thereby. 
    
  SECTION 7.   Modifications  .  Neither this Agreement, nor any provision hereof, may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the parties hereto. 
    
  SECTION 8.   References  .  The Credit Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement constitutes a Loan Document. Each reference in the Term Loan Agreement to  this Agreement,   hereunder,   hereof,   herein,  or words of like import, and each reference in each other Loan Document (and the other documents and instruments delivered pursuant to or in connection therewith) to the  Term Loan Agreement ,  thereunder ,  thereof  or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Term Loan Agreement as modified hereby and as the Term Loan Agreement may in the future be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
    
  SECTION 9.   Counterparts  .   This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto individually or in combination, in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page by telecopier or electronic mail (in a .pdf format) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart. 
    
  SECTION 10.   Successors  and  Assigns  .    The  provisions  of  this  Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
    
  SECTION 11.   Severability  .   If any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or enforceability without in any manner affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction or the remaining provisions of this Agreement in any jurisdiction. 
    
  SECTION 12.   Governing Law  .   THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION, WAIVER OF VENUE, SERVICE OF PROCESS, WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL AND NOTICE PROVISIONS OF THE TERM LOAN AGREEMENT. 
    
  SECTION 13.   Headings  .  Section headings in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
    
                    [The remainder of this page left blank intentionally] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
    
  BORROWER: 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.,  
  a Maryland corporation 
                   
    /s/ Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Senior Vice President 
        
    RE Legal Affairs 

GUARANTOR: 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P.,  
  a Delaware limited partnership 
    
  By: ARE-QRS Corp., a Maryland corporation, general partner 
                               
    /s/ Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Senior Vice President  
        
    RE Legal Affairs 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
        
    /s/ Maurice Washington 
        
    Maurice Washington 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Helen Chan 
        
    Helen Chan 
        
    Vice President 

JP MORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Jaime Gitler 
        
    Jaime Gitler 
        
    Vice President 

CITIBANK., as a Lender  
        
    /s/ David Bouton 
        
    David Bouton 
        
    Vice President 

BANK OF THE WEST, A CALIFORNIA BANKING CORPORATION, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Susan Burns 
        
    Susan Burns 
        
    Vice President 

BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Ahaz Armstrong 
        
    Ahaz Armstrong 
        
    Vice President 

CAPITAL ONE, A NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Frederick H. Denecke 
        
    Frederick H. Denecke 
        
    Senior Vice President 

CITY NATIONAL BANK, A NATIONAL BANKING ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Bob Besser 
        
    Bob Besser 
        
    Senior Vice President 

COMPASS BANK, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Brian Tuerff 
        
    Brian Tuerff 
        
    Senior Vice President 

FIFTH THIRD BANK, AN OHIO BANKING CORPORATION, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Matthew Rodgers 
        
    Matthew Rodgers  
        
    Senior Vice President 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Rebecca Kratz 
        
    Rebecca Kratz 
        
    Authorized Signatory 

LAND BANK OF TAIWAN LOS ANGELES, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Henry C.R. Leu 
        
    Henry C.R. Leu 
        
    SVP   General Manager 

MIZUHO BANK, LTD, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ John Davies 
        
    John Davies 
        
    Authorized Signatory 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Nicolas Zitelli 
        
    Nicolas Zitelli 

Senior Vice President 

REGIONS BANK, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Mike Evans 
        
    Mike Evans 
        
    Senior Vice President 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Brian Gross 
        
    Brian Gross 
        
    Authorized Signatory  

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ William G. Karl 
        
    William G. Karl 
        
    Executive Officer  

SUNTRUST BANK, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Kristopher Dickson 
        
    Kristopher Dickson 
        
    Senior Vice President 

TD BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Rory Desmond  
        
    Rory Desmond 
        
    Vice President 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Chad Hale 
        
    Chad Hale  
        
    Director   Execution Head, REGAL 

MUFG UNION BANK, N.A., as a Lender 
        
    /s/ Scott O' Connell 
        
    Scott O' Connell 
        
    Director 

EXHIBIT A 
  CONFORMED THROUGH FIRST AMENDMENT 

AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
  Dated as of August 30, 2013 
    
  among 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., 
  as the Borrower, 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P., 
  as a Guarantor, 
    
  BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.  , 
  as Administrative Agent, 
  and 
  The Lenders Party Hereto 
    
  JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 
  and 
  CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 
  as Co-Syndication Agents, 
    
  BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
  CAPITAL ONE, N.A. 
  COMPASS BANK 
  CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 
  GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 
  HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION  
  ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
  THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 
  THE ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND PLC, 
  as Co-Documentation Agents, 
    
  and 
  J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, 
  MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER   SMITH INCORPORATED 
  and 
  CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 
  as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Lead Book Runners 

i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
  Page 
  ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS        1 
  1.01        Defined Terms.        1 
  1.02        Other Interpretive Provisions.        28 
  1.03        Accounting Terms/Financial Covenants.        28 
  1.04        Times of Day.        29 
  ARTICLE II  THE COMMITMENTS AND BORROWINGS        29 
  2.01        Term Loans.        29 
  2.02        Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans        29 
  2.03        [Reserved]        31 
  2.04        [Reserved].        31 
  2.05        Prepayments.        31 
  2.06        [Reserved]        31 
  2.07        Repayment of Loans        31 
  2.08        Interest        32 
  2.09        Fees.        32 
  2.10        Computation of Interest and Fees.        32 
  2.11        Evidence of Debt.        33 
  2.12        Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback.        33 
  2.13        Sharing of Payments by Lenders.        34 
  2.14        Extension of Maturity Date.        35 
  2.15        Increase in Commitments.        36 
  2.16        Defaulting Lenders.        36 
  ARTICLE III  TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY        37 
  3.01        Taxes.        37 
  3.02        Illegality.        41 
  3.03        Inability to Determine Rates.        42 
  3.04        Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans.        43 
  3.05        Compensation for Losses.        44 
  3.06        Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.        45 
  3.07        Survival.        45 
  ARTICLE IV  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EFFECTIVENESS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE BORROWING        46 
  4.01        Conditions of Effectiveness of this Agreement.        46 
  4.02        Additional Conditions to Borrowing.        47 
  ARTICLE V  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES        48 
  5.01        Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws.        48 
  5.02        Authorization; No Contravention.        48 
  5.03        Governmental Authorization; Other Consents.        48 
  5.04        Binding Effect.        49 
  5.05        Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect.        49 
  5.06        Litigation.        49 
  5.07        No Default.        49 
  5.08        Ownership of Property.        50 
  5.09        Environmental Compliance.        50 
  5.10        Insurance.        50 

5.11        Taxes.        50 
  5.12        ERISA Compliance.        50 
  5.13        Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act; REIT Status.        51 
  5.14        Disclosure.        51 
  5.15        Compliance with Laws.        51 
  5.16        Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc.        52 
  5.17        EEA Financial Institution.        52 
  5.18        Property.        52 
  5.19        OFAC.        52 
  5.20        Solvency.        52 
  5.21        Anti-Corruption Laws.        52 
  ARTICLE VI  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS        52 
  6.01        Financial Statements.        53 
  6.02        Certificates; Other Information.        53 
  6.03        Payment of Obligations.        55 
  6.04        Preservation of Existence, Etc.        55 
  6.05        Maintenance of Properties.        55 
  6.06        Maintenance of Insurance.        55 
  6.07        Compliance with Laws.        55 
  6.08        Books and Records.        56 
  6.09        Inspection Rights.        56 
  6.10        Use of Proceeds.        56 
  ARTICLE VII  NEGATIVE COVENANTS        56 
  7.01        [Reserved].        57 
  7.02        [Reserved].        57 
  7.03        Fundamental Changes.        57 
  7.04        Restricted Payments.        57 
  7.05        Change in Nature of Business.        57 
  7.06        Transactions with Affiliates.        57 
  7.07        Burdensome Agreements.        58 
  7.08        [Reserved].        58 
  7.09        Financial Covenants.        58 
  7.10        Sanctions.        58 
  ARTICLE VIII  EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES        59 
  8.01        Events of Default.        59 
  8.02        Remedies Upon Event of Default.        60 
  8.03        Application of Funds.        61 
  ARTICLE IX  ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT        61 
  9.01        Appointment and Authority.        61 
  9.02        Rights as a Lender.        62 
  9.03        Exculpatory Provisions.        62 
  9.04        Reliance by Administrative Agent.        63 
  9.05        Delegation of Duties.        63 
  9.06        Successor Administrative Agent.        63 
  9.07        Non Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders.        64 
  9.08        No Other Duties, Etc.        65 
  9.09        Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim.        65 
  9.10        Collateral and Borrower Matters.        65 
  9.11        No Obligations of Credit Parties.        66 

ARTICLE X  MISCELLANEOUS        66 
  10.01        Amendments, Etc.        66 
  10.01A        Conforming Amendments.        67 
  10.02        Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication.        68 
  10.03        No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.        70 
  10.04        Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver.        70 
  10.05        Payments Set Aside.        71 
  10.06        Successors and Assigns.        72 
  10.07        Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality.        75 
  10.08        Right of Setoff.        77 
  10.09        Interest Rate Limitation.        78 
  10.10        Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness.        78 
  10.11        Survival of Representations and Warranties.        78 
  10.12        Severability.        79 
  10.13        Replacement of Lenders.        79 
  10.14        Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.        80 
  10.15        WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.        81 
  10.16        USA PATRIOT Act Notice.        81 
  10.17        [Reserved].        81 
  10.18        ENTIRE AGREEMENT.        81 
  10.19        Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions.        81 
  10.20        Release of a Guarantor.        82 
  10.21        No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility.        82 
  ARTICLE XI  GUARANTY        83 
  11.01        The Guaranty.        83 
  11.02        Obligations Unconditional.        83 
  11.03        Reinstatement.        84 
  11.04        Certain Additional Waivers.        85 
  11.05        Remedies.        85 
  11.06        Rights of Contribution.        85 
  11.07        Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee.        85 
  11.08        Additional Guarantors.        85 

SCHEDULES 
    
    2.01            Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
    10.02            Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 

EXHIBITS 
    
    Form of 
    
    A        Loan Notice 
    B        Reserved 
    C        Note 
    D        Compliance Certificate 
    E        Assignment and Assumption 
    F        Joinder Agreement 
    G        Lender Joinder Agreement 
    H        U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 

36 
  63619209 
    
  63619209 
  AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
    
  This AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT is entered into as of August 30, 2013, among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower    Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the    Operating Partnership    the other guarantors (if any) that from time to time become party hereto pursuant to   Section 11.08   (collectively, together with the Operating Partnership, the    Guarantors    each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the    Lenders    and individually, a    Lender    and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, with reference to the following Recitals: 
    
  RECITALS 
    
  WHEREAS the Borrower and the Operating Partnership entered into the Existing Credit Agreement (as defined herein); 
    
  WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Operating Partnership have requested that the Lenders provide  a term loan credit facility in an initial principal amount of $600,000,000 for the purposes described herein; and 
    
  WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
    
    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
    
  ARTICLE I 
  DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
    
    1.01        Defined Terms  .      As     used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
    
       Acquisition    means, with respect to any Person, the acquisition by such Person, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of either (a) all or any substantial portion of the property of, or a line of business or  

division of, or any other property of, another Person or (b) at least a majority of the voting Equity Interests of another Person, in each case whether or not involving a merger or consolidation with such other Person. 
    
       Act    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.16  . 
    
       Adjusted EBITDA    means, for any period of determination and without duplication, an amount equal to (a) EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP,   minus   (b) the Capital Improvement Reserve for the Real Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,   minus   (c) (without duplication to the extent already deducted in the calculation of EBITDA) any Minority Interest s share of the EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period. 
    
       Adjusted Interest Expense    means, with respect to any Person as of the last day of any fiscal period and without duplication, an amount equal to Interest Expense less any financing fees to the extent amortized and any amortization thereof (including fees payable under a Swap Contract), prepayment penalties, cost or expense associated with the early extinguishment of Indebtedness or deferred financing costs. 
    
       Adjusted NOI    means, for any period and with respect to a Revenue-Producing Property, an amount equal to (a) NOI of that Revenue-Producing Property,   minus   (b) the Capital Improvement Reserve for such Revenue-Producing Property,   minus   (c) any Minority Interest s share of the NOI of that Revenue-Producing Property;   provided   that for purposes of calculating Adjusted NOI, any Revenue-Producing Property that has a negative Adjusted NOI for the period shall be deemed to have an Adjusted NOI of zero. 
    
       Adjusted Tangible Assets    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, an amount equal to (a) Total Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date,   minus   (b) Intangible Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date,   minus   (c) any Minority Interest s share of Total Assets as of that date   plus   (d) any Minority Interest s share of Intangible Assets as of that date;   provided   that (i) not more than 35% of Adjusted Tangible Assets at any time may come from Development Properties, with any excess over the foregoing limit being excluded from the determination of Adjusted Tangible Assets and (ii) not more than 15% of Adjusted Tangible Assets at any time may come from Other Investments, with any excess over the foregoing limit being excluded from the determination of Adjusted Tangible Assets. 
       Adjusted Total Indebtedness    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Total Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date of determination,   minus   (b) Excluded Indebtedness;   provided  , in no event shall such Excluded Indebtedness exceed an amount equal to (i)     cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are not subject to pledge, lien or control agreement (excluding statutory liens or rights of set-off in favor of any depositary bank or institution where such cash or Cash Equivalents are maintained)     minus   (ii) $20,000,000 (it being agreed that Excluded Indebtedness shall in no event be deemed a negative number). 
    
     Adjusted Unencumbered Asset Value    means, as of any date of determination, (a) the Unencumbered Asset Value   minus   (b) any value attributable to Qualified Land and Qualified Development Assets in excess of 35% of the Unencumbered Asset Value   minus   (c) any value attributable to Qualified Revenue-Producing Properties, Qualified Land, Qualified Development Assets and Qualified Joint Ventures that are located outside the United States or Canada in excess of 30% of the Unencumbered Asset Value. 
    
       Administrative Agent s Office    means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on   Schedule 10.02  , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
    
       Administrative Agent    means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
    
       Administrative Questionnaire    means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Affiliate    means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
    
       Aggregate Commitments    means the Commitments of all the Lenders.  As of the Closing Date, the Aggregate Commitments are equal to $600,000,000. 
    
       Agreement    means this Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time. 
    
       Applicable Percentage    means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the following percentages (carried out to the ninth decimal place), as of the date of determination: 
    
    (a)        with respect to a Lender s right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect to Loans made by such Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Loans by (ii) the Loan Amount; and 
    
    (b)        the Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on   Schedule 2.01   or in the Assignment and Assumption or Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, or in the records of the Administrative Agent, as applicable. 
    
       Applicable Rate    means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Debt Rating as set forth below: 

Initially, the Applicable Rate shall be set at Pricing Level 4 above. Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Rating shall be effective during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the day immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. 
    
     Appraised Value    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, with respect to any Real Property, the appraised value (if any) thereof based on its unimproved as is basis determined pursuant to an appraisal prepared by an M.A.I. certified appraisal and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent (it being understood and agreed that in no event shall the Borrower (or any applicable Subsidiary) be required to deliver updated appraisals more frequently than once during any 24 month period). 
    
       Approved Fund    means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
    
       Arrangers    means J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, MLPFS and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (or one of its Affiliates), in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint lead bookrunners. 
    
       Assignee Group    means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor. 

Assignment and Assumption    means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by   Section 10.06(b)  ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of   Exhibit E   or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
    
       Attributable Indebtedness    means, on any date, in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 
    
       Audited Financial Statements    means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders  equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 
    
     Bail-In Action    means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution. 
     Bail-In Legislation    means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
       Bank of America    means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
    
       Base Qualifications    means, for any Real Property, the following criteria: 
    
  (a)        to the best of Borrower s knowledge and belief, such Real Property is in good repair and condition, subject to ordinary wear and tear, and does not have any title, survey, environmental or other defects that would give rise to a materially adverse effect as to the value, use of or ability to sell or refinance such Real Property (it being understood and agreed that construction and redevelopment in the ordinary course do not constitute a material adverse effect on the value, use of or ability to sell or refinance such Real Property);  
    
  (b)        such Real Property is Unencumbered;  
    
  (c)        such Real Property is either (i) owned in fee simple absolute (or, in the case of Qualified Development Assets and Qualified Revenue-Producing Properties, through ownership of a condominium unit) or (ii) occupied by means of a leasehold interest or similar arrangement providing the right to occupy Real Property pursuant to a Mortgageable Ground Lease; 
    
  (d)        such Real Property is owned or leased by (i) the Borrower, (ii) a Guarantor or (iii) a Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than an Obligor Subsidiary); and 
    
  (e)        such Real Property is located in the United States, Canada, Scotland, the United Kingdom, Germany, Austria, France, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Ireland or Japan. 
    
       Base Rate    means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate   plus   1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its  prime rate,  and (c) the Eurodollar Rate   plus   1.00%.  The  prime rate  is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate.  Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 
    
       Base Rate Loan    means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.   
    
       Borrower    has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 

Borrower Materials    has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.02  . 
    
       Borrowing    means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by the Lenders pursuant to   Section 2.01   or pursuant to the terms of   Section 2.15  . 
    
     Business Day    means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located and if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in respect of any such Eurodollar Rate Loan, or any other dealings to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. 
    
       Capital Improvement Reserve    means, with respect to any Real Property now or hereafter owned by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, an amount equal to twenty cents ($.20) multiplied by the Net Rentable Area of the Real Property. 
    
       Capital Lease Obligations    means all monetary obligations of a Person under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in accordance with GAAP, is classified as a capital lease. 
    
       Capitalization Rate    means 6.00%. 
    
       Cash    means money, currency or a credit balance in any demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings and loan association, credit union or like organization, other than an account evidenced by a negotiable certificate of deposit. 
    
       Cash Equivalents    means: 
    
    (a)        securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States Government or any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition; 
    
    (b)        certificates of deposit, time deposits, demand deposits, eurodollar time deposits, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements, or bankers  acceptances, having in each case a term of not more than one year, issued by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or by any U.S. commercial bank (or any branch or agency of a non-U.S. bank licensed to conduct business in the U.S.) having combined capital and surplus of not less than $100,000,000 whose short-term securities are rated (at the time of acquisition thereof) at least A 1 by S P and P 1 by Moody  
    
    (c)        demand deposits on deposit in accounts maintained at commercial banks having membership in the FDIC and in amounts not exceeding the maximum amounts of insurance thereunder;  
    
    (d)        commercial paper of an issuer rated (at the time of acquisition thereof) at least A 2 by S P or P 2 by Moody s and in either case having a term of not more than one year; and 
    
    (e)        money market mutual or similar funds that invest primarily in assets satisfying the requirements of   clauses (a)   through   (d)   of this definition. 
    
       Cash Interest Expense    means Adjusted Interest Expense of a Person that is paid or currently payable in Cash. 
    
       Change in Law    means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption, or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, guideline, decision, directive or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation, directive, guideline, decision or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline, law, rule, treaty or directive  

(whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority;   provided   that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, guidelines, and directives in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  Change in Law,  regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
    
       Change of Control    means any transaction or series of related transactions in which any Unrelated Person or two or more Unrelated Persons acting in concert acquire beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d 3(a)(l) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of 40% or more of the outstanding voting Common Stock. 
    
       Closing Date    means August 30, 2013, which is the first date all the conditions precedent in   Section 4.01   have been satisfied or waived in accordance with   Section 10.01  . 
    
       Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
    
     Commitment    means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make a Loan to the Borrower pursuant   Section 2.01   (or any commitment to provide any additional Loans pursuant to   Section 2.15  ), in an aggregate principal amount on the Closing Date (or, with respect to any additional Loans pursuant to   Section 2.15  , on the date such Loans are to be made) not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on   Schedule 2.01   hereto (as amended pursuant to   Section 2.15  ) or the amount set forth in the Assignment and Assumption or the Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
    
       Common Stock    means the common stock of the Borrower. 
    
       Compliance Certificate    means a certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit D  . 
       
       Confidential Information    means (a) all of the terms, covenants, conditions or agreements set forth in any letters of intent or in this Agreement or any amendments hereto and any related agreements of whatever nature, (b) the information and reports provided in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, (c) any and all information provided, disclosed or otherwise made available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders including, without limitation, any and all plans, maps, studies (including market studies), reports or other data, operating expense information, as-built plans, specifications, site plans, drawings, notes, analyses, compilations, or other documents or materials relating to the properties or their condition or use, whether prepared by the Borrower or others, which use, or reflect, or that are based on, derived from, or are in any way related to the foregoing, and (d) any and all other information of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have access to including, without limitation, ideas, samples, media, techniques, sketches, specifications, designs, plans, forecasts, financial information, technical information, drawings, works of authorship, models, inventions, know-how, processes, apparatuses, equipment, algorithms, financial models and databases, software programs, software source documents, manuals, documents, properties, names of tenants or potential tenants, vendors, suppliers, distributors and consultants, and formulae related to the current, future, and proposed products and services of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or tenants or potential tenants (including, without limitation, information concerning research, experimental work, development, design details and specifications, engineering, procurement requirements, purchasing, manufacturing, customer lists, investors, employees, clients, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, and sales and marketing plans).  Confidential Information may be disclosed or accessible to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as embodied within tangible material (such as documents, drawings, pictures, graphics, software, hardware, graphs, charts, or disks), orally, or visually. 
    
       Conforming Amendment    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.01A  . 
    
     Connection Income Taxes    means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Contractual Obligation    means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
    
       Control    means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.     Controlling    and    Controlled    have meanings correlative thereto. 
    
       Credit Party    means the Borrower or any Guarantor and    Credit Parties    means, collectively, the Borrower and the Guarantors. 
    
       Debt Rating    means, as of any date of determination, the rating as determined by either Rating Agency of the Borrower's long term non credit enhanced senior unsecured debt;   provided   that (a) if the Debt Ratings issued by the Rating Agencies differ, the higher of such Debt Ratings shall apply, (b) if the Borrower only has one Debt Rating, such Debt Rating shall apply and (c) if the Borrower does not have a Debt Rating, Pricing Level 6 shall apply. 
    
       Debt Service    means, for any period with respect to a Person s Indebtedness, the sum of all Interest Charges and regularly scheduled principal payments due and payable during such period, excluding any balloon payments due upon maturity of the Indebtedness, refinancing of the Indebtedness or repayments thereof in connection with asset sales;   provided   that Debt Service shall not include any Minority Interest s share of any of the foregoing.  Debt Service shall include the portion of rent payable by a Person during such period under Capital Lease Obligations that should be treated as principal in accordance with GAAP but shall exclude Interest Charges related to committed construction loans.   
    
       Debtor Relief Laws    means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
    
       Default    means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
    
       Default Rate    means an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate   plus   (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans   plus   (iii) 2% per annum;   provided  ,   however  , that with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan   plus   2% per annum. 
    
       Defaulting Lender    means, subject to   Section 2.16(b)  , any Lender that (a) has failed to pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its payment obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its payment obligations hereunder (  provided   that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this   clause (c)   upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action;   provided   that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.  Any determination by the  

Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of   clauses (a)   through   (d)   above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to   Section 2.16(b)  ) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower and each Lender promptly following such determination. 
    
       Departing Lender    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.13  . 
    
     Designated Jurisdiction    means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction. 
     Development Investments    means, as of any date of determination, direct or indirect investments in Real Property which, as of such date, is the subject of ground up development to be used principally for office, laboratory, research, health sciences, technology, manufacturing or warehouse purposes and related real property (and appurtenant amenities);   provided  ,   that  , such Real Property or any portion thereof will only constitute a Development Investment from the date construction has commenced thereon until the date on which the Real Property and applicable improvements receive a final certificate of occupancy or equivalent certification allowing legal occupancy for its intended purpose. 
    
     Development Properties    means (A) Development Investments (the amount of such Investment shall be an amount equal to the aggregate costs incurred in connection therewith), (B) undeveloped land without improvements, and (C) any other Real Properties, other than improved real estate properties used principally for office, manufacturing, warehouse, research, laboratory, health sciences or technology purposes (and appurtenant amenities).  In determining Adjusted Tangible Assets on any date, the contribution to Adjusted Tangible Assets from Development Properties that are not owned 100%, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, shall be the book value of such Development Properties adjusted by multiplying same by the Borrower s or such Subsidiaries  interest therein as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending on or most recently prior to such date. 
       Disposition    or    Dispose    means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction and dispositions due to casualty or condemnation) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
    
     Documentation Agents    means Barclays Bank plc, Capital One, N.A., Compass Bank, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, HSBC Bank USA, National Association, Royal Bank of Canada, The Bank of Nova Scotia and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, each in its capacity as co-documentation agent. 
    
       Dollar    and    $   mean lawful money of the United States. 
    
       Domestic Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. 
    
       EBITDA    means, with respect to any Person (or any asset of a Person) for any fiscal period and without double counting, the sum of (a) the Net Income of such Person (or attributable to assets of the Person) for that period,   plus   (b) the following to the extent deducted in calculating Net Income of such Person (or attributable to assets of such Person) (i) any non-recurring loss,   plus   (ii) Interest Expense for that period,   plus   (iii) the aggregate amount of federal and state taxes on or measured by income of such Person for that period (whether or not payable during that period),   plus   (iv) depreciation, amortization and all other non-cash expenses (  including   non-cash officer compensation and any write-down of goodwill pursuant to GAAP) of such Person for that period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP,   plus   (v) transaction costs, fees and expenses in connection with any capital markets offering, debt financing or amendment thereto, redemption or exchange of Indebtedness, Disposition, merger or acquisition (in each case, whether or not consummated),   plus   (vi) severance and restructuring charges   plus   (vii) charges related to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness   minus   (c) any non-operating, non-recurring gain to the extent included in calculating Net Income of such Person (or attributable to assets of such Person). 

EEA Financial Institution    means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in   clause (a)   of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in   clauses (a)   or   (b)   of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
     EEA Member Country    means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
     EEA Resolution Authority    means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
       Eligible Assignee    means (a) a Lender; (b) an Affiliate of a Lender; (c) an Approved Fund; and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);   provided   that notwithstanding the foregoing,  Eligible Assignee  shall not include the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 
    
       Environmental Laws    means any and all applicable Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions governing pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
    
       Environmental Liability    means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower, or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
    
       Equity Interest    means, with respect to any Person, shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, and other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
    
       Equity Offering    means the issuance and sale by the Borrower or the Operating Partnership of any equity securities. 
    
       ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
    
       ERISA Affiliate    means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
    
       ERISA Event    means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a  substantial employer  as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing  

of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA or the treatment of a Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA to the extent that such determination could reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect; or (h) the imposition of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
    
     EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule    means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
       Eurodollar Rate    means: 
    
    (a)        means, for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate (   LIBOR   ) or a comparable or successor rate thereto which is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time and reasonably acceptable to the Borrower) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, three Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for deposits in Dollars with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; and 
    
    (b)        for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR, at or about 11:00 a.m., London time determined two Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits with a term of one month commencing that day; 
    
  provided   that to the extent a comparable or successor rate is approved by the Administrative Agent in connection with any rate set forth in this definition, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice;   provided  ,   further  , that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
    
     Eurodollar Rate Loan    means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on   clause (a  ) of the definition of  Eurodollar Rate.  
    
       Event of Default    has the meaning set forth in   Section 8.01  . 
    
       Excluded Indebtedness    means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries included in the definition of Total Indebtedness, as of such date of determination, either (a) which by its terms matures within twenty-four (24) months after such date of determination or (b) as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has the right to convert or any holder of such Indebtedness has the right to put or convert such Indebtedness within twenty-four (24) months after such date of determination. 
    
       Excluded Taxes    means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (or any Person whose net income is measured with reference to it) (however denominated), and franchise Taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income Taxes), (i) by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located, or in which it is doing business, or in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable Lending Office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States or any similar Tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, (c) other than with respect to an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under   Section 10.13  , any United States Federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Person pursuant to a law in effect at the time such Person becomes a party hereto (or designates a new Lending Office),  

except to the extent that such Person (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of its appointment or designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to   Section 3.01(a)  , (d) any Taxes attributable to such Person s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with   Section 3.01(e)   and (e) any United States Federal withholding tax imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
    
       Existing Credit Agreement    means that certain Term Loan Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2011, as amended prior to the date hereof, among the Credit Parties, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent, and the other parties thereto. 
    
       Existing Maturity Date    has the meaning set forth in   Section 2.14(a)  . 
    
     FATCA    means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
       Federal Funds Rate    means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day;   provided  , that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 
    
     Fee Letters    means (a) that certain letter agreement, dated as of July 16, 2013, between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (b) that certain letter agreement, dated as of July 16, 2013, among the Borrower, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.,   MLPFS  , Bank of America, N.A. and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. 
    
       Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the   ratio   obtained by dividing (a) Adjusted EBITDA for the period consisting of that fiscal quarter and the three immediately preceding fiscal quarters   by   (b) an amount equal to (i) Debt Service of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period,   plus   (ii) all Preferred Distributions (other than redemptions) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period. 
    
       Foreign Lender    means any Lender that is not a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
    
       FRB    means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
    
       Fund    means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
    
       Funds From Operations    means, with respect to any fiscal period and without double counting, an amount equal to the Net Income (or deficit) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for that period computed on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property,   plus   depreciation and amortization and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures;   provided   that Funds From Operations shall exclude one-time or non-recurring charges and impairment charges, charges from the early extinguishment of indebtedness and other non-cash charges. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect Funds From Operations on the same basis.  Funds From Operations shall be reported in accordance with the NAREIT Policy Bulletin dated April 5, 2002, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
    
       Governmental Authority    means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision or instrumentality thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
    
       Guarantee    means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness payable or performable by another Person (the    primary obligor   ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien).  The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith.  The term  Guarantee  as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
    
       Guarantors    means the Operating Partnership and, if requested by the Borrower, any other Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower who becomes a Guarantor pursuant to   Section 11.08  . 
    
       Hazardous Materials    means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated under any Environmental Law. 
    
       Indebtedness    means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with 
  GAAP: 
    
    (a)        all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 
    
    (b)        all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers  acceptances and bank guaranties; 
    
    (c)        net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 
    
    (d)        all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); 

(e)        indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 
    
    (f)        Capital Lease Obligations; and 
    
    (g)        all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
    
    For all purposes hereof, (i) the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or is otherwise liable for such Indebtedness, except to the extent such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person and (ii) Indebtedness shall not include any Minority Interest s share of any of the foregoing.  The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date.  The amount of any Capital Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 
    
       Indemnified Taxes    means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
    
       Indemnitee    has the meaning specified in   Section 10.04(b)  . 
    
       Intangible Assets    means the value of all assets of a Person and its Subsidiaries (without duplication), determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, that are considered to be intangible assets under GAAP,   including   customer lists, goodwill, copyrights, trade names, trademarks, patents, franchises, licenses, unamortized deferred charges, unamortized debt discount and capitalized research and development costs. 
    
       Interest Charges    means, as of the last day of any fiscal period and without double counting, the   sum     of   (a) Cash Interest Expense of a Person,   plus   (b) all interest currently payable in Cash by a Person which is incurred during that fiscal period and capitalized under GAAP,   minus   (c) any Minority Interest s share of Cash Interest Expense. 
    
       Interest Expense    means, with respect to any Person as of the last day of any fiscal period and without duplication, an amount equal to (a) all interest, fees, charges and related expenses paid or payable (without duplication) for that fiscal period by that Person to a lender in connection with borrowed money (including any obligations for fees, charges and related expenses payable to the issuer of any letter of credit) or the deferred purchase price of assets that are considered  interest expense  under GAAP,   plus   (b) the portion of rent paid or payable (without duplication) for that fiscal period by that Person under Capital Lease Obligations,   minus   (  or plus, as applicable  ) (c) amounts received (or paid) under Swap Contracts   plus   (d) all other amounts considered to be  interest expense  under GAAP. 
    
       Interest Payment Date    means the last Business Day of each month. 
    
       Interest Period    means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or, in the case of any Eurodollar Rate Loan, converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan and ending on the date one or three months thereafter, or 7 days, two or six months thereafter (in each case subject to availability) or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all applicable     Lenders, as selected by the Borrower in the applicable Loan Notice, as the case may be;   provided   that: 
    
    (i)        any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 
    
    (ii)        any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Rate Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month  

at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 
    
    (iii)        no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
    
       Investment    means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment, but reduced by any amounts received in respect of such Investment which constitute capital distributions, principal, sale proceeds or otherwise in respect thereof. 
    
       IP Rights    has the meaning specified in   Section 5.16  . 
    
       IRS    means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
    
       Joinder Agreement    means a joinder agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit F  . 
    
       Laws    means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
    
       Lender    has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
    
       Lender Joinder Agreement    means a lender joinder agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit G  . 
    
       Lender Party    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.07(a)  . 
    
       Lending Office    means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
    
     Leverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing (a) Adjusted Total Indebtedness as of such date   by   (b) (i) the Adjusted Tangible Assets as of such date   minus   (ii) the amount of Excluded Indebtedness deducted in connection with the determination of Adjusted Total Indebtedness as of such date. 
    
     LIBOR    has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurodollar Rate. 
    
       Lien    means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment for security, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, other than a precautionary financing statement with respect to a lease that is not in the nature of a security interest). 

Loan    means a term loan of any Type made to the Borrower by the Lenders pursuant to   Section 2.01   or   Section 2.15  . 
    
     Loan Amount    means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of the Loans then outstanding, which on the Closing Date is equal to $600,000,000. 
    
       Loan Documents    means this Agreement, each Note, each Fee Letter and any other instrument, document or agreement from time to time delivered by a Credit Party in connection with this Agreement. 
    
       Loan Notice    means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, pursuant to   Section 2.02(a)  , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of   Exhibit A. 
    
       Managing Agents    means the following: Branch Banking and Trust Company, Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd., PNC Bank National Association, Regions Bank, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, TD Bank, N.A., The Bank of New York Mellon and Union Bank, N.A.    
    
     MLPFS    means Merrill Lynch, Pierce Fenner   Smith Incorporated and its successors. 
     Material Acquisition    means an Acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in which the value of the assets acquired in such Acquisition exceeds five per cent (5%) of Total Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (after giving effect to such Acquisition). 
    
       Material Adverse Effect    means a material adverse effect on (a) the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document (other than as a result of any action or inaction of the Administrative Agent or any Lender), (b) the business or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or (c) the ability of the Credit Parties to perform the payment and other material Obligations under the Loan Documents. 
    
       Material Unsecured Indebtedness    means outstanding third party unsecured borrowed money Indebtedness (including guaranties thereof), in a principal amount equal to or greater than $25,000,000. 
    
       Maturity Date    means the later of (a) January 3, 2018, and (b) if the Existing Maturity Date is extended pursuant to   Section 2.14  , such extended Maturity Date as determined pursuant to such   Section 2.14  . 
    
       Maximum Rate    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.09  . 
    
       Minority Interest    means, with respect to any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, direct or indirect, of the Borrower, any ownership interest of a third party in such Subsidiary. 
    
       Moody s    means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
    
       Mortgageable Ground Lease    means on any date of determination, a lease or similar arrangement providing the right to occupy Real Property (a) which is granted by the fee owner of Real Property, (b) which has a remaining term (calculated only once on the Closing Date or the date the Real Property subject to such lease becomes a Qualified Asset Pool Property) of not less than twenty-five (25) years, including extension options exercisable solely at the discretion of the Borrower or any applicable Subsidiary, (c) under which no material default has occurred and is continuing and (d) with respect to which a security interest may be granted (i) without the consent of the lessor or (ii) pursuant to the consent of the lessor, which consent has been granted. 
    
       Multiemployer Plan    means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
    
       Negative Pledge    means a Contractual Obligation that contains a covenant binding on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that prohibits Liens on any of their Property,   other     than   (a) any such covenant contained in a Contractual  

Obligation granting or relating to a particular Lien which affects only the property that is the subject of such Lien and (b) any such covenant that does not apply to, or otherwise permits, Liens which may secure the Obligations now or in the future. 
    
       Net Income    means, for any period and for any Person, the net income of the Person for that period, determined in accordance with GAAP;   provided   that there shall be excluded therefrom the net amount of any real estate gains or losses. 
    
       Net Rentable Area    means with respect to any Real Property, the floor area of any buildings, structures or improvements available for leasing to tenants (excluding storage lockers and parking spaces) determined in accordance with the Borrower s or its applicable Subsidiary s rent roll for such Real Property, the manner of such determination shall be consistently applied for all Real Property, unless otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent. 
    
       NOI    means, with respect to any Revenue-Producing Property and with respect to any fiscal period, the   sum   of (a) the net income of that Revenue-Producing Property for that period,   plus   (b) Interest Expense of that Revenue-Producing Property for that period,   plus   (c) the aggregate amount of federal and state taxes on or measured by income of that Revenue Producing Property for that period (whether or not payable during that period),   plus   (d) depreciation, amortization and all other non-cash expenses of that Revenue-Producing Property for that period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
    
       Non-Recourse Debt    means Indebtedness of any Person for which the liability of such Person (except with respect to fraud, Environmental Laws liability, misapplication of funds, bankruptcy, transfer of collateral in violation of the applicable loan documents, failure to obtain consent for subordinate financing in violation of the applicable loan documents and other exceptions customary in like transactions at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) either is contractually limited to collateral securing such Indebtedness or is so limited by operation of Laws. 
    
     Note    means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of, and payable to the order of, a Lender evidencing that portion of the Loan made by such Lender substantially in the form of   Exhibit C.      A Note shall be executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting such Note. 
    
       Obligations    means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations of, any Credit Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
    
       Obligor Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary (other than the Operating Partnership) that is not a Guarantor but is obligated with respect to any Material Unsecured Indebtedness. 
    
       Obligor Subsidiary Debt    means third party unsecured borrowed money Indebtedness (including guaranties) of any Obligor Subsidiary. 
    
       OFAC    means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
    
       Operating Partnership    has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
    
       Organization Documents    means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority  

in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
    
     Other Connection Taxes    means, with respect to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between the Administrative Agent or such Lender and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from the Administrative Agent or such Lender having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
     Other Investments    means Investments other than (a) Development Properties and (b) Investments in Real Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries consisting of improved real estate property used principally for office, laboratory, research, health sciences, technology, manufacturing or warehouse purposes (and appurtenant amenities).  In determining Adjusted Tangible Assets on any date, the contribution to Adjusted Tangible Assets from Other Investments that are not owned 100%, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, shall be the book value of such Other Investments adjusted by multiplying same by the Borrower s or such Subsidiaries  interest therein as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending on or most recently prior to such date. 
       Other Taxes    means all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document;   provided,     however  , that  Other Taxes  shall not include such amounts to the extent imposed as a result of any transfer by any Lender or the Administrative Agent of any interest in or under any Loan Document. 
    
       Overnight Rate    means, for any day, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
    
       Participant    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.06(d)  . 
    
     Participant Register    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.06(d)  .  
       PBGC    means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
    
     Pension Funding Rules    means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in, with respect to plan years ending prior to the effective date of the Pension Act, Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, each as in effect prior to the Pension Act and, thereafter, Section 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
    
       Pension Plan    means any  employee pension benefit plan  (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) including a multiple employer plan but not including a Multiemployer Plan; that is maintained or is contributed to by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
    
     Permitted Liens    means: 
  (a)  inchoate Liens incident to construction on or maintenance of Property; or Liens incident to construction on or maintenance of Property now or hereafter filed of record for which adequate reserves have been set aside, to the extent required by GAAP (or deposits made pursuant to applicable Law), and which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and have not proceeded to judgment,   provided   that, by reason of nonpayment of the obligations secured by such Liens, no such Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture; 
  (b)  Liens for taxes and assessments on Property which are not yet past due; or Liens for Taxes for which adequate reserves have been set aside, to the extent required by GAAP, and are being contested in  

good faith by appropriate proceedings and have not proceeded to judgment,   provided   that, by reason of nonpayment of the obligations secured by such Liens, no such Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture; 
  (c)  defects and irregularities in title to any Property which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
  (d)  easements, exceptions, reservations, or other agreements for the purpose of pipelines, conduits, cables, wire communication lines, power lines and substations, streets, trails, walkways, drainage, irrigation, water, and sewerage purposes, dikes, canals, ditches, the removal of oil, gas, coal, or other minerals, and other like purposes affecting Property in the ordinary course; 
  (e)  easements, exceptions, reservations, or other agreements for the purpose of facilitating the joint or common use of Property in or adjacent to a shopping center, business or office park or similar project affecting Property in the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 
  (f)  rights reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate, or obligations or duties to any Governmental Authority with respect to, the use of any Property; 
  (g)  rights reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate, or obligations or duties to any Governmental Authority with respect to, any right, power, franchise, grant, license, or permit; 
  (h)  present or future zoning laws and ordinances or other laws and ordinances restricting the occupancy, use, or enjoyment of Property in the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 
  (i)  statutory Liens, other than those described in   clauses (a)   or   (b)   above, arising in the ordinary course of business (but not in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness) with respect to obligations which are not delinquent or are being contested in good faith,   provided   that, if delinquent, adequate reserves have been set aside with respect thereto, to the extent required by GAAP, and, by reason of nonpayment, no Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture; 
  (j)  covenants, conditions, and restrictions affecting the use of Property which may not give rise to any Lien against such Property in the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 
  (k)  rights of tenants as tenants only under leases and rental agreements covering Property entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Person owning such Property; 
  (l)  Liens consisting of pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers  compensation laws or similar legislation, including Liens of judgments thereunder which are not currently dischargeable; 
  (m)  Liens consisting of pledges or deposits of Property to secure performance in connection with operating leases made in the ordinary course of business; 
  (n)  deposits to secure the performance of bids, contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety bonds (other than bonds related to judgments or litigation), performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
  (o)  Liens consisting of any right of offset, or statutory bankers  lien, on bank deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business so long as such bank deposit accounts are not established or maintained for the purpose of providing such right of offset or bankers  lien; 
  (p)  Liens consisting of deposits of Property to secure statutory obligations of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary;  
  (q)  Liens securing Obligations; and  
  (r)  Liens created by or resulting from any litigation or legal proceeding in the ordinary course of business which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;   provided   that, adequate reserves have been set aside and no material Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture. 
       Permitted Purposes    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.07(a)  . 
    
       Person    means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
    
       Plan    means any  employee benefit plan  (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) established by the Borrower, or with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 
    
       Platform    has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.02  . 

Preferred Distributions    means for any period, the amount of any and all Restricted Payments due and payable in cash by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period to the holders of Preferred Equity but shall not include (i) any Minority Interest s share of any such Restricted Payments or (ii) any such Restricted Payments paid to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
    
       Preferred Equity    means any form of preferred stock (whether perpetual, convertible or otherwise) or other ownership or beneficial interest in the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that entitles the holders thereof to preferential payment or distribution priority with respect to dividends, assets or other payments over the holders of any other stock or other ownership or beneficial interest in such Person. 
    
       Property    means all assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, whether real property or personal property. 
    
       Public Lender    has the meaning set forth in   Section 6.02  . 
    
       Qualified Asset Pool Property    means Qualified Land, Qualified Revenue-Producing Property, Qualified Development Assets and Qualified Joint Venture Property. 
    
       Qualified Development Asset    means a Real Property that: 
    
           (a) 
    satisfies the Base Qualifications; 
       
           (b) 
    constitutes a Development Investment; and 
       
           (c) 
    does not otherwise constitute a Qualified Revenue-Producing Property or Qualified Land. 
       
     Qualified Joint Venture Property    means a Real Property, owned and controlled by a direct or indirect non-wholly-owned Subsidiary, that is any of a Qualified Revenue-Producing Property, Qualified Land and/or a Qualified Development Asset.  For purposes of this definition  controlled  means exclusive control of any disposition, refinancing and operating activity without the consent of any other party (other than (i) the Borrower or (ii) any of its Subsidiaries, as long as such Subsidiary does not need the consent of any minority equity holder thereof to consent to any disposition, refinancing or operating activity).   
    
     Qualified Land    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, Real Property that: 
    
           (a) 
    satisfies the Base Qualifications; 
       
           (b) 
    is entitled; and 
       
           (c) 
    does not otherwise constitute a Qualified Revenue-Producing Property or Qualified Development Asset. 
       
       Qualified Revenue Producing Property    means a Revenue Producing Property that: 
    
           (a) 
    satisfies the Base Qualifications; 
       
           (b) 
    is occupied or available for occupancy (subject to final tenant improvements); and 
       
           (c) 
    does not otherwise constitute a Qualified Development Asset or Qualified Land. 
       
       Rating Agencies    means (a) S P and (b) Moody s. 
    
       Real Property    means, as of any date of determination, real property (together with the underlying real property interests and appurtenant real property rights) then owned, leased or occupied by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 

Register    has the meaning specified in   Section 10.06(c)  . 
    
       REIT Status    means, with respect to any Person, (a) the qualification of such Person as a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, and (b) the applicability to such Person and its shareholders of the method of taxation provided for in Sections 857   et     seq  . of the Code. 
    
       Related Parties    means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
    
       Replacement Lender    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.13  . 
    
       Reportable Event    means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 
    
       Required Lenders    means, as of any date of determination, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50% of the Loan Amount.  The outstanding Loans held, or deemed held, by any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
    
       Responsible Officer    means, (a) with respect to delivery of executed copies of this Agreement or any Compliance Certificate, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or any executive vice president of the applicable Credit Party (or the partner or member or manager, as applicable)  ,   (b) solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to   Article II  , any officer referred to in the foregoing   clause (a)   and any other officer or employee of the applicable Credit Party so designated by any of such officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Credit Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Credit Party and the Administrative Agent, and (c) for all other purposes, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, secretary, assistant secretary or any executive vice president of the applicable Credit Party (or the partner or member or manager, as applicable).  Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Credit Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Credit Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Credit Party. 
    
       Restricted Payment    means, with respect to any equity interest or any warrant or option to purchase an equity interest issued by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (a) the retirement, redemption, purchase or other acquisition for Cash or for Property by the Borrower or such Subsidiary of any such security or interest (excluding any Indebtedness which by its terms is convertible into an Equity Interest), (b) the declaration or (without duplication) payment by the Borrower or such Subsidiary of any dividend in Cash or in Property on or with respect to any such security or interest and (c) any other payment in Cash or Property by the Borrower or such Subsidiary constituting a distribution under applicable Laws with respect to such security or interest. 
    
       Revenue-Producing Property    means an identifiable improved Real Property that is used principally for office, laboratory, research, health sciences, technology, manufacturing or warehouse purposes and related real property (and appurtenant amenities), or for such other revenue-producing purposes as the Required Lenders may approve. 
       Revolving Credit Agreement    means that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, among the Borrower, the Operating Partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, each of the letter of credit issuers from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
       Revolving Credit Loan Documents    means  Loan Documents  as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
    
     S P    means Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard   Poor s Financial Services LLC business and any successor thereto. 
     Same Day Funds    means immediately available funds. 

Sanction(s)    means any international economic sanction(s) administered or enforced by the United States Government (including, without limitation, OFAC). 
     SEC    means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
    
     SEC Report    means all filings on Form 10 K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K with the SEC made by the Borrower pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
    
     Secured Debt    means, without duplication, (a) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is secured by a Lien and (b) Obligor Subsidiary Debt;   provided  , that Secured Debt shall not include any of the Obligations.  
    
     Secured Debt Ratio    means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing (a) the Secured Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date   by   (b) the Adjusted Tangible Assets, as of such date. 
    
     Solvent    means, as to any Person, that, as of any date of determination, (a) the amount of the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, exceed the amount of all liabilities of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as of such date, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its existing or anticipated debts as such debts become absolute and matured, and (c) such Person will not have as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business. 
    
     Subsidiary    of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.  Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a  Subsidiary  or to  Subsidiaries  shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
    
     Swap Contract    means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a    Master Agreement   ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
    
     Swap Termination Value    means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in   clause (a)  , the amount(s) determined as the mark to market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
    
     Syndication Agents    means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., each in its capacity as co-syndication agent. 

Taxes    means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
    
     Total Assets    means the value of all assets of a Person and its Subsidiaries (without duplication), determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP;   provided   that all Real Property shall be valued based on its Unencumbered Asset Value (it being understood that the Unencumbered Asset Value for any Real Property that is not a Qualified Asset Pool Property shall be calculated as if it was a Qualified Asset Pool Property).  In the event that a Person has an ownership or other equity interest in any other Person, which investment is not consolidated in accordance with GAAP (that is, such interest is a  minority interest ), then the assets of a Person and its Subsidiaries shall include such Person s or its Subsidiaries  allocable share of all assets of such Person in which a minority interest is owned based on such Person s respective ownership interest in such other Person. 
    
     Total Indebtedness    means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: 
    
  (a)        all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 
    
  (b)        all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers  acceptances and bank guaranties; 
    
  (c)        net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 
    
  (d)        all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); 
    
  (e)        indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 
    
  (f)        Capital Lease Obligations; and 
    
  (g)        all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
    
  For all purposes hereof, Total Indebtedness shall not include any Minority Interest s share of any of the foregoing.  The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be (i) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (ii) for any date prior to the date referenced in   clause (i)  , zero.  The amount of any Capital Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 
    
     Trade Date    has the meaning set forth in   Section 10.06(b)  . 
    
     Type    means with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan. 
    
     Unencumbered    means, with respect to any Revenue Producing Property, Qualified Land or Qualified Development Assets, that such Revenue Producing Property, Qualified Land or Qualified Development Assets (a) is not subject to any Lien   other     than   Permitted Liens, (b) is not subject to any Negative Pledge and (c) is not held by a Person any of whose direct or indirect equity interests are subject to a Lien or Negative Pledge. 

Unencumbered Asset Value    means, as of any date of determination and without double counting any item, the following amounts for the following types of Real Property: 
    
  (a)        with respect to any Qualified Revenue-Producing Property owned for a full four consecutive fiscal quarter period or longer, an amount equal to (i) the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the prior four full consecutive fiscal quarters divided by (ii) the Capitalization Rate;   provided   that in the event any such Real Property sustains any material damage, the value of any business interruption insurance proceeds owed to or received by the Borrower during such period with respect to such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property shall be included in the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the periods from the date of such material damage until such time as such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property becomes fully operational. 
    
  (b)        with respect to any Qualified Revenue-Producing Property owned for less than four full consecutive fiscal quarters, an amount equal to (i) the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the period which the Borrower or applicable Subsidiary has owned and operated such Real Property, adjusted by the Borrower to an annual Adjusted NOI in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent,   divided   by (ii) the Capitalization Rate;   provided   that in the event any such Real Property sustains any material damage, the value of any business interruption insurance proceeds owed to or received by the Borrower during such period with respect to such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property shall be included in the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the periods from the date of such material damage until such time as such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property becomes fully operational. 
    
  (c)        with respect to Qualified Revenue-Producing Property that is being renovated or with respect to which a partial or total renovation was recently completed, an amount as determined at the sole election of the Administrative Agent based on (i) the annualized Adjusted NOI with respect to such Real Property, annualized based on bona fide, arm s length signed tenant leases which are in full force and effect requiring current rental payments,   divided   by the Capitalization Rate, or (ii) the cost basis of such Real Property determined in accordance with GAAP   multiplied   by the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  percentage ownership interest in such Qualified Revenue Property. 
    
  (d)        with respect to any Real Property that constitutes Qualified Land, an amount equal to, at the option of the Borrower, (i) the cost basis as determined in accordance with GAAP or the Appraised Value (if any) of such Qualified Land   multiplied   by (ii) the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  percentage ownership interest in such Qualified Land. 
    
  (e)        with respect to any Real Property that constitutes Qualified Development Assets, an amount equal to (i) the cost basis as determined in accordance with GAAP of such Qualified Development Asset   multiplied   by (ii) the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  percentage ownership interest in such Qualified Development Asset;   provided   that if all or any portion of a Qualified Development Asset is materially damaged, the value of such Qualified Development Asset shall be the amount assigned to such Qualified Development Asset prior to the damage less the amount (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) by which the casualty insurance proceeds that are owed or received in respect of such casualty event are insufficient to restore such Qualified Development Asset for a period of up to the lesser of (x) 365 days following such casualty event and (y) the date such Qualified Development Asset is restored and fully functional.   
    
     United States    and    U.S.    mean the United States of America. 
    
     Unrelated Person    means any Person other than (i) a Subsidiary of the Borrower, (ii) an employee stock ownership plan or other employee benefit plan covering the employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (iii) any Person that held Common Stock on the day prior to the effective date of the Borrower s registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 covering the initial public offering of Common Stock. 
    
     Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the aggregate Adjusted NOI from the Qualified Asset Pool Properties for that fiscal quarter and the preceding three full fiscal quarters, by (b) the aggregate Interest Charges for such period in respect of the  

unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt). The Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio shall be determined by the Borrower and such determination shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall exclude interest during construction to the extent capitalized. 
    
     Unsecured Leverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, the ratio (as expressed as a percentage) of (a) (i) aggregate unsecured Adjusted Total Indebtedness as of such date   minus   (ii) Obligor Subsidiary Debt as of such date   to   (b) (i) the Adjusted Unencumbered Asset Value as of such date   minus   (ii) the amount of unsecured Excluded Indebtedness (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt) deducted in the calculation of aggregate unsecured Adjusted Total Indebtedness pursuant to   clause (a)(i)   above. 
    
     Wholly Owned Subsidiary    means a Subsidiary of the Borrower, 100% of the capital stock or other equity interest of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower, except for director s qualifying shares and nominal shares issued to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Laws. 
    
     Write-Down and Conversion Powers    means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
  1.02        Other Interpretive Provisions  . 
    
  With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
    
  (a)        The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words  include,   includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation.   The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall.   Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words  herein,   hereof  and  hereunder,  and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof; (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words  asset  and  property  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
    
  (b)        In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word  from  means  from and including;  the words  to  and  until  each mean  to but excluding;  and the word  through  means  to and including.  
    
  (c)        Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

1.03        Accounting Terms/Financial Covenants  . 
    
  (a)        Generally  .  All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, the effects of FASB ASC 825     on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
    
  (b)        Changes in GAAP or Funds From Operations  .  If at any time any change in GAAP or the calculation of Funds From Operations would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or Funds From Operations (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower);   provided   that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP or Funds From Operations, as applicable, prior to such change therein and (ii) upon written request, the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders) financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP or Funds From Operations.  Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above. 
    
  (c)        Calculation of Financial Covenants  .  For purposes of calculation of the applicable financial covenants, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be given credit for properties held by an  exchange accommodation titleholder  pursuant to an exchange that qualifies as a reverse exchange under Section 1031 of the Code (including in the event any such property is subject to a mortgage in favor of, or for the benefit of, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries). 
    
  1.04        Times of Day  .   
    
  Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Pacific time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
    
  ARTICLE II 
    
  THE COMMITMENTS AND BORROWINGS 
    
  2.01        Term Loans  .   
    
  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to fund the portion of the Loan Amount represented by its Commitment to the Borrower on the Closing Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed such Lender s Commitment or the Loan Amount.  The initial Loans shall be in Dollars and drawn in a single Borrowing on the Closing Date.  The Lenders shall have no commitments hereunder to fund any additional Loans after the Borrowing on the Closing Date unless agreed to pursuant to   Section 2.15  .  To the extent all or any portion of the Loans are repaid or prepaid, they may not be reborrowed.  All Loans advanced on the Closing Date shall be Base Rate Loans unless the Borrower shall have delivered at least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, a funding indemnity letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  Thereafter, Loans may be Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Loans, as further provided herein. 

2.02        Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans  . 
    
  (a)        The Borrowing on the Closing Date, any Borrowing pursuant to the terms of   Section 2.15  , each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by   be given   by (A) telephone or (B) a Loan Notice;   provided   that any telephonic notice shall be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice.  Each such Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (i) 12:00 Noon three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) 12:00 Noon on the Business Day prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, and (iii) 12:00 Noon on the Business Day prior to the requested date of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans;   provided  ,   however  , that if the Borrower wishes to request Eurodollar Rate Loans having an Interest Period other than seven days, or one, two, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of  Interest Period , (x) the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 Noon four Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them and (y) not later than 12:00 Noon, three Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders.   Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $2,000,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof.  Each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof.  Each Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto.  If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or converted to, (x) if a Default or Event of Default then exists, Base Rate Loans and (y) if no Default or Event of Default exists, Eurodollar Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one month.  Any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans.  If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fail to specify an Interest Period, they will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 
    
  (b)        (i)        Following receipt of a Loan Notice in connection with the continuation or conversion of any Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans as described in the preceding subsection. 
    
  (ii)        In the case of a Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 11:00 a.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice.  Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in   Sections 4.01   and   4.02  , the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (A) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (B) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. 
    
  (c)        Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan.  During the existence of a Default or Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. 

(d)        The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate.  At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
    
  (e)        After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect with respect to Loans. 
    
  (f)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 
    
  2.03        [Reserved]  . 
    
  2.04        [Reserved]  . 
    
  2.05        Prepayments  .   
    
  The Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty;   provided   that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 Noon (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans and (B) on the Business Day prior to the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding.  Each such notice shall specify the date, the amount of such prepayment, and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid.  The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice and the contents thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment.  If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein;     provided  ,   however  , that a notice of voluntary prepayment pursuant to this   Section 2.05   may state that such notice is conditioned upon an event or other transaction, such as the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness, in which case such notice of prepayment pursuant to this   Section 2.05   may be revoked by the Borrower if such condition is not satisfied (subject to   Section 3.05(b)   for any notice of a prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans that is revoked).  Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to   Section 3.05  .    Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
    
  2.06        [Reserved]  . 
    
  2.07        Repayment of Loans  .     
    
  The Borrower shall repay on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding on such date, together with all interest and accrued fees related thereto. 
    
  2.08        Interest  . 
    
  (a)        Subject to the provisions of   subsection (b)   below, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a     rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period   plus   the Applicable Rate; and (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding  

principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate   plus   the Applicable Rate. 
    
  (b)        (i)        If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
    
  (ii)        If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
    
  (iii)        Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in   clause (b)(i)   above), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
    
  (iv)        Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
    
  (c)        Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (for interest accrued through the immediately preceding day), on the Maturity Date and at such other times as may be specified herein.  Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
    
  2.09        Fees  . 
    
  (a)        The Borrower shall pay to (i) the Administrative Agent, for its own account and for the account of the Lenders, and (ii) each applicable Arranger, for its own account, fees, in Dollars, in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letters.  Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
    
  (b)        The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders such fees, in Dollars, as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified.  Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
    
  2.10        Computation of Interest and Fees  . 
    
  All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed.  All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360 day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365 day year).  Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid;   provided   that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to   Section 2.12(a)  , bear interest for one day.  Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
    
  2.11        Evidence of Debt  .   
    
  The Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business.  The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Loans made  

by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon.  Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations.  In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.  Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) the applicable Note(s), which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records.  Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
    
  2.12        Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback  . 
    
  (a)        General  .  All payments to be made by a Credit Party shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by a Credit Party hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date specified herein.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States.  The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office.  All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 11:00 a.m. shall, solely for purposes of calculating interest, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest shall continue to accrue.  If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day     unless, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
    
           (b) 
    (i)        Funding by Lenders: Presumption by Administrative Agent  .  Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing     of Eurodollar Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 Noon on the date of such Borrowing), the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with   Section 2.02   (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by   Section 2.02  ) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount.  In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate,   plus   any reasonable administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to such Borrowing.  If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period.  If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing.  Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
       
  (ii)        Payments by Borrower: Presumptions by Administrative Agent  .  Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due.  In such event,  

if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment and without relieving the Borrower s obligation to make such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. 
    
  A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this   subsection (b)   shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
    
  (c)        Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent  .  If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this   Article II  , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Borrowing set forth in   Article IV     are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall promptly return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
    
  (d)        Obligations of Lenders Several  .  The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to make payments pursuant to   Section 10.04(c)   are several and not joint.  The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to make any payment under   Section 10.04(c)   on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or to make its payment under   Section 10.04(c)  . 
    
  (e)        Funding Source  .  Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
    
  2.13        Sharing of Payments by Lenders  .    If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Loans made by it resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Loans and accrued interest thereon greater than its   pro     rata   share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them,   provided   that: 
    
  (a)        if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 
    
  (b)        the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of a Credit Party pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender) or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
    
  Each Credit Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Credit Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Credit Party in the amount of such participation. 
    
  2.14        Extension of Maturity Date  . 
    
  (a)        Requests for Extension of Maturity Date  .  The Borrower may, up to two times during the term of this Agreement, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Lenders) not earlier than 90 days  

prior to, and not later than 30 days prior to, the Maturity Date then in effect hereunder (the    Existing Maturity Date   ), cause each Lender to extend such Lender s Existing Maturity Date for an additional six (6) months from the Existing Maturity Date and each Lender shall extend such Lender s Maturity Date for an additional six (6) months from the Existing Maturity Date in accordance with this   Section 2.14(a)   and subject to   subsection (b)   below. 
    
  (b)        Conditions to Effectiveness of Extensions  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an extension of the then Existing Maturity Date pursuant to this Section shall not be effective unless: 
    
  (i)        no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such extension and after giving effect thereto; 
    
  (ii)        the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects, on and as of the date of such extension and after giving effect thereto, as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (in each case, without duplication of materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations and warranties), and except that the representations and warranties contained in   subsections (a)   and   (d)   of   Section 5.05   shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements and projections furnished pursuant to   Sections 6.01(a)   and   6.02(b)  , respectively; and 
    
  (iii)        the Borrower pays the Administrative Agent, for distribution to the Lenders, based on their Applicable Percentages, an extension fee on or prior to the Existing Maturity Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) 0.075%,     multiplied by (ii) the Loan Amount at the time of such extension. 
    
  (c)        Conflicting Provisions  .  This Section shall supersede any provisions in   Section 2.13   or   10.01   to the contrary. 
    
  2.15        Increase in Commitments  . 
    
  (a)        New Term Tranches  .  The Borrower shall have the right from time to time, after the Closing Date and prior to the Maturity Date, and subject to the conditions set forth below, to request new tranches of term loans;   provided   that (i) no Default or Event of Default shall exist at the time of such new term tranche or after giving effect thereto, (ii) the representations and warranties contained in   Article V   and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects, on and as of the date of the funding of the new term tranche, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case, they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (in each case, without duplication of materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations and warranties), and except that for purposes of this   Section 2.15(a)  , the representations and warranties contained in   subsection (a)   of   Section 5.05   shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to   subsection (a)   of   Section 6.01  , (iii) no Lender shall be required to participate in any such term tranche without its written consent, (iv) the aggregate principal amount of such new term loan tranches after the Closing Date shall not exceed $250,000,000, (v) the maturity date for such new term loan tranche shall be the Maturity Date, (vi) the Borrower and the Lenders providing such term tranche shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement as is necessary to evidence such new term tranche and all issues related thereto, including but not limited to, pricing of such new term loan tranche, and all Lenders not providing such new term loan tranche hereby consent to such limited scope amendment without future consent rights, and (vii)   Schedule 2.01   shall be amended to reflect the addition of any term loan tranche and the commitments related thereto. 
    
  Any new term loan tranche may be provided by one or more existing Lenders (at the sole discretion of any such existing Lender) or by one or more institutions that is not an existing Lender;   provided   that any such new institution (A) must conform to the definition of Eligible Assignee and (B) must become a Lender under this Agreement by execution of a Lender Joinder Agreement or other documentation reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (b)        Conflicting Provisions  .  This   Section 2.15   shall supersede any provisions in   Section 2.13   or   10.01   to the contrary. 

2.16        Defaulting Lenders  . 
    
    (a)        Adjustments  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 
    
    (i)        Waivers and Amendments  .  Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of  Required Lenders  and   Section 10.01  . 
    
    (ii)        Defaulting Lender Waterfall  .  Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to   Article VIII   or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to   Section 10.08  , shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows:   first  , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder;   second  , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement;   third  , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and   fourth  , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction.  Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
    
    (b)        Defaulting Lender Cure  .  If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender;   provided   that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and   provided  ,   further  , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
    
  ARTICLE III 
    
  TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
    
  3.01        Taxes  . 
    
  (a)        Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold  .   
    
  (i)        Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws.  If any applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of a Credit Party or the Administrative Agent) require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Credit Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Credit Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to   subsection (e)   below. 

(ii)        If any Credit Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding Taxes, from any payment, then (A) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to   subsection (e)   below, (B) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this   Section 3.01(a)(ii)  ) the applicable Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
    
  (iii)        If any Credit Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to   subsection (e)   below, (B) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the applicable Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this   Section 3.01(a)(iii)  ) the Administrative Agent or the applicable Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
    
  (b)        Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower  .  Without limiting the provisions of   subsection (a)   above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 
    
  (c)        Indemnification for Taxes  . 
    
  (i)  Each Credit Party, to the extent the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender were not previously indemnified pursuant to   Section 3.01(a)  , shall and does hereby indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this   Section 3.01  ) payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such amounts, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Credit Party shall, and does hereby indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to   Section 3.01(c)(ii)   below. 
    
  (ii)  Each Lender shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that a Credit Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of any Credit Party to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Credit Party, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender's failure to comply with the provisions of   Section 10.06(d)   relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Credit Party, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Credit Party in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Lender hereby authorizes the  

Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this   clause (ii)  . 
    
  (d)        Evidence of Payments  .  As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by a Credit Party to a Governmental Authority as provided for in this   Section 3.01  , such Credit Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (e)        Status of the Administrative Agent and Lenders.     
    
  (i)  Any of the Administrative Agent or any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, the Administrative Agent or any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in   Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A)  ,   (ii)(B)   and   (ii)(D)   below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
  (ii)  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,    
  (A)  the Administrative Agent or any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which the Administrative Agent or such Lender becomes a party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;  
  (B)  any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
  (I)  in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  interest  article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  business profits  or  other income  article of such tax treaty; 
  (II)  executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
  (III)  in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit H-1   to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a  bank  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a  10 percent shareholder  of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a  controlled foreign corporation  described  

in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a    U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate   ) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or 
  (IV)  to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W 8ECI, IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit H-2   or   Exhibit H-3  , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;   provided   that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit H-4   on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
  (C)        any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
  (D)        if a payment made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if the Administrative Agent or such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that the Administrative Agent or such Lender has complied with such party's obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this   clause (D)  ,  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
  (iii)  The Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this   Section 3.01   expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
  (f)        Treatment of Certain Refunds  .  Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender.  If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Credit Party or with respect to which any Credit Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this   Section 3.01  , it shall pay to such Credit Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out of pocket expenses (including Taxes) and net of any loss or gain realized in the conversion of such funds from or to another currency of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund),   provided   that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, in a less favorable net  

after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.  This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person or to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of any Credit Party any refund of any Taxes. 
    
  (g)           Grandfathered Obligations   .  For purposes of determining withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA, from and after the Closing Date, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) the Loans as not qualifying as a  grandfathered obligation  within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i).  
    
  (h)        Survival  .  Each party s obligations under this   Section 3.01   shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
    
  3.02        Illegality  . 
    
  If any Lender determines in good faith that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Eurodollar Rate Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist.  Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate.  Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.   
    
  3.03        Inability to Determine Rates  . 
       
    If in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a conversion thereto or continuation thereof (a) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine in good faith that for any reason that (i) deposits are not being offered to banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Rate Loan or (ii) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan or in connection with an existing proposed Base Rate Loan (in each case with respect to   clause (a)(i)     above,    Impacted Loans   ), or (b) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine in good faith that for any reason the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender.  Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans  

in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended, and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurodollar Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice.  Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. 
    
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in   clause (a)(i)     of this Section, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower and the Required Lenders, may establish an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the Impacted Loans until (x) the Administrative Agent revokes the notice delivered with respect to the Impacted Loans under   clause (a)(i)   of this Section, (y) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding the Impacted Loans, or (z) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the Borrower written notice thereof. 
    
  3.04        Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans  . 
    
  (a)        Increased Costs Generally  .  If any Change in     Law shall: 
    
  (i)        impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by   Section 3.04(e)  ); or 
    
  (ii)        subject any Lender to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in   clauses (b)   through   (e)   of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 
    
  (iii)        impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Loans made by such Lender or participation therein (other than with respect to Taxes, which shall be governed solely by   Section 3.01  ); 
    
  and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender, which such Lender deems material in its reasonable discretion, of making or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
    
  (b)        Capital Requirements  .  If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity ratios or requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material in its reasonable discretion, then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

(c)        Certificates for Reimbursement  .  A certificate of a Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the calculation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in   subsection (a)   or   (b)   of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
    
  (d)        Delay in Requests  .  Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation,   provided   that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than three months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the three month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
    
  (e)        Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans  .  The Borrower shall pay to each Lender (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as  Eurocurrency liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Eurodollar Rate Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), which in each case, shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan;   provided  , the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days  prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender.  If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or costs shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice.  Any Lender which gives notice under this   Section 3.04(e)   shall promptly withdraw such notice (by written notice of withdrawal given to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) in the event such Lender is no longer required to maintain such reserves or the circumstances giving rise to such notice shall otherwise cease to exist. 
    
  Notwithstanding anything contained in this   Section 3.04  , the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any greater amounts than such Lender(s) is (are) generally charging other borrowers on loans similarly situated to the Borrower that are parties to similar credit agreements. 
    
  3.05        Compensation for Losses  . 
    
  Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
    
  (a)        any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 
    
  (b)        any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert to any Eurodollar Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; or 
    
  (c)        any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to   Section 10.13  ; 

including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract (but excluding any loss of anticipated profits).  The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
    
  For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this   Section 3.05  , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Rate used in determining the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank eurodollar market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation for such amounts, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
    
  3.06        Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders  . 
    
  (a)        Designation of a Different Lending Office  .  If any Lender requests compensation under   Section 3.04  , or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to   Section 3.01  , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to   Section 3.02  , then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to   Section 3.01   or   3.04  , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to   Section 3.02  , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender.  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
    
  (b)        Replacement of Lenders  .  If any Lender requests compensation under   Section 3.04  , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to   Section 3.01  , and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with   Section 3.06(a)  , or if material amounts are paid to such Lender under   Section 3.05  , the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with   Section 10.13  . 
    
  3.07        Survival  . 
    
  All of the Borrower s obligations under this   Article III   shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 

ARTICLE IV 
    
  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO EFFECTIVENESS OF 
  THIS AGREEMENT AND THE BORROWING 
    
  4.01        Conditions of Effectiveness of this Agreement  . 
    
  The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligation of each Lender to make its Loan on the Closing Date hereunder is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
    
  (a)        The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies or other electronic imaging transmission (e.g.  pdf  via e-mail) (followed promptly by originals to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent) and unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Credit Party (to the extent applicable), each dated the Closing Date (or,  

in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: 
    
  (i)        executed counterparts of this Agreement; 
    
  (ii)        a Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note; 
    
  (iii)        such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Credit Party as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized as of the date hereof to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Credit Party is a party; 
    
  (iv)        such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Credit Party is duly organized or formed (including, without limitation, articles or certificates of incorporation or other charter documents and bylaws or other governance documents of each Credit Party), and that each Credit Party is validly existing and in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization and the tax identification number for each Credit Party; 
    
  (v)        favorable opinions of counsel to the Credit Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to the matters concerning the Credit Parties and the Loan Documents as the Required Lenders may reasonably request; 
    
  (vi)        a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party and the validity against such Credit Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (other than such consents and approvals delivered pursuant to   Section 4.01(a)(iii)  ), and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required (other than such consents and approvals delivered pursuant to   Section 4.01(a)(iii)  ); 
    
  (vii)        a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in   Sections 4.02(a)   and   (b)   have been satisfied, (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, and (C) the Debt Rating as of the Closing Date;  
    
  (viii)        payment instructions for cash proceeds of the Loan Amount received by the Borrower on the Closing Date; 
    
  (ix)        a letter from the agent under the Existing Credit Agreement evidencing that all amounts outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement constituting principal and interest have been, or concurrently with the Closing Date, are being repaid in full and that the Existing Credit Agreement is terminated (except as to any provision thereof that, pursuant to the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement, survives such termination); and 
    
  (x)        such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders reasonably may require. 
    
  (b)        Any fees required to be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or the Lenders on or before the Closing Date in connection with this Agreement shall have been, or concurrently with the Closing Date are being, paid. 

(c)        Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced prior to the Closing Date,   plus   such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (  provided   that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 
    
  Without limiting the generality of the provisions of   Section 9.04  , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this   Section 4.01  , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
    
  4.02        Additional Conditions to Borrowing  . 
    
  The obligation of each Lender to make its Loan pursuant to   Section 2.15   is subject to the following conditions precedent: 
    
  (a)        The representations and warranties of each Credit Party contained in   Article V   or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the date of Borrowing in all material respects, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (in each case, without duplication of materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations and warranties), and except that for purposes of this   Section 4.02  , the representations and warranties contained in   subsection (a)   of   Section 5.05   shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to   subsection (a)   of   Section 6.01  . 
    
  (b)        No Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from the proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
    
  (c)        The Administrative Agent shall have received a Loan Notice in accordance with the requirements hereof. 
  ARTICLE V 
    
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
    
  Each Credit Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
    
  5.01        Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws  . 
    
  Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization except to the extent permitted by   Section 7.03   or   10.20  , (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license, and (d) is in compliance with all Laws; except in each case referred to in   clause (a)   (solely as to Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties),   (b)(i)  ,   (c)   or   (d)  , to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.02        Authorization; No Contravention  . 
    
  The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not  

(a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law, except, in each case referred to in   clause (b)   or   (c)  , as contemplated hereunder or to the extent such conflict, breach, contravention or violation, or creation of any such Lien or required payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.03        Governmental Authorization; Other Consents  . 
    
  No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Credit Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document other than those that have already been duly made or obtained and remain in full force and effect or those which, if not made or obtained, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.04        Binding Effect  . 
    
  This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Credit Party party thereto.  This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Credit Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 
    
  5.05        Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect  . 
    
  (a)        The Audited Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. 
    
  (b)        The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to   Section 6.01(b)   for the most recent fiscal quarter end, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, subject to the absence of footnotes and to normal year end audit adjustments. 
    
  (c)        Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  (d)        The consolidated financial projections of the Borrower previously delivered to the Administrative Agent for the 2016, 2017 and 2018 fiscal years were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts (it being understood that such financial projections are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, which may be beyond the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and that no assurance is given by the Borrower that such projections will be realized). 
    
  5.06        Litigation  . 
    
  There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against any Credit Party or any of their Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) challenge the validity or  

enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (b) either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.07        No Default  . 
    
  No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
    
  5.08        Ownership of Property  . 
    
  Each of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title in fee simple (subject to the rights of other parties as owners of condominium units)     to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   
  5.09        Environmental Compliance  . 
    
  The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries are not in violation of any Environmental Laws and not subject to liabilities or claims thereunder that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.10        Insurance  . 
    
  The properties of each Credit Party and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Credit Parties, in such amounts and with such deductibles and covering such risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where such Credit Party or the applicable Subsidiary operates. 
    
  5.11        Taxes  . 
    
  The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other Tax returns and reports required to be filed and have paid all Federal, state and other taxes, assessments, fees and other Taxes levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP (to the extent required by GAAP) or (b) where failure to comply with the foregoing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There is no proposed tax assessment against a Credit Party or any of their Subsidiaries that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.12        ERISA Compliance  . 
    
  (a)        Except as could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance in all respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws.  Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Pension Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Service.  To the knowledge of the Credit Parties, nothing has occurred that would cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 
    
  (b)        There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, threatened in writing claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c)        (i) Except as could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect, no ERISA Event has occurred, and neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan; (ii) each Credit Party and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60% or higher except where the failure to attain such funding target attainment percentage could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect, and neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60% as of the most recent valuation date except where such drop in funding target attainment percentage could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA. 
    
  5.13        Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act; REIT Status  . 
    
  (a)        Neither the making of any Loan hereunder nor the use of proceeds thereof will violate the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the FRB. 
    
  (b)        None of the Credit Parties is or is required to be registered as an  investment company  under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
    
  (c)        The Borrower currently has REIT Status. 
    
  5.14        Disclosure  . 
    
  No report, financial statement, certificate or written information (other than projected financial information and information of a general economic or general industry nature) furnished by or on behalf of any Credit Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, taken as a whole and as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading;   provided   that, with respect to projected financial information, the Credit Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Credit Parties to be reasonable at the time made (it being understood that such financial projections are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, which may be beyond the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and that no assurance is given by the Borrower that such projections will be realized). 
    
  5.15        Compliance with Laws  . 
    
  Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.16        Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 
    
  Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively,    IP Rights   ) that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, without conflict with the rights of any other Person except to the extent that failure to so own or possess such IP Rights or any such conflict, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No claim or litigation regarding any of  

the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.17        EEA Financial Institution  . 
    
  Neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 
    
    5.18        Property. 
    
  All of the Credit Parties  and their respective Subsidiaries  Properties are in good repair and condition, subject to ordinary wear and tear, other than with respect to deferred maintenance existing as of the date of acquisition of such Property and except for such defects relating to properties which, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.19        OFAC  .  
    
  Neither the Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, is Controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. 
    
  5.20        Solvency  . 
    
  As of the Closing Date and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including all of the Loans made hereunder, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) are Solvent. 
    
  5.21        Anti-Corruption Laws  . 
    
  No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, in violation of the laws of the United States or other jurisdiction, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the UK Bribery Act 2010. 
    
  ARTICLE VI 
    
  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
    
  So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnity obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, the Credit Parties shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in   Sections 6.01  ,   6.02   and   6.03  ) cause each Subsidiary to: 
    
  6.01        Financial Statements  . 
    
  Deliver to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall deliver to each Lender): 
    
  (a)        Within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the consolidated statements of income, stockholders  equity and cash flows, in each case of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, all in reasonable detail.  Such financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, audited     and shall be accompanied by a report of Ernst   Young LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing, which report and opinion     shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards as at such date, and shall not be subject to any  going concern  or like qualifications or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of the audit; and 

(b)        Within 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter (other than the fourth fiscal quarter in any fiscal year), the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the consolidated statements of income and cash flows for such fiscal quarter, and the portion of the fiscal year ended with such fiscal quarter, all in reasonable detail.  Such financial statements shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP (other than footnote disclosures), consistently applied, as at such date and for such periods, subject only to normal year end accruals and audit adjustments. 
    
  6.02        Certificates; Other Information  . 
    
  Deliver to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall deliver to each Lender), in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 
    
  (a)        Concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in   Sections 6.01(a)   and   (b)  , a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer; 
    
  (b)        No later than 90 days after the commencement of each fiscal year, an annual forecast for the then-current fiscal year in reasonable detail; 
    
  (c)        [Reserved]; 
    
  (d)        Promptly after the same are available, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after filing with the SEC, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all publicly available annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to   Section 6.01   or other provisions of this   Section 6.02  ; 
    
  (e)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the occurrence of any (i) Reportable Event or (ii) non exempt  prohibited transaction  (as such term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Pension Plan or any trust created thereunder that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a material liability, written notice thereof and specifying what action the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto, and, when known, any action taken by the IRS with respect thereto; 
    
  (f)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Default or Event of Default, written notice thereof and specifying what action the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; 
    
  (g)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware that any Person has commenced a legal proceeding with respect to a claim against the Credit Parties or their respective Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice describing the pertinent facts relating thereto and what action Borrower or its Subsidiaries are taking or propose to take with respect thereto; 
    
  (h)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of a change in the Debt Rating, written notice of such change; 
    
  (i)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware, notice of any material change in accounting policies by the Borrower or any other Credit Party (except to the extent disclosed in the financial statements next delivered pursuant to   Section 6.01  ); and 

(j)        Such other data and information with respect to the Borrower or any Subsidiary as from time to time may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
    
  Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Credit Parties post such documents, or provide a link thereto on the Credit Parties  website on the Internet at the website address listed on   Schedule 10.02   or on such other website as set forth in a written notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Credit Parties  behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent), including the SEC s EDGAR website;   provided   that the Credit Parties shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent for any Lender that requests in writing to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that the Credit Parties deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender.  The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Credit Parties with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
    
  The Credit Parties hereby acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Credit Parties hereunder (collectively,    Borrower Materials   ) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the    Platform   ) and (b) certain of the Lenders may be  public side  Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material non public information with respect to the Credit Parties or their securities) (each, a    Public Lender   ).  The Credit Parties hereby agree that (w) all Borrower Materials (other than SEC Reports) that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked  PUBLIC  which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word  PUBLIC  shall appear prominently on the first page thereof, (x) by marking Borrower Materials  PUBLIC,  the Credit Parties shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as either publicly available information or not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws; (y) all SEC Reports and all Borrower Materials marked  PUBLIC  are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated  Public Investor;  and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials (other than SEC Reports) that are not marked  PUBLIC  as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated  Public Investor.   The Credit Parties shall be in compliance with all requirements to deliver information under this Agreement if they have made such information available to the Administrative Agent and, to the extent required, Lenders other than Public Lenders, and the failure of Public Lenders to receive information made available to other Lenders shall not result in any breach of this Agreement. 
    
  6.03        Payment of Obligations  . 
    
  Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless (a) the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Credit Parties or such Subsidiary (to the extent required by GAAP) or (b) the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  6.04        Preservation of Existence, Etc  . 
    
  (a)        Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect the legal existence and good standing of the Credit Parties under the Laws of the jurisdiction of their organization except in a transaction permitted by   Sections 7.03   or   10.20  ; and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.05        Maintenance of Properties  . 
    
  (a)        Maintain, preserve and protect all of its properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and subject to exceptions for extraordinary or reasonably unforeseeable events in each case except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof in a reasonably timely manner except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  6.06        Maintenance of Insurance  . 
    
  Maintain liability, casualty and other insurance (subject to customary deductibles and retentions) with responsible insurance companies in such amounts and against such risks as is customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar assets in the general areas in which the Credit Parties or such Subsidiaries, as applicable, operate. 
    
  6.07        Compliance with Laws  . 
    
  Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws (including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010)     and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  6.08        Books and Records  . 
    
  (a)        Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries true and correct in all material respects are made in conformity with GAAP consistently applied; and (b) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries, as the case may be. 
    
  6.09        Inspection Rights  . 
    
  Permit the Lenders, through the Administrative Agent or any representative designated by the Administrative Agent, at the Credit Parties  expense, to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries (subject to the rights of any tenants), to examine the books of account of the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries (and to make copies thereof and extracts therefrom) and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries with, and to be advised as to the same by, their Responsible Officers, all at such reasonable times (during normal business hours) and intervals as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request upon not less than four (4) Business Days  notice;   provided  ,   however  , that inspections made at the Credit Parties  expense shall be limited to once per year, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.  The Lenders shall use good faith efforts to coordinate such visits and inspections so as to minimize the interference with and disruption to the Credit Parties  or such Subsidiaries  normal business operations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this   Section 6.09  , no Credit Party nor any of their Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of extracts, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (i) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent (or its designated representative) or any Lender is then prohibited by law or any agreement binding on any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
    
  6.10        Use of Proceeds  . 
    
  Use the proceeds of the Loans for (a) the repayment of obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement and (b) general corporate purposes not in contravention of any Laws or any Loan Documents. 

ARTICLE VII 
    
  NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
    
  So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnity obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, each Credit Party shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: 
    
  7.01        [  Reserved]  . 
    
  7.02        [  Reserved]  . 
    
  7.03        Fundamental Changes  . 
    
  Merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate with or into another Person, except that, so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and subject to the proviso below, (a) a Credit Party may merge or consolidate with or into one or more other Credit Parties, (b) any Subsidiary (other than the Operating Partnership) may merge or consolidate with or into a Credit Party or another Subsidiary or may dissolve or liquidate, or (c) any other merger, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation that does not result in a Change of Control shall be permitted;   provided  , that (i) if the Borrower or the Operating Partnership is a party to any merger or consolidation permitted under this   Section 7.03  , it shall be the surviving entity, and (ii) in no event shall the Borrower and the Operating Partnership be permitted to merge or consolidate with each other. 
    
  7.04        Restricted Payments  . 
    
  In the case of the Borrower, make any Restricted Payment if an Event of Default exists except so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under   Section 8.01(a)   or would result therefrom, such Restricted Payment shall be permitted (i) in an amount not to exceed the greater of (A) the amount which, when added to the amount of all other Restricted Payments paid by the Borrower in the same fiscal quarter and the preceding three fiscal quarters, would not exceed 95% of Funds From Operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the four consecutive fiscal quarters ending prior to the fiscal quarter in which such Restricted Payment is paid and (B) the minimum amount of Restricted Payments required (I) under the Code to maintain and preserve Borrower s REIT Status or (II) to avoid the payment of federal or state income or excise tax;   provided     however  , that if an Event of Default under   Section 8.01(a)   has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may only make Restricted Payments in the minimum amount necessary to comply with Section 857(a) of the Code and maintain the Borrower s REIT Status. 
    
  7.05        Change in Nature of Business  . 
    
  Make any material change in the principal nature of the business of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries, such business being the acquisition, ownership, management, development and renovation of real property and buildings for use as office, office/laboratory, research, health sciences, technology or manufacturing/warehouse properties and related real property (and appurtenant amenities). 
    
  7.06        Transactions with Affiliates  . 
    
  Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Credit Parties or their respective Subsidiaries other than (a) salary, bonus, employee stock option, relocation assistance and other compensation arrangements with directors or officers in the ordinary course of business, (b) transactions that are fully disclosed to the board of directors of the Borrower and expressly authorized by a resolution of the board of directors of the Borrower which is approved by a majority of the directors not having an interest in the transaction, (c) transactions permitted by this Agreement, (d) transactions between or among Credit Parties and Subsidiaries and (e) transactions on overall terms substantially as favorable to Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries as would be the case in an arm s length transaction between unrelated parties. 

7.07        Burdensome Agreements  . 
    
  Enter into any agreement, instrument or transaction which prohibits any Credit Party s ability to pledge to Administrative Agent any Qualified Asset Pool Property.  The Credit Parties, and their respective Subsidiaries, shall take such actions as are necessary to preserve the right and ability of the Credit Parties, and their respective Subsidiaries, to pledge to Administrative Agent for the benefit of Lenders the     Qualified Asset Pool Properties without any such pledge after the date hereof causing or permitting the acceleration (after the giving of notice or the passage of time, or otherwise) of any other Indebtedness of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries.   
    
  7.08        [  Reserved  ]. 
    
  7.09        Financial Covenants  . 
    
  (a)        Permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to be less than 1.50:1.00. 
    
  (b)        (i)        Subject to   clause (ii)   below, permit the Secured Debt Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to exceed 45.0%; or  
    
  (ii)        subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition, permit the Secured Debt Ratio, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs and as of the last day of each of the three consecutive fiscal quarters following such Material Acquisition, to exceed 50.0%. 
    
  (c)        (i)        Subject to   clause (ii)   below, permit the Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to exceed 60.0%; or 
    
  (ii)        subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition, permit the Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs and as of the last day of each of the three consecutive fiscal quarters following such Material Acquisition, to exceed 65.0%. 
    
  (d)        Permit the Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to be less than 1.50 to 1.00. 
    
  (e)        (i)        Subject to   clause (ii)   below, permit the Unsecured Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to exceed 60.0%; or 
    
  (ii)        subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition, permit the Unsecured Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs and as of the last day of each of the three consecutive fiscal quarters following such Material Acquisition, to exceed 65.0%. 
    
  7.10        Sanctions  . 
    
    Knowingly directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Loan, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity in violation of Sanctions, or in any Designated Jurisdiction in violation of Sanctions, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

ARTICLE VIII 
    
  EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
    
  8.01        Events of Default  . 
    
  Any of the following shall constitute an    Event of Default   : 
    
  (a)        Non Payment  .  Any Credit Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan, any fee due hereunder or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 
    
  (b)        Specific Covenants  .  Any Credit Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in   Article VII  ; or 
    
  (c)        Other Defaults  .  Any Credit Party or Subsidiary fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in   subsection (a)   or   (b)   above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 Business Days following written notice by Administrative Agent or, if such Default is not reasonably susceptible of cure within such period, within such longer period as is reasonably necessary to effect a cure so long as such Credit Party or such Subsidiary continues to diligently pursue cure of such Default but not in any event in excess of 60 Business Days; or 
    
  (d)        Representations and Warranties  .  Any representation or warranty by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries made in any Loan Document, or in any certificate or other writing delivered by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any Loan Document, proves to have been incorrect when made or reaffirmed in any respect that is materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders; or 
    
  (e)        Cross Default  .  Any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries (i) fails to pay the principal, or any principal installment, of any Indebtedness (other than Non Recourse Debt) of $100,000,000 or more required on its part to be paid when due (or within any stated grace period), whether at the stated maturity, upon acceleration, by reason of required prepayment or otherwise or (ii) fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement on its part to be performed or observed, or suffers any event of default to occur, in connection with any Indebtedness (other than Non Recourse Debt) of $100,000,000 or more, if as a result of such failure or sufferance any holder or holders thereof (or an agent or trustee on its or their behalf) has the right (after giving effect to any notice or grace periods applicable thereto) to declare such Indebtedness due before the date on which it otherwise would become due or the right (after giving effect to any notice or grace periods applicable thereto) to require a Credit Party or any such Subsidiary to redeem or purchase, or offer to redeem or purchase, all or any portion of such Indebtedness (  provided  , that for the purpose of this   subsection (e)  , the principal amount of Indebtedness consisting of a Swap Contract shall be the amount which is then payable by the counterparty to close out the Swap Contract); or 
    
  (f)        Insolvency Proceedings, Etc  .  Any Credit Party or any Subsidiary institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 
    
  (g)        Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment  .  (i) Any Credit Party or any Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant  

of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy; or 
    
  (h)        Judgments  .  There is entered against any Credit Party or any Subsidiary a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding $100,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), and (i) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (ii) such judgment or order shall continue unsatisfied and in effect for a period of 30 consecutive days without being vacated, discharged, satisfied or stayed or bonded pending appeal; or 
    
  (i)        ERISA  .  An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the Credit Parties or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 
    
  (j)        Invalidity of Loan Documents  .  Any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or relating to the satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Credit Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document; or any Credit Party denies that it has any liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document (except as specifically contemplated hereunder or thereunder); or 
    
  (k)        Change of Control  .  There occurs any Change of Control. 
    
  8.02        Remedies Upon Event of Default  . 
    
  If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 
    
  (a)        declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Credit Parties; and 
    
  (b)        exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents; 
    
  provided,     however  , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any one or more of the Credit Parties under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
    
  8.03        Application of Funds  . 
    
  After the exercise of remedies provided for in   Section 8.02   (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to   Section 8.02  ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: 
    
  First  , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under   Article III  ) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 

Second  , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender) and amounts payable under   Article III  ), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause   Second   payable to them; 
    
  Third  , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause   Third   payable to them; 
    
  Fourth  , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause   Fourth   held by them; and 
    
  Last  , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the Credit Parties or as otherwise required by Law. 
    
  ARTICLE IX 
    
  ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
    
  9.01        Appointment and Authority  . 
    
  Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and, except as set forth in   Section 9.06  , neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.  It is understood and agreed that the use of the term  agent  herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
    
  9.02        Rights as a Lender  . 
    
  The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term  Lender  or  Lenders  shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity.  Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with a Credit Party or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.   
    
  9.03        Exculpatory Provisions  . 
    
  The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 
    
  (a)        shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
    
  (b)        shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other  

number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents),   provided   that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law; including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 
    
  (c)        shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Credit Parties or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
    
  The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number, percentage or class of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in   Sections 10.01   and   8.02  ) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment.  The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender. 
    
  The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in   Article IV   or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
    
  9.04        Reliance by Administrative Agent  . 
    
  The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.  The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan.  The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
    
  9.05        Delegation of Duties  . 
    
  The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties.  The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 

9.06        Successor Administrative Agent  . 
    
    (a)        The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower.  The Required Lenders may remove the Administrative Agent from its capacity as Administrative Agent in the event of the Administrative Agent s willful misconduct or gross negligence     or if the Person serving as the Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to   clause (d)   of the definition thereof.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation or the removal of the Administrative Agent as Administrative Agent hereunder, the Required Lenders shall have the right (with the consent of the Borrower provided there does not exist an Event of Default at such time), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States.  If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders (with the consent of the Borrower provided there does not exist an Event of Default at such time) and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation or the Required Lenders remove the Administrative Agent hereunder, then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above;   provided   that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice (the    Retirement Effective Date   ).   
    
    (b)        With effect from the Retirement Effective Date: (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section.  Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in   Section 3.01(f)   and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or remove Administrative Agent as of the Retirement Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section).  The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor.  After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and   Section 10.04   shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including (A) acting as collateral agent or otherwise holding any collateral security on behalf of any of the Lenders and (B) in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
    
  9.07        Non Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders  . 
    
  Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.  Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 

9.08        No Other Duties, Etc  . 
    
  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Syndication Agents, the Documentation Agents or Arrangers listed on the cover page hereof or the Managing Agents or any additional titled agents which may be added thereto from time to time shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. 
    
  9.09        Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim  . 
    
  In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Credit Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
    
  (a)        to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, indemnification, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under   Sections 2.09   and   10.04  ) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
    
  (b)        to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, indemnification, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under   Sections 2.09   and   10.04  . 
    
  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
    
  9.10        Collateral and Borrower Matters  . 
    
  The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion and the Administrative Agent hereby agrees: 
    
  (a)        to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations), (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale not prohibited hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (iii) subject to   Section 10.01  , if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders; and 
    
  (b)        to release a Guarantor (other than the Operating Partnership) from liability for the Obligations in accordance with   Section 10.20  . 
    
  Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property. 

9.11        No Obligations of Credit Parties  . 
    
  Nothing contained in this   Article IX   shall be deemed to impose upon the Credit Parties any obligation in respect of the due and punctual performance by the Administrative Agent of its obligations to the Lenders under any provision of this Agreement, and the Credit Parties shall have no liability to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders in respect of any failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to perform any of its obligations to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under this Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, where any provision of this Agreement relating to the payment of any amounts due and owing under the Loan Documents provides that such payments shall be made by the Credit Parties to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, the Credit Parties  obligations to the Lenders in respect of such payments shall be deemed to be satisfied upon the making of such payments to the Administrative Agent in the manner provided by this Agreement. 

ARTICLE X 
    
  MISCELLANEOUS 
    
  10.01        Amendments, Etc  . 
    
  No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Credit Parties therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the written concurrence of the Required Lenders) and the Credit Parties, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given;   provided  ,   however  , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
    
  (a)        waive any condition set forth in   Section 4.01(a)   without the written consent of each Lender; 
    
  (b)        extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (subject to   Sections 2.14   and     2.15  ); 
    
  (c)        postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal or payment of interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (subject to   Section 2.14  ); 
    
  (d)        reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or (subject to   clause (ii)   of the second proviso to this   Section 10.01  ) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;   provided  ,   however  , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of  Default Rate  or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate; 
    
  (e)        change   Section 2.13   or   Section 8.03   in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender (subject to   Section 2.16  ); 
    
  (f)        change any provision of this Section or any percentage specified in the definition of  Required Lenders  or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (subject to   Section 2.16  ); or 
    
  (g)        release (i) the Borrower or (ii) the Operating Partnership, as a Credit Party hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; 
    
  and,   provided     further  , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this  

Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (ii) a Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto.  
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender (subject to   Section 2.14   and   2.15  ) and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
    
  10.01A        Conforming Amendments  . 
    
  In the event that there is a proposal to modify, waive or restate, or request a consent or approval with respect to, any of the Revolving Credit Loan Documents with respect to a provision or term that is also in a Loan Document (including but not limited to a written waiver of an existing actual or potential Default or Event of Default that is intended to be eliminated by such modification, restatement or waiver) (each of the foregoing, a    Conforming Amendment   ), then, subject to the approval of the Required Lenders, simultaneously with such Conforming Amendment(s) taking effect under such Revolving Credit Loan Documents, all corresponding provisions contained in the Loan Documents shall be deemed modified or restated, or such waiver, consent or approval granted, in a manner corresponding to the Conforming Amendment(s), unless such modification, restatement, waiver, consent or approval requires the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby under the terms of this   Section 10.01  .  If requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver a written amendment to, restatement of, or waiver, consent or approval under, the applicable Loan Document to memorialize any Conforming Amendment that is deemed to apply to such documentation in accordance with the prior sentence.  In addition, the Borrower will be obligated to pay to Administrative Agent and the Lenders fees calculated in the same manner as any fees that the Borrower pays to the agents and the lenders under the Revolving Credit Agreement in connection with any Conforming Amendment (excluding any up-front fee, extension fee, or other similar fee paid in connection with an increase in the commitment amount under or an extension of the term of the Revolving Credit Agreement, except to the extent that there is a corresponding increase in Commitments hereunder or extension of the term hereof). 
    
  10.02        Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication  . 
    
  (a)        Notices Generally  .  Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in   subsection (b)   below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
    
  (i)        if to a Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on   Schedule 10.02   and 
    
  (ii)        if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
    
  Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient).  Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in   subsection (b)     below, shall be effective as provided in such   subsection (b)  . 

(b)        Electronic Communications  .  Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail, FpML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent,   provided   that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to   Article II   if such Lender, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication.  The Administrative Agent or a Credit Party may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to such Person(s) hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by such Person(s),   provided   that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
    
  Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the  return receipt requested  function, as available, return e mail or other written acknowledgement),   provided   that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e mail address as described in the foregoing   clause (i)   of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
    
  (c)        The Platform  .  THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED  AS IS  AND  AS AVAILABLE.   THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS.  NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM.  In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the    Agent Parties   ) have any liability to the Credit Parties, any Lender, or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Credit Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party;   provided  ,   however  , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Credit Party, any Lender, or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
    
  (d)        Change of Address, Etc  .  Each of the Credit Parties and the Administrative Agent may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.  Each Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.  In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. 
    
  (e)        Reliance by Administrative Agent and Lenders  .  The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Credit Parties even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof.  The Credit Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Credit Parties except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Related Party.  All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Credit Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with   Section 8.02   for the benefit of all the Lenders;   provided  ,   however  , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with   Section 10.08   (subject to the terms of   Section 2.13  ), or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Credit Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and   provided  ,   further  , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to   Section 8.02   and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in   clauses (b)   and   (c)   of the preceding proviso and subject to   Section 2.13  , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
    
  10.03        No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies  . 
    
  No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay     by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.  The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided and provided under each other Loan Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
    
  10.04        Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver  . 
    
  (a)        Costs and Expenses  .  The Credit Parties shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent (limited to one counsel, and, if applicable, one local counsel in each material jurisdiction)), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans. 
    
  (b)        Indemnification by the Credit Parties  .  The Credit Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub agent thereof) and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an    Indemnitee   ) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Credit Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Credit Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto,     in all cases, whether  

or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Indemnitee  ;   provided   that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by any Credit Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if such Credit Party has obtained a final and non-appealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.  This   Section 10.04(b)   shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
    
  (c)        Reimbursement by Lenders  .  To the extent that the Credit Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under   subsection (a)   or   (b)   of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, and without limiting the obligation of the Credit Parties to do so, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount,   provided   that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub agent) in connection with such capacity.  The obligations of the Lenders under this   subsection (c)   are subject to the provisions of   Section 2.12(d)  . 
    
  (d)        Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc  .  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee and any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof.  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein with respect to the waiver by the Indemnitees of claims for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages), such waiver by the Indemnitees shall not affect the indemnification obligations of the Credit Parties under this   Section 10.04  .  No Indemnitee referred to in   subsection (b)   above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby except to the extent of actual or direct damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Indemnitee as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment. 
    
  (e)        Payments  .  All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor (accompanied by reasonable back up documentation). 
    
  (f)        Survival  .  The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the passage of the Maturity Date and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
    
  10.05        Payments Set Aside  . 
    
  To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Credit Parties is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent,   plus   interest thereon  

from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect.  The obligations of the Lenders under   clause (b)   of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
    
  10.06        Successors and Assigns  . 
    
  (a)        Successors and Assigns Generally  .  The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that none of the Credit Parties may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of   subsection (b)   of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of   subsection (d)   of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment, or grant of a security interest, subject to the restrictions of   subsection (f)   of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in   subsection (d)   of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement 
    
  (b)        Assignments by Lenders  .  Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans);   provided   that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
    
  (i)        Minimum Amounts  . 
    
  (A)        in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 
    
  (B)        in any case not described in   subsection (b)(i)(A)   of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if    Trade Date    is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);   provided  ,   however  , that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single assignee (or to an assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met; 
    
  (ii)        Proportionate Amounts  .  Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned; 
    
    (iii)        Required Consents  .  No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by   subsection (b)(i)(B)   of this Section and, in addition: 
    
  (A)        the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund;   provided   that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall  

object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after having received notice thereof; and 
    
  (B)        the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender. 
    
    (iv)        Assignment and Assumption  .  The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount $3,500;   provided  ,   however  , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment.  The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
    
    (v)        No Assignment to Certain Persons  .  No such assignment shall be made to (A) a Credit Party or any of the Credit Parties  Affiliates or Subsidiaries, (B) any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this   clause (B)   or (C) to a natural Person (or to a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person).  
    
  (vi)        Certain Additional Payments  .  In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
    
  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to   subsection (c)   of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of   Sections 3.01  ,   3.04  ,   3.05   and   10.04   with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment.  Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note, as applicable, to the assignee Lender.  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with   subsection (d)   of this Section. 
    
  (c)        Register  .  The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of, and interest owing on, the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the    Register   ).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive (absent manifest error), and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.  In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any  

Lender as a Defaulting Lender.  The Register shall be available for inspection by each of the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.   
    
  (d)        Participations  .  Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, but with, subject to the proviso to the fourth sentence of the immediately succeeding paragraph, prior written notice to, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or a Credit Party or any of the Credit Parties  Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a    Participant   ) in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it);   provided   that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. 
    
  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;   provided   that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to   Section 10.01   that affects such Participant.  Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Credit Parties agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of   Sections 3.01  ,   3.04   and   3.05   to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to   subsection (b)   of this Section (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under   Section 3.01(e)  ).  To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of   Section 10.08   as though it were a Lender,   provided   such Participant agrees to be subject to   Section 2.13   as though it were a Lender.  Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the    Participant Register      provided   that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
    
  (e)        Limitations upon Participant Rights  .  A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under   Sections 3.01   or   3.04   than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent.  A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of   Section 3.01   unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with   Section 3.01(e)   as though it were a Lender. 
    
  (f)        Certain Pledges  .  Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign, or grant a security interest in, all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment, or grant of a security interest, to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or to another central bank;   provided   that no such pledge or assignment, or grant of a security interest, shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee or grantee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
    
  (g)        Electronic Execution of Assignments  .  The words  execution,   signed,   signature,  and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New  

York Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
    
  10.07        Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality  . 
    
  (a)        Confidentiality  .  Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (each, a    Lender Party   ) hereby agrees for itself only that, except as specifically set forth herein, (i) such Lender Party shall not participate in or generate any press release or other release of information to the general public relating to the closing of the Loan without the prior written consent of the Borrower, (ii) such Lender Party shall hold the Confidential Information in accordance with such Lender Party s customary procedures to prevent the misuse or disclosure of confidential information of this nature and in accordance with safe and sound banking practices, (iii) such Lender Party shall use the Confidential Information solely for the purposes of underwriting the Loan or acquiring an interest therein, carrying out such Lender Party s rights or obligations under this Agreement, in connection with the syndication of the Loan, the enforcement of the Loan Documents, or other internal examination, supervision or oversight of the transactions contemplated hereby as reasonably determined by such Lender Party, or as otherwise permitted by the terms of this   Section 10.07   (collectively,    Permitted Purposes   ), and (iv) not disclose the Confidential Information to any party, except as expressly authorized in this Agreement or with prior written consent of the Borrower.  Each Lender Party shall promptly notify the Borrower in the event that it becomes aware of any loss or unauthorized disclosure of any Confidential Information.  In addition, each Lender Party may disclose the existence of this Agreement and furnish a copy of the cover page of this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Lender Parties in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 
    
  Each Lender Party shall not have any obligations under this Agreement with respect to a specific portion of the Confidential Information if such Lender Party can demonstrate that such Confidential Information (i) was publicly available at the time it was disclosed to such Lender Party, (ii) became publicly available subsequent to the time it was disclosed to such Lender Party, (iii) was in or comes into a Lender Party s possession from a source not known to such Lender Party (after reasonable inquiry) to be in breach of an obligation of confidentiality owed to the Borrower in making such disclosure to such Lender Party, (iv) was in or comes into Lender Party s possession free of any obligation of confidence owed to the Borrower at the time it was disclosed to them, or (v) was developed by the employees or agents of the Lender Party without the use of the Confidential Information. 
    
  (b)        Disclosures  .  Any Lender Party or its legal counsel may disclose the Confidential Information (i) to the Borrower, other Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any of their respective legal counsel, (ii) to its auditors in connection with bank audits or regulatory officials having jurisdiction over such Lender Party, (iii) to its legal counsel who need to know the Confidential Information for the purposes of representing or advising the Lender Parties, (iv) with prior written notice to the Chief Executive Officer of the Borrower, to its consultants, agents and advisors retained in good faith by such Lender Party with a need to know such information in connection with a Permitted Purpose, (v) as required by Law or legal process (subject to the terms below), or in connection with any legal proceeding in connection with the Loan Documents, or to the extent necessary or desirable to establish, enforce or assert any claims or defenses in connection with any legal proceeding by or against any such Lender Party, (vi) to another potential Lender or participant in connection with a disposition or proposed disposition to that Person of all or part of that Lender Party s interests hereunder or a participation interest in its Notes, and (vii) to its directors, officers, employees and affiliates that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with such Lender Party or its parent or otherwise within the corporate umbrella of such Lender Party who need to know the confidential information for purposes of underwriting the Loan or becoming a party to this Agreement, the syndication of the Loan, the administration, interpretation, performance or exercise of rights under the Loan Documents, the enforcement of the Loan Documents, or other internal supervision, examination or oversight of the transactions contemplated hereby as reasonably determined by such Lender Party,   provided   that any Person to whom any of the Confidential Information is disclosed is informed by such Lender Party of the strictly confidential nature of the Confidential Information, and such Persons described in   clauses (b)(iv)   and   (vi)   shall agree in writing to be bound by confidentiality restrictions at least as restrictive as those contained herein.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Lender Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent such Lender Party is requested or required by any Law or any order of any court, governmental, regulatory or self regulatory body or other legal process to make any disclosure of or about any of the Confidential Information.  In such event (except with respect to banking regulators or auditors), such Lender Party shall, if permitted by law, promptly notify the Borrower  

in writing so that the Borrower may seek an appropriate protective order or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement (  provided   that if a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder has not been obtained, or if prior notice is not possible, and a Lender Party is, in the opinion of its counsel, compelled to disclose Confidential Information, such Lender Party may disclose that portion of the Confidential Information which its counsel advises it that such Lender Party is compelled to disclose, and   provided   further that in any event, such Lender Party will not oppose action by the Borrower to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information.)  Each Lender Party shall be liable (but only to the extent it is finally determined to have breached the provisions of this   Section 10.07(b)  ) for any actions by such Lender Party (but not any other Person) which are not in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 10.07(b)  . 
    
  (c)        No Rights in Confidential Information  .  The Administrative Agent and each Lender recognizes and agrees that nothing contained in this   Section 10.07   shall be construed as granting any property rights, by license or otherwise, to any Confidential Information (other than the Agreement or any amendments thereto or any related agreements), or to any invention or any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right that has issued or that may issue, based on such Confidential Information (other than the Agreement or any amendments thereto or any related agreements).  No Lender Party shall make, have made, use or sell for any purpose any product or other item using, incorporating or derived from any such Confidential Information;   provided   that the foregoing shall not limit or restrict in any way the creation, use or sale of banking or related services by any Lender Party. 
    
  (d)        Survival  .  All Confidential Information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower during the term of this Agreement or any predecessor agreements shall remain confidential indefinitely and shall continue to receive that level of confidential treatment customarily provided by commercial banks dealing with confidential information of their borrower customers, subject, however, to the specific exceptions to confidential treatment provided herein.  For a period of one year after the Termination Date, the affected Lender Party shall continue to make reasonable inquiry of any third party providing Confidential Information as to whether such third party is subject to an obligation of confidentiality owed to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and if such Lender Party obtains knowledge that such third party is violating a confidentiality agreement with the Borrower, such Lender Party shall treat the Confidential Information received from such third party as strictly confidential in accordance with the provisions of this   Section 10.07  .  For purposes of this   Section 10.07(d)  , the Termination Date shall mean the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or, with respect to a specific Lender Party, the date such Person no longer holds an interest in any Loan. 
    
  (e)        Injunctive Relief  .  Each Lender Party hereby agrees that breach of this   Section 10.07   will cause the Borrower irreparable damage for which recovery of damages would be inadequate, and that the Borrower shall therefore be entitled to obtain timely injunctive relief under this Agreement, as well as such further relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
    
  (f)        No Fiduciary Duty  .  Nothing in this Section shall be construed to create or give rise to any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to a Credit Party. 
    
  (g)        Separate Action  .  Each Credit Party covenants and agrees not to, and hereby expressly waives any right to, raise as a defense, affirmative defense, set off, recoupment or otherwise against any Lender Party any claim arising from or relating to an alleged breach of this   Section 10.07   in any action, claim or proceeding relating to a breach of the Loan Documents by the Credit Parties or other action to enforce or recover the Obligations, and covenant and agree that any claim against a Lender Party arising from or relating to an alleged breach of this   Section 10.07   by a Lender Party shall only be asserted as an affirmative claim in a separate action against the applicable Lender Party. 
    
  10.08        Right of Setoff  . 
    
  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of a Credit Party against any and all of the obligations of the Credit Parties now or hereafter  

existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Credit Parties may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness;   provided  , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff hereunder, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of   Section 2.16   and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff.  The rights of each Lender and its Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its Affiliates may have.  Each Lender agrees to notify the Credit Parties and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application,   provided   that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
    
  10.09        Interest Rate Limitation  . 
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the    Maximum Rate   ).  If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Credit Parties.  In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
    
  10.10        Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness  . 
    
  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.  Except as provided in   Section 4.01  , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging transmission (e.g.  pdf  via e-mail) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
    
  10.11        Survival of Representations and Warranties  . 
    
  All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof.  Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default at the time of any Borrowing, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied. 
    
  10.12        Severability  . 
    
  If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as  

possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.  The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.  Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this   Section 10.12  , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
    
  10.13        Replacement of Lenders  . 
    
  If (a) any Lender requests compensation under   Section 3.04  , (b) any Credit Party is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to   Section 3.01  , (c) any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, (d) any Lender refuses to consent to an amendment, modification or waiver of this Agreement that, pursuant to   Section 10.01  , (i) requires the consent of 100% of the Lenders and the consent of the Required Lenders has been obtained or (ii) requires the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, or (e) any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Credit Parties the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Credit Parties may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender (a    Departing Lender   ) to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by,   Section 10.06   except as provided in this   Section 10.13  ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee (a    Replacement Lender   ) that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment),   provided   that: 
    
  (A)         the Administrative Agent shall have received payment of the assignment fee specified in   Section 10.06(b)  ; 
    
  (B)        such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under   Sections 3.04  ,   3.05   and   10.04  ) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
    
  (C)        in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to   Section 3.01  , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and 
    
  (D)        such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws. 
    
  A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Credit Parties to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.  Each Departing Lender required to make an assignment pursuant to this   Section 10.13   shall promptly execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with the applicable Replacement Lender.  If such Departing Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Assumption and/or any other documentation reasonably necessary to reflect such replacement within a period of time deemed reasonable by the Administrative Agent after the later of (i) the date on which the Replacement Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation and (ii) the date on which the Departing Lender receives all payments described in   clause (B)   of this   Section 10.13  , then such Departing Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation as of such date and the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation on behalf of such Departing Lender. 
    
  10.14        Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc  . 
    
  (a)        GOVERNING LAW  .  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(b)        SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  .  EACH OF THE CREDIT PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW.  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY CREDIT PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
    
  (c)        WAIVER OF VENUE  .  EACH OF THE CREDIT PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN   PARAGRAPH (b)   OF THIS SECTION.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
    
  (d)        SERVICE OF PROCESS  .  EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN   SECTION 10.02  .  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
    
  10.15        WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL  . 
    
  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
    
  10.16        USA PATRIOT Act Notice  . 
    
  Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the    Act   ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act.  The Borrower shall, following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, promptly provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to  

comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable  know your customer  and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act.  
    
  10.17        [  Reserved  ]. 
    
  10.18        ENTIRE AGREEMENT  . 
    
  THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES.  THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 
    
  10.19        Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions  . 
    
    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
    
  (a)  the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and 
  (b)  the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable; 
  (i)        a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability;  
  (ii)        a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
  (iii)        the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
  10.20        Release of a Guarantor  . 
    
  (a)        (a)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrower may (i) sell, assign, transfer or dispose of its interest in a Guarantor (other than the Operating Partnership) that is a Subsidiary of the Borrower or (ii) request that any Guarantor (other than the Operating Partnership) be released from its obligations under the Loan Documents;   provided  ,   that  , immediately before the earlier of (A) the closing of such sale, assignment, transfer or disposition and (B) the effectiveness of such requested release, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certification, together with such other evidence as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, that no Event of Default shall be continuing at the time of the closing of such sale, assignment, transfer or disposition or of the effectiveness of such release, as the case may be, other than an Event of Default that would be cured by virtue of the occurrence of such sale, assignment, transfer, disposition or release.  The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of any such sale, assignment, transfer, disposition or release pursuant hereto.    
    
  (b)        Upon a sale, assignment, transfer, disposition or request for release in accordance with   subsection (a)   above, the Administrative Agent shall, at the expense of the Borrower, take such action as is reasonably appropriate to effect such release. 

10.21        No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility  . 
    
  In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the Credit Parties acknowledge and agree, and acknowledge their Subsidiaries  understanding, that: (i) the credit facilities provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arm s-length commercial transaction between the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, and the Credit Parties are capable of evaluating and understanding and understand and accept the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof); (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, each of the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person; (iii) none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Credit Parties with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has advised or is currently advising the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has any obligation to the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; (iv) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and the Credit Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate.  Each of the Credit Parties hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

ARTICLE XI 
    
  GUARANTY 
    
  11.01        The Guaranty  . 
    
    Each of the Guarantors hereby jointly and severally, absolutely and unconditionally guarantees to each Lender and each other holder of the Obligations as hereinafter provided, as primary obligor and not as surety, the prompt payment of the Obligations in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise) strictly in accordance with the terms thereof.  The Guarantors hereby further agree that if any of the Obligations are not paid in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise), the Guarantors will, jointly and severally, promptly pay the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. 
    
  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any other of the Loan Documents or the other documents relating to the Obligations, the obligations of each Guarantor under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not exceed an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render such obligations subject to avoidance under applicable Debtor Relief Laws. 

11.02        Obligations Unconditional  . 
    
    The obligations of the Guarantors under   Section 11.01   are joint and several, absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating to the Obligations, or any substitution, release, impairment or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Obligations, and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor (other than payment in full of the Obligations), it being the intent of this   Section 11.02   that the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances.  Each Guarantor agrees that such Guarantor shall have no right of subrogation, indemnity, reimbursement or contribution against the Borrower or any other Guarantor for amounts paid under this   Article XI   until such time as the Obligations (other than contingent indemnity obligations) have been paid in full and the Commitments have expired or terminated.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of any Guarantor hereunder, which shall remain absolute and unconditional as described above. 
    
    (a)        at any time or from time to time, without notice to any Guarantor, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; 
    
    (b)        any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating to the Obligations shall be done or omitted; 
    
    (c)        the maturity of any of the Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Obligations shall be modified, supplemented or amended in any respect, or any right under any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating to the Obligations shall be waived or any other guarantee of any of the Obligations or any security therefor shall be released, impaired or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; 
    
    (d)        any Lien granted to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any other holder of the Obligations as security for any of the Obligations shall fail to attach or be perfected; or 
    
    (e)        any of the Obligations shall be determined to be void or voidable (including, without limitation, for the benefit of any creditor of any Guarantor) or shall be subordinated to the claims of any Person (including, without limitation, any creditor of any Guarantor). 
    
    With respect to its obligations hereunder, each Guarantor hereby expressly waives, to the extent permitted by Law, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, acceptance hereof, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any other holder of the Obligations exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against any Person under any of the Loan Documents or any other document relating to the Obligations, or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Obligations. 
    
  11.03        Reinstatement  . 
    
    The obligations of the Guarantors under this   Article XI   shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of any Person in respect of the Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Obligations, whether as a result of any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, and each Guarantor agrees that it will indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each other holder of the Obligations on demand for all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such other holder of the Obligations in connection with such rescission or restoration, including any such costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any Debtor Relief Law. 

11.04        Certain Additional Waivers  . 
    
    Each Guarantor agrees that such Guarantor shall have no right of recourse to security for the Obligations, except through the exercise of rights of subrogation pursuant to   Section 11.02   and through the exercise of rights of contribution pursuant to   Section 11.06  . 
    
  11.05        Remedies  . 
    
    The Guarantors agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other holders of the Obligations, on the other hand, the Obligations may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as specified in   Section 8.02   (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances specified in   Section 8.02  ) for purposes of   Section 11.01   notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or preventing the Obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against any other Person and that, in the event of such declaration (or the Obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), the Obligations (whether or not due and payable by any other Person) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of   Section 11.01  . 
    
  11.06        Rights of Contribution  . 
    
    The Guarantors agree among themselves that, in connection with payments made hereunder, each Guarantor shall have contribution rights against the other Guarantors as permitted under applicable Laws.  Such contribution rights shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment to the obligations of such Guarantors under the Loan Documents and no Guarantor shall exercise such rights of contribution until all Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have terminated. 
    
  11.07        Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee  . 
    
    The guarantee in this   Article XI   is a guaranty of payment and not of collection, is a continuing guarantee, and shall apply to all Obligations whenever arising. 
    
  11.08        Additional Guarantors  . 
    
    The Borrower may at any time and from time to time, upon written request to the Administrative Agent, cause a Domestic Subsidiary that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary to become a Guarantor under this Agreement by (a) executing a Joinder Agreement and (b) delivering such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection therewith, including, without limitation, certified resolutions and other organizational and customary authorizing documents of such Person, all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

61364794.doc 
    
  AMENDED AND RESTATED 
  TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
  63619209 
    
  61364794.doc 
    
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 

BORROWER:                        ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC.,  
  a Maryland corporation 

By:       
  Name:   
  Title:     

GUARANTOR: 
    ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
       
  By: ARE-QRS Corp., a Maryland corporation, 
  general partner 

By:       
  Name:   
  Title:     

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT:            BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           

LENDER:                        BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        CITIBANK, NA 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           

LENDER:                        THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        BARCLAYS BANK PLC 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        COMPASS BANK 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        CAPITAL ONE, N.A. 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
           LENDER: 
    CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        HSBC BANK USA, NA 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 

By:                           
    Name:                           

Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        THE ROYAL BANK OF SCOTLAND PLC 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
  LENDER:                        BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
           LENDER: 
    CREDIT SUISSE AG, CAYMAN ISLANDS BRANCH 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        MIZUHO BANK, LTD. 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
  LENDER:                        PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        REGIONS BANK 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           

LENDER:                        TD BANK, N.A. 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        UNION BANK, N.A. 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        SUNTRUST BANK 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
           LENDER: 
    FIFTH THIRD BANK, AN OHIO BANKING CORPORATION 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
  LENDER:                        SOVEREIGN BANK, N.A. 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
           LENDER: 
    BANK OF THE WEST, A CALIFORNIA BANKING CORPORATION 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
           LENDER: 
    THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, A NATIONAL BANKING ASSOCIATION 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
  LENDER:                        THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
           LENDER: 
    CITY NATIONAL BANK, A NATIONAL BANKING ASSOCIATION 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
           LENDER: 
    LAND BANK OF TAIWAN LOS ANGELES BRANCH 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           
    
           LENDER: 
    MEGA INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANK CO., LTD. NEW YORK BRANCH 

By:                           
    Name:                           
    Title:                           

Exhibit B to First Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
    
  EXHIBIT D 

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

To:    Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 

Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement  ;  the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
  The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the of Borrower, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and 
  deliver this Compliance Certificate to the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Borrower, and that: 

[Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end financial statements] 

1.    Attached hereto as   Schedule 1   are the year-end audited financial statements required by 
  Section 6.01(a  ) of the Agreement for the fiscal year of Borrower ended as of [ 
  ] (the    Statement 
  Date   ), together with the report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant required by such section. 
    
  [Use following paragraphs for fiscal quarter-end financial statements] 
    
  1.    Attached hereto as   Schedule 1   are the unaudited financial statements required by   Section 
  6.01(b  ) of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of Borrower ended as of [ 
  ] (the    Statement 
  Date   ). Such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP (other than footnote disclosures), consistently applied, as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end accruals and audit adjustments. 
    
  2.          The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a review of the transactions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 
    
  3.          The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on   Schedule 2   attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the Statement Date. 

4.    As of the date hereof, the Debt Rating (if any) is          . 
    
  5.          A review of the activities of the Credit Parties during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period the Credit Parties performed and observed all of their respective Obligations under the Loan Documents, and 
    
  [select one:] 
    
  [to the knowledge of the undersigned during such fiscal period, no Default or Event of Default exists.] 
  --or-- 
  [the following covenants or conditions have not been performed or observed and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and status:] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Compliance Certification as of  
    
                 LENDER 
    ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation 
        
    By:  
        
    Name: 
        
    Title: 

For the Quarter/Year ended           (   Statement Date   ) 
    
  SCHEDULE 2 
    
  to the Compliance Certificate 
    
  ($ in 000's) 

I.        Section 7.09(a)   -   Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. 
                   A. 
    Adjusted EBITDA for the four quarter period ended on Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    Debt Service of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the four quarter period ended on Statement Date 
    $ 
      C. 
    Preferred Distributions (other than redemptions) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the four quarter period ended on Statement Date 
    $ 
      D. 
    Line I.B. + Line I.C. 
    $ 
      E. 
    Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (Line I.A.   Line I.D.) 
    : 1.00 
      F. 
    Compliance Ratio 
       1.50:1.00 
      G. 
    Covenant Compliance: 
    Yes___ No____ 

II.        Section 7.09(b)   -   Secured Debt Ratio. 
                   A. 
    Secured Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    Adjusted Tangible Assets at Statement Date 
    $ 
      C. 
    Secured Debt to Adjusted Tangible Assets (Line II.A.   Line II.B.) 
    % 
      D. 
    Compliance Ratio 
     45.0% 
        
    For the four quarters ending subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition    1  
      50.0% 
      E. 
    Covenant Compliance  
    Yes___ No____ 

III.        Section 7.09(c)   -   Leverage Ratio. 
                   A. 
    Adjusted Total Indebtedness at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      B. 
    Adjusted Tangible Assets at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      C. 
    Excluded Indebtedness deducted in connection with the determination of 
  Adjusted Total Indebtedness at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      D. 
    Line III.B. - Line III.C 
    $ 
      E. 
    Line III.A.   Line III.D 
    % 
      F. 
    Compliance Ratio 
    
       60.0% 
        
    For the four quarters ending subsequent to 
  the consummation of a Material Acquisition   2  
     65.0% 
      G. 
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes___ No___ 

1 See   Section 7.09(b)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement. 
  2 See    Section 7.09(c)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement. 

IV.        Section 7.09(d)   -   Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio. 
                   A. 
    aggregate Adjusted NOI from the Qualified Asset Pool Properties for the 
  four fiscal quarter period ending on the Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    aggregate Interest Charges for the four quarter period ended on the 
  Statement Date in respect of the unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower 
  and its Subsidiaries (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt) 
    $ 
      C. 
    Line IV.A.   Line IV.B 
    :1.00 
      D. 
    Compliance Ratio 
       1.50:1.00 
      E. 
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes          No      __ 

V.        Section 7.09(e)   -   Unsecured Leverage Ratio. 
    
                   A. 
    aggregate unsecured Adjusted Total Indebtedness of the Borrower 

and its Subsidiaries at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      B. 
    Obligor Subsidiary Debt: 
    $ 
      C. 
    Adjusted Unencumbered Asset Value at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      D. 
    amount of unsecured Excluded Indebtedness (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt) deducted in connection with the determination of aggregate unsecured 
  Adjusted Total Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at 
  Statement Date 
    $ 
      E. 
    Line V.A. - Line V.B. 
    $ 
      F. 
    Line V.C. - Line V.D. 
    $ 
      G. 
    Unsecured Leverage Ratio (Line V.E.   Line V.F.) 
    $ 
      H. 
    Compliance Ratio 
       60.0% 
        
    For the four quarters ending subsequent to 
  the consummation of a Material Acquisition   3  
     65.0% 
      I.  
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes___ No___ 

VI.        Section 7.04   -   Restricted Payments. 
                   A. 
    Restricted Payments by Borrower for the four quarter period ended on 
  the Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    Funds From Operations of Borrower and its 
  Subsidiaries for the four quarter period ending on the Statement Date 
    $ 
      C. 
    (Line VI.A.   Line VI.B.) 
    % 
      D. 
    Compliance Percentage 
       95% 
      E. 
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes___ No___ 
        
         Compliance based on Line VI.D. percentage 
       Compliance based on REIT Status or to avoid payment of federal or state income or excise tax 

3 See    Section 7.09(c)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement. 

Exhibit C to First Amendment to Term Loan Agreement 
    
  EXHIBIT H-1 
    
  FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time  to  time  party  thereto  (individually,  a     Lender     and  collectively,  the     Lenders   ),  and  Bank  of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 3.01(e)   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable).  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF LENDER] 

By: 
    
  Name: Title: 
    
  Date: 
  , 20  [ ] 

H - 1 
  Form of U.S. Tax Compliance  

Certificate 

EXHIBIT H-2 

FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time  to  time  party  thereto  (individually,  a     Lender     and  collectively,  the     Lenders   ),  and  Bank  of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 3.01(e)   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 
  881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable).   By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By: 
    
  Name: Title: 
    
  Date: 
  , 20  [ ] 

H - 2 
  Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
  EXHIBIT H-3 

FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time  to  time  party  thereto  (individually,  a     Lender     and  collectively,  the     Lenders   ),  and  Bank  of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 3.01(e)   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By: 
    
  Name: Title: 
    
  Date: 
  , 20[ ] 

H - 3 
  Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
  EXHIBIT H-4 
    
  FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 
    
  Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2013 (as amended from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time  to  time  party  thereto  (individually,  a     Lender     and  collectively,  the     Lenders   ),  and  Bank  of America, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of   Section 3.01(e)   of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 
  881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or 
  indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in 
  Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF LENDER OR L/C ISSUER] 

By: 
    
  Name: Title: 
    
  DATE: 
  , 20  [ ] 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 a3q16-ex103.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.3 
  FIRST AMENDMENT TO 
  THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
    
  Dated as of July 29, 2016 among 
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC. and 
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P., 
  as the Credit Parties, 
    
  CITIBANK, N.A.  , 
  as Administrative Agent, 
    
  and 
    
  The Lenders Party Hereto 
    
  with 
    
  ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
    
  and 
    
  THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
  as Co-Syndication Agents, 
    
  COMPASS BANK, REGIONS BANK, MUFG UNION BANK, N.A., SUNTRUST BANK, TD BANK, N.A., MIZUHO BANK (USA)   and   PNC BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
  as Co-Documentation Agents, 
    
  and 
    
  CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 
  RBC CAPITAL MARKETS  * and   THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
  as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Running Managers 

* RBC Capital Markets is a brand name for the capital markets businesses of Royal Bank of Canada and its Affiliates. 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO 
  THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
    
  THIS   FIRST AMENDMENT TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT  , dated as of July 29, 2016 (this    Amendment  ") among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership  (the     Operating  Partnership   ),  each  Lender  party  hereto,  and  Citibank,  N.A.,  as administrative agent (the    Administrative Agent   ).   Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Existing Term Loan Agreement described below. 
    
  W I T N E S S E T H: 
    
  WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement dated as of June 30, 2015 (the    Original Effective Date   ) by and among the Borrower, the Operating Partnership, the Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent (the    Existing Term Loan Agreement   ), $350,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Loans made to the Borrower are currently outstanding; 
    
  WHEREAS, on or about the date of this Amendment, the Credit Parties have entered or will enter into (i) that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement (the    New Term Loan Amendment   ), by and among the Borrower, the Operating Partnership, each lender from time to time  party  thereto,  and  Bank  of  America,  N.A.,  as  administrative  agent,  and  (ii)  the  other  Loan Documents (as such term is defined in the New Term Loan Amendment) relating thereto; 
    
  WHEREAS, the Credit Parties have requested that the Required Lenders agree to amend certain provisions of the Existing Term Loan Agreement to conform such provisions to corresponding provisions of that certain Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement by and among the Borrower, the Operating Partnership, each lender from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended by the New Term Loan Amendment, all as more particularly set forth herein; and 
    
  WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions herein, the Required Lenders have agreed to amend the Existing Term Loan Agreement, as more fully set forth below; 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
    
  1.        AMENDMENTS TO EXISTING TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
    
  The Existing Term Loan Agreement is, upon the occurrence of the Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 2 below), hereby amended as follows (as so amended, together with the schedules and exhibits to the Existing Term Loan Agreement, as any of the same are modified by this Amendment, the    Amended Term Loan Agreement   ): 
    
  (a)        The body of the Existing Term Loan Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: and to add the underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: as set forth in the comparison document attached as   Exhibit A  ). 
    
  (b)    The Existing Term Loan Agreement is hereby amended by deleting Exhibit D in its entirety and replacing it with a new Exhibit D in the form of   Exhibit B   hereto. 

(c)    The Existing Term Loan Agreement is hereby amended to annex thereto a new 
  Exhibit G in the form of   Exhibit C   hereto. 
    
  2.        EFFECTIVENESS 
    
  This Amendment shall become effective on the day (the    Amendment Effective Date   ) on which each of the following conditions precedent has been satisfied: 
    
  (a)          Amendment.    Receipt by the Administrative Agent of executed counterparts of this Amendment, duly executed by each Credit Party, the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders. 

(b)          Resolutions, Etc.    Receipt by the Administrative Agent of (i) such resolutions or other action, and incumbency certificates of Responsible Officers of each Credit Party, as the Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Amendment and (ii) certified copies of the Organization Documents of each Credit Party or a certification from such Credit Party that no amendments to the Organization Documents of such Credit Party have been made since the Original Effective Date. 
    
  (c)      Good Standing.       Receipt by the Administrative Agent of evidence that each 
  Credit Party is validly existing and in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization. 
    
  (d)          Officer s Certificate.    Receipt by the Administrative Agent of a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower stating that (i) no Default or Event of Default exists as of the Amendment Effective Date, either immediately before or immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, and (ii) the representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Existing Term Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects, on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, except (A) to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case, they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date, and (B) that the representations and warranties contained in subsection (c) of Section 5.05 of the Existing Term Loan Agreement shall be deemed to refer to March 31, 2016, rather than the Audited Financial Statements. 
    
  (e)          Fees and Expenses.   Receipt by the Administrative Agent of reimbursement of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent (including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent (limited to one counsel, and, if applicable, one local counsel in each material jurisdiction)) incurred in connection with this Amendment and the transactions contemplated by this Amendment on the Amendment Effective Date, to the extent invoiced prior to the Amendment Effective Date. 
    
  (f)           Other  Debt  Facilities.       Prior  to  or  substantially  simultaneously  with  the effectiveness of this Amendment on the Amendment Effective Date, each of (i) the New Term Loan Amendment and (ii) that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated on or about the date hereof by and among the Borrower, the Operating Partnership, each lender from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, shall have been duly executed and delivered by each party thereto, and shall be in full force and effect. 
    
  3.        MISCELLANEOUS 
    
  (a)      Ratification of Loan Documents. 
    
  (i)         The term  Agreement  as used in each of the Loan Documents shall, as of and following the Amendment Effective Date, mean the Existing Term Loan Agreement as amended and modified by this Amendment to read in the form of the Amended Term Loan Agreement attached as   Exhibit A. 
    
  (ii)        Each Credit Party acknowledges and consents to the modifications set forth herein (and as reflected in the form of the Amended Term Loan Agreement attached as   Exhibit A)   and agrees that this Amendment (except as expressly provided in this Amendment or  in  the  exhibits  hereto)  does  not  impair,  reduce  or  limit  any  of  its respective obligations under the Loan Documents and that, after the date hereof, this Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document. 
    
  (iii)       The Existing Term Loan Agreement and each other Loan Document, as specifically amended by this Amendment, is and shall continue to be in full force and effect and is hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. 
    
  (iv)       The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein or as provided in the exhibits hereto, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, or constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents. 
    
  (v)        This Amendment shall not extinguish the obligations for the payment of money outstanding under the Existing Term Loan Agreement or the Amended Term Loan Agreement.   Nothing herein contained  

shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the Existing Term Loan Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect, except to any extent modified hereby or as provided in the exhibits hereto.   Nothing implied in this Amendment or in any other document contemplated hereby shall be construed as a release or other discharge of any of the Credit Parties from the Loan Documents. 
    
  (b)      Authority/Enforceability  .    The  Credit  Parties  represent  and  warrant  to  the 
  Administrative Agent as follows: 
    
  (i)         They have taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment. 
    
  (ii)        This Amendment has been duly executed and delivered by the Credit Parties and constitute the Credit Parties  legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable in  accordance  with  its  terms,  except  as  such  enforceability  may  be  subject  to (A) bankruptcy,   insolvency,   reorganization,   fraudulent   conveyance   or    transfer, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and (B) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 
  (iii)       The execution and delivery of this Amendment does not (A) violate, contravene  or  conflict  with  any  provision  of  their  Organization  Documents  or (B) materially violate, contravene or conflict with any Law applicable to them. 
    
  (c)          Counterparts/Facsimile.   This Amendment may be executed by the parties hereto in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which shall constitute together but one and the same agreement.  Delivery of executed counterparts of this Amendment by facsimile, as a .pdf attachment to an email, or other electronic means shall be effective as an original and shall constitute a representation that an original shall be delivered if requested by the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (d)          Governing Law  .   THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
    
  (e)          Successors and Assigns.   This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
    
    [Signature pages follow] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers of the day and year first above written. 

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation, as the Borrower 
        
    /s/ Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Eric S. Johnson  
        
    Senior Vice President  
        
    RE Legal Affairs 

ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as the Operating Partnership 
        
    By: ARE-QRS Corp., a Maryland corporation, general partner  
        
    /s/ Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Eric S. Johnson 
        
    Senior Vice President 
        
    RE Legal Affairs 

CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent  
        
    /s/ David Bouton 
        
    David Bouton 
        
    Vice President 

CITIBANK, N.A., as Lender 
        
    /s/ David Bouton 
        
    David Bouton 
        
    Vice President 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, as Lender 
        
    /s/ Brian Gross 
        
    Brian Gross 
        
    Authorized Signatory 

THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as Lender 
        
    /s/ Chad Hale 
        
    Chad Hale 
        
    Director   Execution Head, REGAL 

COMPASS BANK, as Lender 
        
    /s/ Brian Tuerff 
        
    Brian Tuerff 
        
    Senior Vice President  

REGIONS BANK, as Lender  
        
    /s/ Mike Evans  
        
    Mike Evans  
        
    Senior Vice President  

MUFG UNION BANK, N.A., a national banking association, as Lender 
        
    /s/ Scott O' Connell 
        
    Scott O' Connell 
        
    Director  

SUNTRUST BANK, as Lender  
        
    /s/ Kristopher Dickson  
        
    Kristopher Dickson 
        
    Senior Vice President  

TD BANK, N.A., as Lender 
        
    /s/ Rory Desmond 
        
    Rory Desmond 
        
    Vice President 

MIZUHO BANK (USA), as Lender 
        
    /s/ John Davies 
        
    John Davies 
        
    Director 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as Lender  
        
    /s/ Nicolas Zitelli 
        
    Nicolas Zitelli 
        
    Senior Vice President  

CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Lender  
        
    /s/ Frederick H. Denecke 
        
    Frederick H. Denecke 
        
    Senior Vice President  

SUMITOMO MITSUI BANKING CORPORATION, as Lender 
        
    /s/ William G. Karl  
        
    William G. Karl 
        
    Executive Officer  

BANK OF THE WEST, a California banking corporation, as Lender 
        
    /s/ Benjamin Meininger 
        
    Benjamin Meininger  
        
    Vice President  

/s/ Benjamin Arroyo 
        
    Benjamin Arroyo 
        
    Vice President  

EXECUTION VERSION 
    
  CONFORMED COPY REFLECTING 
  FIRST AMENDMENT DATED AS OF JULY 29, 2016 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 
    
  Dated as of June 30, 2015 
    
  As amended by   FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT   dated as of July 29, 2016 
    
  among 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., 
  as the Borrower, 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, L.P., 
  as a Guarantor, 
    
  CITIBANK, N.A.  , 
  as Administrative Agent, 
    
  and 
    
  The Lenders Party Hereto 
    
  with 
    
  ROYAL BANK OF CANADA 
    
  and 
    
  THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
  as Co-Syndication Agents, 
    
  and 
    
  COMPASS BANK, REGIONS BANK, MUFG UNION BANK, N.A., SUNTRUST BANK, TD BANK, N.A., MIZUHO BANK (USA)   and   PNC BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
  as Co-Documentation Agents, 
    
  and 
    
  CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 
  RBC CAPITAL MARKETS   *      and   THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, 
  as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Running Managers 
    
  _________________________ 
    
  * RBC Capital Markets is a brand name for the capital markets businesses of Royal Bank of Canada and its Affiliates. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
  Page 
           ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
    1 
                  ARTICLE II  THE COMMITMENTS AND BORROWINGS 
    29 
                         2.12 
    Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback        33 
                ARTICLE III  TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
    36 
                    ARTICLE IV  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE BORROWING 
    44 
                ARTICLE V  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
    46 
              5.01 
    Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws.        46 

5.13 
    Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act; REIT Status.        49 
                      ARTICLE VI  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
    51 
                        ARTICLE VII  NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
    55 
                        ARTICLE VIII  EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
    57 
                 ARTICLE IX  ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
    60 
                    9.07 
    Non Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders.        63 

ARTICLE X  MISCELLANEOUS 
    64 
                                10.19 
    Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-in of EEA Financial Institutions.        79 

SCHEDULES 
    
      2.01            Commitments and Applicable Percentages 
    10.02            Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 

EXHIBITS 
    
    A        Form of Loan Notice 
    B        Reserved 
    C        Form of Note 
    D        Form of Compliance Certificate 
    E        Form of Assignment and Assumption 
    F        Form of Joinder Agreement 
    G        U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT 

This THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED TERM LOAN AGREEMENT is entered into as of June 30, 2015, among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria Real Estate Equities, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the    Operating Partnership   ), the other guarantors, if any, that from time to time become party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 11.08 (collectively, together with the Operating Partnership, the    Guarantors    each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the    Lenders    and individually, a    Lender    and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, with reference to the following Recitals: 
    
  RECITALS 
    
  WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Second Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement dated as of July 26, 2013 by and among the Borrower, the Operating Partnership, the Lenders (as defined therein) party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for such Lenders (as amended prior to the date hereof, the    Existing Term Loan Agreement   ), such Lenders made a $600,000,000 loan to the Borrower and the Borrower has since prepaid an aggregate of $250,000,000 in principal amount of such loan; 
    
  WHEREAS, the Borrower and the other parties to the Existing Term Loan Agreement desire to amend and restate the Existing Term Loan Agreement to, among other things, change the Applicable Rate and otherwise modify the terms and conditions thereof as set forth herein; and 
    
  WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing to so modify the terms and conditions of the Existing Term Loan Agreement subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein; 
    
    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree to amend and restate the Existing Term Loan Agreement to read in its entirety as follows: 
    
  ARTICLE I 
  DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
    
    1.01        Defined Terms  .    As     used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
    
       Acquisition    means, with respect to any Person, the acquisition by such Person, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of either (a) all or any substantial portion of the property of, or a line of business or division of, or any other property of, another Person or (b) at least a majority of the voting Equity Interests of another Person, in each case whether or not involving a merger or consolidation with such other Person. 
    
       Act    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.16. 
    
       Adjusted EBITDA    means, for any period of determination and without duplication, an amount equal to (a) EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP,   minus   (b) the Capital Improvement Reserve for the Real Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,   minus   (c) (without duplication to the extent already deducted in the calculation of EBITDA) any Minority Interest s share of the EBITDA of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period. 
    
       Adjusted Interest Expense    means, with respect to any Person as of the last day of any fiscal period and without duplication, an amount equal to Interest Expense less any financing fees to the extent amortized and any amortization thereof (including fees payable under a Swap Contract), prepayment penalties, cost or expense associated with the early extinguishment of Indebtedness or deferred financing costs. 
    
       Adjusted NOI    means, for any period and with respect to a Revenue-Producing Property, an amount equal to (a) NOI of that Revenue-Producing Property,   minus   (b) the Capital Improvement Reserve for such Revenue- 

Producing Property,   minus   (c) any Minority Interest s share of the NOI of that Revenue-Producing Property;   provided   that for purposes of calculating Adjusted NOI, any Revenue-Producing Property that has a negative Adjusted NOI for the period shall be deemed to have an Adjusted NOI of zero. 
    
       Adjusted Tangible Assets    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, an amount equal to (a) Total Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date,   minus   (b) Intangible Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of that date,   minus   (c) any Minority Interest s share of Total Assets as of that date,   plus   (d) any Minority Interest s share of Intangible Assets as of that date;   provided   that (i) not more than thirty-five percent (35%) of Adjusted Tangible Assets at any time may come from Development Properties, with any excess over the foregoing limit being excluded from Adjusted Tangible Assets and (ii) not more than fifteen percent (15%) of Adjusted Tangible Assets at any time may come from Other Investments, with any excess over the foregoing limit being excluded from Adjusted Tangible Assets. 
    
       Adjusted Total Indebtedness    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, an amount equal to (a) the aggregate Total Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date of determination,   minus   (b) Excluded Indebtedness;   provided  , in no event shall such Excluded Indebtedness exceed an amount equal to (i) cash and Cash Equivalents of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that are not subject to pledge, lien or control agreement (excluding statutory liens or rights of set-off in favor of any depositary bank or institution where such cash or Cash Equivalents are maintained) minus (ii) $20,000,000 (it being agreed that Excluded Indebtedness shall in no event be deemed a  negative number). 
    
     Adjusted Unencumbered Asset Value    means, as of any date of determination, (a) the Unencumbered Asset Value   minus   (b) any value attributable to Qualified Land and Qualified Development Assets in excess of 35% of the Unencumbered Asset Value   minus   (c) any value attributable to Qualified Revenue-Producing Properties, Qualified Land, Qualified Development Assets and Qualified Joint Ventures that are located outside the United States or Canada in excess of 30% of the Unencumbered Asset Value.   
    
       Administrative Agent s Office    means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on   Schedule 10.02  , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify to the Borrower and the Lenders. 
    
       Administrative Agent    means Citibank in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. 
    
       Administrative Questionnaire    means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 
    
       Affiliate    means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
    
       Agent Parties    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.02(c). 
       
       Aggregate Commitments    means the Commitments of all the Lenders.  As of the Closing Date, the Aggregate Commitments are equal to $350,000,000. 
    
       Agreement    means this Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement dated as of July [29], 2016 and as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time. 

Applicable Percentage    means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the following percentages (carried out to the ninth decimal place), as of the date of determination: 
    
           (a) 
    with respect to a Lender s right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect to Loans made by such Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Loans by (ii) the Loan Amount; and 
       
    (b)        the Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on   Schedule 2.01   or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, or in the records of the Administrative Agent, as applicable. 
    
       Applicable Rate    means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based on the Debt Rating as set forth below: 

On the Closing Date, the Applicable Rate shall be set at Pricing Level 4 above.  Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Debt Rating shall be effective during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the day immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. 
    
     Appraised Value    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, with respect to any Real Property, the appraised value (if any) thereof based on its unimproved as is basis determined pursuant to an appraisal prepared by an M.A.I. certified appraisal and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent (it being understood and agreed that in no event shall the Borrower (or any applicable Subsidiary) be required to deliver updated appraisals more frequently than once during any 24 month period). 
    
       Approved Fund    means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
    
       Arrangers    means CGMI, RBC Capital Markets   RBC Capital Markets is a brand name for the capital markets businesses of Royal Bank of Canada and its Affiliates.   and ScotiaBank in their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint book running managers. 
    
       Assignee Group    means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor. 
    
       Assignment and Assumption    means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of   Exhibit E   or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
    
       Attributable Indebtedness    means, on any date, in respect of any Capital Lease Obligation of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 

Audited Financial Statements    means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders  equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 
       
       Bail-In Action    means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an EEA Financial Institution.  
    
       Bail-In Legislation    means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
    
       Base Qualifications    means, for any Real Property, the following criteria: 
    
  (a)        to the best of the Borrower s knowledge and belief, such Real Property is in good repair and condition, subject to ordinary wear and tear, and does not have any title, survey, environmental or other defects that would give rise to a materially adverse effect as to the value, use of or ability to sell or refinance such Real Property (it being understood and agreed that construction and redevelopment in the ordinary course do not constitute a material adverse effect on the value, use of or ability to sell or refinance such Real Property);  
    
  (b)        such Real Property is Unencumbered;  
    
  (c)        such Real Property is either (i) owned in fee simple absolute (or, in the case of Qualified Development Assets and Qualified Revenue-Producing Properties, through ownership of a condominium unit) or (ii) occupied by means of a leasehold interest or similar arrangement providing the right to occupy Real Property pursuant to a Mortgageable Ground Lease; 
    
  (d)        such Real Property is owned or leased by (i) the Borrower, (ii) a Guarantor or (iii) a Subsidiary of the Borrower (other than an Obligor Subsidiary); and 
    
  (e)        such Real Property is located in the United States, Canada, Scotland, the United Kingdom, Germany, Austria, France, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Ireland or Japan. 
    
       Base Rate    means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate   plus   1/2 of 1%, (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Citibank as its  base rate,  and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00%.  The  base rate  is a rate set by Citibank based upon various factors including Citibank s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate.  Any change in such prime rate announced by Citibank shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. 
    
       Base Rate Loan    means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate.   
    
       Borrower    has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto.   
    
       Borrower Materials    has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02. 
    
       Borrowing    means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Loans of the same Type and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01. 
    
     Business Day    means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located and if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in respect of any such Eurodollar Rate Loan, or any other dealings to be carried out pursuant  

to this Agreement in respect of any such Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. 
    
       Capital Improvement Reserve    means, with respect to any Real Property now or hereafter owned by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, an amount equal to twenty cents ($.20) multiplied by the Net Rentable Area of the Real Property. 
    
       Capital Lease Obligations    means all monetary obligations of a Person under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in accordance with GAAP, is classified as a capital lease. 
    
       Capitalization Rate    means 6.00%.  
    
       Cash    means money, currency or a credit balance in any demand, time, savings, passbook or like account with a bank, savings and loan association, credit union or like organization, other than an account evidenced by a negotiable certificate of deposit. 
    
       Cash Equivalents    means: 
    
    (a)        securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States Government or any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States having maturities of not more than one year from the date of acquisition; 
    
    (b)        certificates of deposit, time deposits, demand deposits, eurodollar time deposits, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements, or bankers  acceptances, having in each case a term of not more than one year, issued by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or by any U.S. commercial bank (or any branch or agency of a non-U.S. bank licensed to conduct business in the U.S.) having combined capital and surplus of not less than $100,000,000 whose short-term securities are rated (at the time of acquisition thereof) at least A 1 by S P and P 1 by Moody  
    
    (c)        demand deposits on deposit in accounts maintained at commercial banks having membership in the FDIC and in amounts not exceeding the maximum amounts of insurance thereunder;  
    
    (d)        commercial paper of an issuer rated (at the time of acquisition thereof) at least A 2 by S P or P 2 by Moody s and in either case having a term of not more than one year; and 
    
    (e)        money market mutual or similar funds that invest primarily in assets satisfying the requirements of clauses (a) through (d) of this definition. 
    
       Cash Interest Expense    means Adjusted Interest Expense of a Person that is paid or currently payable in Cash. 
    
       CGMI    means Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and its successors. 
    
       Change in Law    means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption, or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation, guideline, decision, directive or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation, directive, guideline, decision or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline, law, rule, treaty or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority;   provided   that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, guidelines, and directives in connection therewith and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a  Change in Law,  regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 

Change of Control    means any transaction or series of related transactions in which any Unrelated Person or two or more Unrelated Persons acting in concert acquire beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d 3(a)(l) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of 40% or more of the outstanding voting Common Stock. 
    
       Citibank    means Citibank, N.A. and its successors. 
    
       Closing Date    means June 30, 2015. 
    
       Code    means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
    
     Commitment    means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make a Loan available to the Borrower pursuant Section 2.01, in an aggregate principal amount on the Closing Date not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on   Schedule 2.01   hereto or the amount set forth in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
    
       Common Stock    means the common stock of the Borrower. 
    
       Compliance Certificate    means a certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit D  . 
       
       Confidential Information    means (a) all of the terms, covenants, conditions or agreements set forth in any letters of intent or in this Agreement or any amendments hereto and any related agreements of whatever nature, (b) the information and reports provided in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, (c) any and all information provided, disclosed or otherwise made available to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders including, without limitation, any and all plans, maps, studies (including market studies), reports or other data, operating expense information, as-built plans, specifications, site plans, drawings, notes, analyses, compilations, or other documents or materials relating to the properties or their condition or use, whether prepared by the Borrower or others, which use, or reflect, or that are based on, derived from, or are in any way related to the foregoing, and (d) any and all other information of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have access to including, without limitation, ideas, samples, media, techniques, sketches, specifications, designs, plans, forecasts, financial information, technical information, drawings, works of authorship, models, inventions, know-how, processes, apparatuses, equipment, algorithms, financial models and databases, software programs, software source documents, manuals, documents, properties, names of tenants or potential tenants, vendors, suppliers, distributors and consultants, and formulae related to the current, future, and proposed products and services of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or tenants or potential tenants (including, without limitation, information concerning research, experimental work, development, design details and specifications, engineering, procurement requirements, purchasing, manufacturing, customer lists, investors, employees, clients, business and contractual relationships, business forecasts, and sales and marketing plans). Confidential Information may be disclosed or accessible to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as embodied within tangible material (such as documents, drawings, pictures, graphics, software, hardware, graphs, charts, or disks), orally, or visually. 
    
       Conforming Amendment    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.01. 
    
       Connection Income Taxes    means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured 
  by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
    
       Contractual Obligation    means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
    
       Control    means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise.     Controlling    and    Controlled    have meanings correlative thereto. 

Credit Party    means the Borrower or any Guarantor and    Credit Parties    means, collectively, the Borrower and the Guarantors. 
       
       Debt Rating    means, as of any date of determination, the rating as determined by either Rating Agency of the Borrower's long term non-credit enhanced senior unsecured debt; provided that (a) if the Debt Ratings issued by the Rating Agencies differ, the higher of such Debt Ratings shall apply, (b) if the Borrower only has one Debt Rating, such Debt Rating shall apply and (c) if the Borrower does not have a Debt Rating, Pricing Level 6 shall apply. 
    
       Debt Service    means, for any period with respect to a Person s Indebtedness, the sum of all Interest Charges and regularly scheduled principal payments due and payable during such period, excluding any balloon payments due upon maturity of the Indebtedness, refinancing of the Indebtedness or repayments thereof in connection with asset sales; provided that Debt Service shall not include any Minority Interest s share of any of the foregoing.  Debt Service shall include the portion of rent payable by a Person during such period under Capital Lease Obligations that should be treated as principal in accordance with GAAP but shall exclude Interest Charges related to committed construction loans.   
    
       Debtor Relief Laws    means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
    
       Default    means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
    
       Default Rate    means an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate   plus   (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans   plus   (iii) 2% per annum;   provided  ,   however  , that with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan   plus   2% per annum. 
    
       Departing Lender        has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13. 
    
       Designated Jurisdiction    means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction. 
    
     Development  Investments    means, as of any date of determination, direct or indirect investments in Real Property which, as of such date, is the subject of ground up development to be used principally for office, laboratory, research, health sciences, technology, manufacturing or warehouse purposes and related real property (and appurtenant amenities);   provided  ,   that  , such Real Property or any portion thereof will only constitute a Development Investment from the date construction has commenced thereon until the date on which the Real Property and applicable improvements receive a final certificate of occupancy or equivalent certification allowing legal occupancy for its intended purpose. 
    
     Development Properties    means (A) Development Investments (the amount of such Investment shall be an amount equal to the aggregate costs incurred in connection therewith), (B) undeveloped land without improvements, and (C) any other Real Properties, other than improved real estate properties used principally for office, manufacturing, warehouse, research, laboratory, health sciences or technology purposes (and appurtenant amenities).  In determining Adjusted Tangible Assets on any date, the contribution to Adjusted Tangible Assets from Development Properties that are not owned 100%, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, shall be the book value of such Development Properties adjusted by multiplying same by the Borrower s or such Subsidiaries  interest therein as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending on or most recently prior to such date.          
    
     Disposition    or    Dispose    means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction and dispositions due to casualty or condemnation) of any property by any Person, including any  

sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
    
     Documentation Agents    means Compass Bank, Regions Bank, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., SunTrust Bank, TD Bank, N.A., Mizuho Bank (USA) and PNC Bank National Association, each in its capacity as co-documentation agent. 
    
       Dollar    and    $   mean lawful money of the United States. 
    
       Domestic Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. 
    
     EBITDA    means, with respect to any Person (or any asset of a Person) for any fiscal period and without double counting, the sum of (a) the Net Income of such Person (or attributable to assets of the Person) for that period, plus (b) the following to the extent deducted in calculating Net Income of such Person (or attributable to assets of such Person) (i) any non-recurring loss, plus (ii) Interest Expense for that period, plus (iii) the aggregate amount of federal and state taxes on or measured by income of such Person for that period (whether or not payable during that period), plus (iv) depreciation, amortization and all other non-cash expenses (including non-cash officer compensation and any write-down of goodwill pursuant to GAAP) of such Person for that period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP, plus (v) transaction costs, fees and expenses in connection with any capital markets offering, debt financing or amendment thereto, redemption or exchange of Indebtedness, Disposition, merger or acquisition (in each case, whether or not consummated), plus (vi) severance and restructuring charges plus (vii) charges related to the early extinguishment of Indebtedness minus (c) any non-operating, non-recurring gain to the extent included in calculating Net Income of such Person (or attributable to assets of such Person). 
    
     EEA Financial Institution    means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
    
     EEA Member Country    means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
    
     EEA Resolution Authority    means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
    
     Eligible Assignee    means (a) a Lender; (b) an Affiliate of a Lender; (c) an Approved Fund; and (d) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Administrative Agent, and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (on behalf of the Credit Parties) (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed);   provided   that notwithstanding the foregoing,  Eligible Assignee  shall not include the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries. 
    
       Environmental Laws    means any and all applicable Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions governing pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
    
       Environmental Liability    means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials,  

(d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
    
       Equity Interest    means, with respect to any Person, shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, and other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
    
       Equity Offering    means the issuance and sale by the Borrower or the Operating Partnership of any equity securities. 
    
       ERISA    means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. 
    
       ERISA Affiliate    means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
    
       ERISA Event    means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a  substantial employer  as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 of ERISA or the treatment of a Multiemployer Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA to the extent that such determination could reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect; or (h) the imposition of any material liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 
    
       EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule    means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time.       
    
       Eurodollar Rate    means: 
    
    (a)        for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any other Person which takes over the administration of that rate) LIBOR Rate (   LIBOR   ), as published by Reuters (or other commercially available source providing quotations of LIBOR as designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for deposits in Dollars (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period.  If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then the  Eurodollar Rate  for such Interest Period shall be the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of the Eurodollar Rate Loan being made, continued or converted by Citibank and with a term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Citibank s London Branch (or other Citibank branch or Affiliate) to major banks in the London interbank market for Dollars at their request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; and 

(b)        for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to (i) LIBOR, at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time determined two Business Days prior to such date for Dollar deposits being delivered in the London interbank market for a term of one month commencing that day or (ii) if such published rate is not available at such time for any reason, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which deposits in Dollars for delivery on the date of determination in same day funds in the approximate amount of the Base Rate Loan being made or maintained and with a term equal to one month would be offered by Citibank s London Branch to major banks in the London interbank Eurodollar market at their request at the date and time of determination. 
    
     Eurodollar Rate Loan    means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of  Eurodollar Rate.  
    
       Event of Default    has the meaning set forth in Section 8.01. 
    
       Excluded Indebtedness    means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries included in the definition of Total Indebtedness, as of such date of determination, either (a) which by its terms matures within twenty-four (24) months after such date of determination or (b) as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has the right to convert or any holder of such Indebtedness has the right to put or convert such Indebtedness within twenty-four (24) months after such date of determination. 
    
       Excluded Taxes    means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), and franchise Taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income Taxes), (i) by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located, or in which it is doing business, or in the case of any Lender, in which its applicable Lending Office is located or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, (c) other than with respect to an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 10.13, any United States Federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Person pursuant to a law in effect at the time such Person becomes a party hereto (or designates a new Lending Office), except to the extent that such Person (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of its appointment or designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 3.01(a), (d) any Taxes attributable to such Person s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 3.01(e), and (e) any United States Federal withholding tax imposed pursuant to FATCA. 
    
       Existing Maturity Date    has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(a). 
    
       Existing Term Loan Agreement    has the meaning specified in the Recitals to this Agreement. 
    
       FATCA    means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement 
  (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. 
    
       Federal Funds Rate    means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day;   provided  , that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) charged to Citibank on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. 

Fee Letter    means any letter agreement dated as of June 8, 2015 executed and delivered by the Borrower and/or the Operating Partnership in connection with this Agreement and to which any of the Arrangers and/or the Administrative Agent are party, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
    
       First Extension    has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(a). 
    
       Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the   ratio   obtained by dividing (a) Adjusted EBITDA for the period consisting of that fiscal quarter and the three immediately preceding fiscal quarters   by   (b) an amount equal to (i) Debt Service of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period,   plus   (ii) all Preferred Distributions (other than redemptions) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during such period. 
    
       Foreign Lender    means any Lender that is not a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
    
       FRB    means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
    
       Fund    means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business. 
    
       Funds From Operations    means, with respect to any fiscal period and without double counting, an amount equal to the Net Income (or deficit) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for that period computed on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of property, plus depreciation and amortization and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures;   provided   that Funds From Operations shall exclude one time or non-recurring charges and impairment charges, charges from the early extinguishment of indebtedness and other non-cash charges. Adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect Funds From Operations on the same basis.  Funds From Operations shall be reported in accordance with the NAREIT Policy Bulletin dated April 5, 2002, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
    
       GAAP    means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
    
       Governmental Authority    means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision or instrumentality thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
    
       Guarantee    means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness payable or performable by another Person (the    primary obligor   ) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien). The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in  

respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith.  The term  Guarantee  as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
    
       Guarantors    means the Operating Partnership and, if requested by the Borrower, any other Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower who becomes a Guarantor pursuant to Section 11.08. 
    
       Hazardous Materials    means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated under any Environmental Law. 
    
       Impacted Loans    has the meaning set forth in Section 3.03. 
       
       Indebtedness    means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with 
  GAAP: 
    
    (a)        all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 
    
    (b)        all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers  acceptances and bank guaranties; 
    
    (c)        net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 
    
    (d)        all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); 
    
    (e)        indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 
    
    (f)        Capital Lease Obligations; and 
    
    (g)        all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
    
    For all purposes hereof, (i) the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or is otherwise liable for such Indebtedness, except to the extent such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person and (ii) Indebtedness shall not include any Minority Interest s share of any of the foregoing.  The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date.  The amount of any Capital Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 
    
       Indemnified Taxes    means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
    
       Indemnitee    has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b). 
    
       Intangible Assets    means the value of all assets of a Person and its Subsidiaries (without duplication), determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, that are considered to be intangible assets under GAAP,   including   customer lists, goodwill, copyrights, trade names, trademarks, patents, franchises, licenses, unamortized deferred charges, unamortized debt discount and capitalized research and development costs. 

Interest Charges    means, as of the last day of any fiscal period and without double counting, the   sum     of   (a) Cash Interest Expense of a Person,   plus   (b) all interest currently payable in Cash by a Person which is incurred during that fiscal period and capitalized under GAAP,   minus   (c) any Minority Interest s share of Cash Interest Expense. 
    
       Interest Expense    means, with respect to any Person as of the last day of any fiscal period and without duplication, an amount equal to (a) all interest, fees, charges and related expenses paid or payable (without duplication) for that fiscal period by that Person to a lender in connection with borrowed money (including any obligations for fees, charges and related expenses payable to the issuer of any letter of credit) or the deferred purchase price of assets that are considered  interest expense  under GAAP,   plus   (b) the portion of rent paid or payable (without duplication) for that fiscal period by that Person under Capital Lease Obligations,   minus   (  or plus, as applicable  ) (c) amounts received (or paid) under Swap Contracts   plus   (d) all other amounts considered to be  interest expense  under GAAP. 
    
       Interest Payment Date    means the last Business Day of each month and, in any event, the Maturity Date. 
    
       Interest Period    means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or, in the case of any Eurodollar Rate Loan, converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan and ending on the date one or three months thereafter, or 7 days,  two or six months thereafter (in each case subject to availability), or such other period that is twelve months or less requested by the Borrower and consented to by all the Lenders, as selected by the Borrower in the applicable Loan Notice, as the case may be;   provided   that: 
    
    (i)        any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day; 
    
    (ii)        any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Rate Loan that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 
    
    (iii)        no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
    
       Investment    means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment, but reduced by any amounts received in respect of such Investment which constitute capital distributions, principal, sale proceeds or otherwise in respect thereof. 
    
       IP Rights    has the meaning specified in Section 5.16. 
    
       IRS    means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
    
       Joinder Agreement    means a joinder agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit F  . 
    
       Laws    means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration  

thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. 
    
       Lender    has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph. 
    
       Lender Party    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(a). 
    
       Lending Office    means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate.  Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
    
     Leverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing (a) Adjusted Total Indebtedness as of such date   by   (b) (i) the Adjusted Tangible Assets as of such date   minus   (ii) the amount of Excluded Indebtedness deducted in connection with the determination of Adjusted Total Indebtedness as of such date. 
    
       LIBOR    has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurodollar Rate.       
    
       Lien    means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment for security, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, other than a precautionary financing statement with respect to a lease that is not in the nature of a security interest). 
    
     Loan    means a term loan of any Type made to the Borrower by the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01. 
    
     Loan Amount    means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of the Loans then outstanding, which on the Closing Date is equal to $350,000,000. 
    
       Loan Documents    means this Agreement, each Note, each Fee Letter and any other instrument, document or agreement from time to time delivered by a Credit Party in connection with this Agreement. 
    
       Loan Notice    means a notice of (a) a Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a), which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of   Exhibit A  . 
    
       Material Acquisition    means an Acquisition by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in which the value of the assets acquired in such Acquisition exceeds five percent (5%) of Total Assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (after giving effect to such Acquisition). 
    
       Material Adverse Effect    means a material adverse effect on (a) the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document (other than as a result of any action or inaction of the Administrative Agent or any Lender), (b) the business or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or (c) the ability of the Credit Parties to perform the payment and other material Obligations under the Loan Documents. 
    
       Material Unsecured Indebtedness    means outstanding third party unsecured borrowed money Indebtedness (including guaranties thereof), in a principal amount equal to or greater than $25,000,000. 
    
       Maturity Date    means the later of (a) June 30, 2019 and (b) if the Existing Maturity Date is extended pursuant to Section 2.14, such extended Maturity Date as determined pursuant to such Section 2.14. 
    
       Maximum Rate    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.09. 

Minority Interest    means, with respect to any non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, direct or indirect, of the Borrower, any ownership interest of a third party in such Subsidiary. 
    
       Moody s    means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. 
    
       Mortgageable Ground Lease    means on any date of determination, a lease or similar arrangement providing the right to occupy Real Property (a) which is granted by the fee owner of Real Property, (b) which has a remaining term (calculated only once on the Closing Date or the date the Real Property subject to such lease becomes a Qualified Asset Pool Property) of not less than twenty-five (25) years, including extension options exercisable solely at the discretion of the Borrower or any applicable Subsidiary, (c) under which no material default has occurred and is continuing and (d) with respect to which a security interest may be granted (i) without the consent of the lessor or (ii) pursuant to the consent of the lessor, which consent has been granted. 
    
       Multiemployer Plan    means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
    
       Negative Pledge    means a Contractual Obligation that contains a covenant binding on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that prohibits Liens on any of their Property,   other     than   (a) any such covenant contained in a Contractual Obligation granting or relating to a particular Lien which affects only the property that is the subject of such Lien and (b) any such covenant that does not apply to, or otherwise permits, Liens which may secure the Obligations now or in the future. 
    
       Net Income    means, for any period and for any Person, the net income of the Person for that period, determined in accordance with GAAP;   provided   that there shall be excluded therefrom the net amount of any real estate gains or losses. 
    
       Net Rentable Area    means with respect to any Real Property, the floor area of any buildings, structures or improvements available for leasing to tenants (excluding storage lockers and parking spaces) determined in accordance with the Borrower s or its applicable Subsidiary s rent roll for such Real Property, the manner of such determination shall be consistently applied for all Real Property, unless otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent. 
    
       NOI    means, with respect to any Revenue-Producing Property and with respect to any fiscal period, the   sum   of (a) the net income of that Revenue-Producing Property for that period,   plus   (b) Interest Expense of that Revenue-Producing Property for that period,   plus   (c) the aggregate amount of federal and state taxes on or measured by income of that Revenue Producing Property for that period (whether or not payable during that period),   plus   (d) depreciation, amortization and all other non-cash expenses of that Revenue-Producing Property for that period, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
    
       Non-Recourse Debt    means Indebtedness of any Person for which the liability of such Person (except with respect to fraud, Environmental Laws liability, misapplication of funds, bankruptcy, transfer of collateral in violation of the applicable loan documents, failure to obtain consent for subordinate financing in violation of the applicable loan documents and other exceptions customary in like transactions at the time of the incurrence of such Indebtedness) either is contractually limited to collateral securing such Indebtedness or is so limited by operation of Laws. 
    
     Note    means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of, and payable to the order of, a Lender evidencing that portion of the Loan made by such Lender substantially in the form of   Exhibit C.      A Note shall be executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting such Note. 
    
       Obligations    means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations of, any Credit Party arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such  

Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
    
       Obligor Subsidiary    means any Subsidiary (other than the Operating Partnership) that is not a Guarantor but is obligated with respect to any Material Unsecured Indebtedness.  
    
       Obligor Subsidiary Debt    means third party unsecured borrowed money Indebtedness (including guaranties) of any Obligor Subsidiary. 
    
       OFAC    means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
    
       Operating Partnership    has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
    
       Organization Documents    means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
    
       Other Connection Taxes    means, with respect to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between the Administrative Agent or such Lender and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from the Administrative Agent or such Lender having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). 
    
       Other Investments    means Investments other than (a) Development Properties and (b) Investments in Real Property of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries consisting of improved real estate property used principally for office, laboratory, research, health sciences, technology, manufacturing or warehouse purposes (and appurtenant amenities).  In determining Adjusted Tangible Assets on any date, the contribution to Adjusted Tangible Assets from Other Investments that are not owned 100%, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, shall be the book value of such Other Investments adjusted by multiplying same by the Borrower s or such Subsidiaries  interest therein as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ending on or most recently prior to such date. 
    
       Other Taxes    means all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document;   provided,     however  , that  Other Taxes  shall not include such amounts to the extent imposed as a result of any transfer by any Lender or the Administrative Agent of any interest in or under any Loan Document. 
    
       Overnight Rate    means, for any day, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
    
       Participant    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(d). 
    
       Participant Register    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(d). 
    
       PBGC    means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 

Pension Funding Rules    means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in, with respect to plan years ending prior to the effective date of the Pension Act, Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of ERISA, each as in effect prior to the Pension Act and, thereafter, Section 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
    
       Pension Plan    means any  employee pension benefit plan  (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) including a multiple employer plan but not including a Multiemployer Plan; that is maintained or is contributed to by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and any ERISA Affiliate and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
    
       Permitted Liens    means: 
    
  (a)  inchoate Liens incident to construction on or maintenance of Property; or Liens incident to construction on or maintenance of Property now or hereafter filed of record for which adequate reserves have been set aside, to the extent required by GAAP (or deposits made pursuant to applicable Law), and which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and have not proceeded to judgment, provided that, by reason of nonpayment of the obligations secured by such Liens, no such Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture; 
    
  (b)  Liens for taxes and assessments on Property which are not yet past due; or Liens for Taxes for which adequate reserves have been set aside, to the extent required by GAAP, and are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and have not proceeded to judgment,   provided   that, by reason of nonpayment of the obligations secured by such Liens, no such Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture;  
    
  (c)  defects and irregularities in title to any Property which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;  
    
  (d)  easements, exceptions, reservations, or other agreements for the purpose of pipelines, conduits, cables, wire communication lines, power lines and substations, streets, trails, walkways, drainage, irrigation, water, and sewerage purposes, dikes, canals, ditches, the removal of oil, gas, coal, or other minerals, and other like purposes affecting Property in the ordinary course; 
    
  (e)  easements, exceptions, reservations, or other agreements for the purpose of facilitating the joint or common use of Property in or adjacent to a shopping center, business or office park or similar project affecting Property in the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person;  
    
  (f)  rights reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate, or obligations or duties to any Governmental Authority with respect to, the use of any Property;  
    
  (g)  rights reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate, or obligations or duties to any Governmental Authority with respect to, any right, power, franchise, grant, license, or permit;  
    
  (h)  present or future zoning laws and ordinances or other laws and ordinances restricting the occupancy, use, or enjoyment of Property in the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person;  
    
  (i)  statutory Liens, other than those described in clauses (a) or (b) above, arising in the ordinary course of business (but not in connection with the incurrence of any Indebtedness) with respect to obligations which are not delinquent or are being contested in good faith, provided that, if delinquent, adequate reserves have been set aside with respect thereto, to the extent required by GAAP, and, by reason of nonpayment, no Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture; 

(j)  covenants, conditions, and restrictions affecting the use of Property which may not give rise to any Lien against such Property in the ordinary conduct of the  business of the applicable Person;  
    
  (k)  rights of tenants as tenants only under leases and rental agreements covering Property entered into in the ordinary course of business of the Person owning such Property;  
    
  (l)  Liens consisting of pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers  compensation laws or similar legislation, including Liens of judgments thereunder which are not currently dischargeable;  
    
  (m)  Liens consisting of pledges or deposits of Property to secure performance in connection with operating leases made in the ordinary course of business; 
    
  (n)  deposits to secure the performance of bids, contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety bonds (other than bonds related to judgments or litigation), performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;  
    
  (o)  Liens consisting of any right of offset, or statutory bankers  lien, on bank deposit accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business so long as such bank deposit accounts are not established or maintained for the purpose of providing such right of offset or bankers  lien;  
    
  (p)  Liens consisting of deposits of Property to secure statutory obligations of any Credit Party or any Subsidiary; 
    
  (q)  Liens securing Obligations; and  
    
  (r)  Liens created by or resulting from any litigation or legal proceeding in the ordinary course of business which is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that, adequate reserves have been set aside and no material Property is subject to a material impending risk of loss or forfeiture. 
    
       Permitted Purposes    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.07(a). 
    
       Person    means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
    
       Plan    means any  employee benefit plan  (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) established by the Borrower, or with respect to any such plan that is subject to Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA, any ERISA Affiliate. 
    
       Platform    has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02. 
    
       Preferred Distributions    means for any period, the amount of any and all Restricted Payments due and payable in cash by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries during such period to the holders of Preferred Equity but shall not include (i) any Minority Interest s share of any such Restricted Payments or (ii) any such Restricted Payments paid to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries. 
    
       Preferred Equity    means any form of preferred stock (whether perpetual, convertible or otherwise) or other ownership or beneficial interest in the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that entitles the holders thereof to preferential payment or distribution priority with respect to dividends, assets or other payments over the holders of any other stock or other ownership or beneficial interest in such Person. 
    
       Property    means all assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, whether real property or personal property. 
    
       Public Lender    has the meaning set forth in Section 6.02. 

Qualified Asset Pool Property    means Qualified Land, Qualified Revenue-Producing Property, Qualified Development Assets and Qualified Joint Venture Property. 
    
       Qualified Development Asset    means a Real Property that: 
    
           (a) 
    satisfies the Base Qualifications; 
       
           (b) 
    constitutes a Development Investment; and 
       
           (c) 
    does not otherwise constitute a Qualified Revenue-Producing Property or Qualified Land. 
       
     Qualified Joint Venture Property    means a Real Property, owned and controlled by a direct or indirect non-wholly-owned Subsidiary, that is any of a Qualified Revenue-Producing Property, Qualified Land and/or a Qualified Development Asset.  For purposes of this definition  controlled  means exclusive control of any disposition, refinancing and operating activity without the consent of any other party (other than (i) the Borrower or (ii) any of its Subsidiaries, as long as such Subsidiary does not need the consent of any minority equity holder thereof to consent to any disposition, refinancing or operating activity).   
    
     Qualified Land    means, as of any date of determination, without duplication, Real Property that: 
    
           (a) 
    satisfies the Base Qualifications; 
       
           (b) 
    is entitled; and 
       
           (c) 
    does not otherwise constitute a Qualified Revenue-Producing Property or Qualified Development Asset. 
       
       Qualified  Revenue Producing  Property    means a Revenue Producing Property that: 
    
           (a) 
    satisfies the Base Qualifications; 
       
           (b) 
    is occupied or available for occupancy (subject to final tenant improvements); and 
       
           (c) 
    does not otherwise constitute a Qualified Development Asset or Qualified Land. 
       
       Rating Agencies    means (a) S P and (b) Moody s. 
    
       Real Property    means, as of any date of determination, real property (together with the underlying real property interests and appurtenant real property rights) then owned, leased or occupied by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries.  
    
       Register    has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c). 
    
       REIT Status    means, with respect to any Person, (a) the qualification of such Person as a real estate investment trust under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, and (b) the applicability to such Person and its shareholders of the method of taxation provided for in Sections 857   et     seq  . of the Code. 
    
       Related Parties    means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
    
       Replacement Lender        has the meaning set forth in Section 10.13. 
    
       Reportable Event    means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. 

Required Lenders    means, as of any date of determination, Lenders holding in the aggregate more than 50% of the Loan Amount. 
    
       Responsible Officer    means, (a) with respect to delivery of executed copies of this Agreement or any Compliance Certificate, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or any executive vice president of the applicable Credit Party (or the partner or member or manager, as applicable), (b) solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II, any officer referred to in the foregoing clause (a) and any other officer or employee of the applicable Credit Party so designated by any of such officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Credit Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement between the applicable Credit Party and the Administrative Agent, and (c) for all other purposes, the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, secretary, assistant secretary or any executive vice president of the applicable Credit Party (or the partner or member or manager, as applicable).  Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Credit Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Credit Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Credit Party. 
    
       Restricted Payment    means, with respect to any equity interest or any warrant or option to purchase an equity interest issued by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (a) the retirement, redemption, purchase or other acquisition for Cash or for Property by the Borrower or such Subsidiary of any such security or interest (excluding any Indebtedness which by its terms is convertible into an Equity Interest), (b) the declaration or (without duplication) payment by the Borrower or such Subsidiary of any dividend in Cash or in Property on or with respect to any such security or interest and (c) any other payment in Cash or Property by the Borrower or such Subsidiary constituting a distribution under applicable Laws with respect to such security or interest. 
    
       Revenue-Producing Property    means an identifiable improved Real Property that is used principally for office, laboratory, research, health sciences, technology, manufacturing or warehouse purposes and related real property (and appurtenant amenities), or for such other revenue-producing purposes as the Required Lenders may approve. 
    
       Revolving Credit Agreement    means that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, among the Borrower, the Operating Partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, each of the letter of credit issuers from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
       Revolving Credit Loan Documents    means  Loan Documents  as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
    
       Royal Bank    means Royal Bank of Canada and its successors. 
    
     S P    means Standard   Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard   Poor s Financial Services LLC business and any successor thereto. 
    
     Same Day Funds    means immediately available funds. 
    
     Sanction(s)    means any international economic sanction(s) administered or enforced by the United States Government (including, without limitation, OFAC). 
    
       ScotiaBank    means The Bank of Nova Scotia and its successors. 
    
     SEC    means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
    
     SEC Report    means all filings on Form 10 K, Form 10-Q or Form 8-K with the SEC made by the Borrower pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
    
       Second Extension    has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(a). 

Secured Debt    means, without duplication, (a) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that is secured by a Lien and (b) Obligor Subsidiary Debt;   provided  , that Secured Debt shall not include any of the Obligations.  
    
     Secured Debt Ratio    means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing (a) the Secured Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such date   by   (b) the Adjusted Tangible Assets, as of such date. 
    
     Solvent    means, as to any Person, that, as of any date of determination, (a) the amount of the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, exceed the amount of all liabilities of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as of such date, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its existing or anticipated debts as such debts become absolute and matured, and (c) such Person will not have as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business. 
    
     SPC    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(h). 
    
     Subsidiary    of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person.  Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a  Subsidiary  or to  Subsidiaries  shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
    
     Swap Contract    means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a    Master Agreement   ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
    
     Swap Termination Value    means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark to market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
    
     Syndication Agents    means Royal Bank and ScotiaBank, each in its capacity as co-syndication agent. 
    
     Taxes    means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
    
       Third Extension    has the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(a). 

Total Assets    means the value of all assets of a Person and its Subsidiaries (without duplication), determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that all Real Property shall be valued based on its Unencumbered Asset Value (it being understood that the Unencumbered Asset Value for any Real Property that is not a Qualified Asset Pool Property shall be calculated as if it was a Qualified Asset Pool Property).  In the event that a Person has an ownership or other equity interest in any other Person, which investment is not consolidated in accordance with GAAP (that is, such interest is a  minority interest ), then the assets of a Person and its Subsidiaries shall include such Person s or its Subsidiaries  allocable share of all assets of such Person in which a minority interest is owned based on such Person s respective ownership interest in such other Person. 
    
     Total Indebtedness    means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: 
    
  (a)        all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 
    
  (b)        all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers  acceptances and bank guaranties; 
    
  (c)        net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 
    
  (d)        all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); 
    
  (e)        indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 
    
  (f)        Capital Lease Obligations; and 
    
  (g)        all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing. 
    
  For all purposes hereof, Total Indebtedness shall not include any Minority Interest s share of any of the foregoing.  The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be (i) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (ii) for any date prior to the date referenced in clause (i), zero.  The amount of any Capital Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 
    
     Trade Date    has the meaning set forth in Section 10.06(b). 
    
     Type    means with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan. 
    
     Unencumbered    means, with respect to any Revenue Producing Property, Qualified Land or Qualified Development Assets, that such Revenue Producing Property, Qualified Land or Qualified Development Assets (a) is not subject to any Lien   other     than   Permitted Liens, (b) is not subject to any Negative Pledge and (c) is not held by a Person any of whose direct or indirect equity interests are subject to a Lien or Negative Pledge. 
    
     Unencumbered Asset Value    means, as of any date of determination and without double counting any item, the following amounts for the following types of Real Property: 
    
  (a)        with respect to any Qualified Revenue-Producing Property owned for a full four consecutive fiscal quarter period or longer, an amount equal to (i) the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the prior four full consecutive fiscal quarters divided by (ii) the Capitalization Rate;   provided   that in the event any such Real Property sustains any material damage, the value of any business interruption insurance proceeds owed to or received by the Borrower during such period with respect to such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property  

shall be included in the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the periods from the date of such material damage until such time as such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property becomes fully operational. 
    
  (b)        with respect to any Qualified Revenue-Producing Property owned for less than four full consecutive fiscal quarters, an amount equal to (i) the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the period which the Borrower or applicable Subsidiary has owned and operated such Real Property, adjusted by the Borrower to an annual Adjusted NOI in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent,   divided   by (ii) the Capitalization Rate;   provided   that in the event any such Real Property sustains any material damage, the value of any business interruption insurance proceeds owed to or received by the Borrower during such period with respect to such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property shall be included in the Adjusted NOI of such Real Property for the periods from the date of such material damage until such time as such Qualified Revenue-Producing Property becomes fully operational. 
    
  (c)        with respect to Qualified Revenue-Producing Property that is being renovated or with respect to which a partial or total renovation was recently completed, an amount as determined at the sole election of the Administrative Agent based on (i) the annualized Adjusted NOI with respect to such Real Property, annualized based on bona fide, arm s length signed tenant leases which are in full force and effect requiring current rental payments,   divided   by the Capitalization Rate, or (ii) the cost basis of such Real Property determined in accordance with GAAP   multiplied   by the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  percentage ownership interest in such Qualified Revenue Property. 
    
  (d)        with respect to any Real Property that constitutes Qualified Land, an amount equal to, at the option of the Borrower, (i) the cost basis as determined in accordance with GAAP or the Appraised Value (if any) of such Qualified Land   multiplied   by (ii) the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  percentage ownership interest in such Qualified Land. 
    
  (e)        with respect to any Real Property that constitutes Qualified Development Assets, an amount equal to (i) the cost basis as determined in accordance with GAAP of such Qualified Development Asset   multiplied   by (ii) the Borrower s or its Subsidiaries  percentage ownership interest in such Qualified Development Asset;   provided   that if all or any portion of a Qualified Development Asset is materially damaged, the value of such Qualified Development Asset shall be the amount assigned to such Qualified Development Asset prior to the damage less the amount (as determined by the Borrower in good faith) by which the casualty insurance proceeds that are owed or received in respect of such casualty event are insufficient to restore such Qualified Development Asset for a period of up to the lesser of (x) 365 days following such casualty event and (y) the date such Qualified Development Asset is restored and fully functional.   
    
     United States    and    U.S.    mean the United States of America. 
    
     Unrelated Person    means any Person other than (i) a Subsidiary of the Borrower, (ii) an employee stock ownership plan or other employee benefit plan covering the employees of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (iii) any Person that held Common Stock on the day prior to the effective date of the Borrower s registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 covering the initial public offering of Common Stock. 
    
     Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, the ratio obtained by dividing (a) the sum of the aggregate Adjusted NOI from the Qualified Asset Pool Properties for that fiscal quarter and the preceding three full fiscal quarters, by (b) the aggregate Interest Charges for such period in respect of the unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt). The Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio shall be determined by the Borrower and such determination shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall exclude interest during construction to the extent capitalized. 
    
     Unsecured Leverage Ratio    means, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, the ratio (as expressed as a percentage) of (a) (i) aggregate unsecured Adjusted Total Indebtedness as of such date   minus   (ii) Obligor Subsidiary Debt as of such date   to   (b) (i) the Adjusted Unencumbered Asset Value as of such date   minus   (ii) the amount of unsecured  

Excluded Indebtedness (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt) deducted in the calculation of aggregate unsecured Adjusted Total Indebtedness pursuant to clause (a)(i) above. 
    
     U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate    has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(B)(III). 
    
     Wholly Owned Subsidiary    means a Subsidiary of the Borrower, 100% of the capital stock or other equity interest of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Borrower, except for director s qualifying shares and normal shares issues to foreign nationals to the extent required by applicable Laws. 
    
     Write-Down and Conversion Powers    means, with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
    
  1.02        Other Interpretive Provisions  . 
    
  With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
    
  (a)        The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.  Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms.  The words  include,   includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase  without limitation.   The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word  shall.   Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words  hereto   herein,   hereof  and  hereunder,  and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof; (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law or regulation as amended, amended and restated, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words  asset  and  property  shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 
    
  (b)        In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word  from  means  from and including;  the words  to  and  until  each mean  to but excluding;  and the word  through  means  to and including.  
    
  (c)        Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
    
  1.03        Accounting Terms/Financial Covenants  . 
    
  (a)        Generally  .  All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining  

compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, the effects of FASB ASC 825     on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 
    
  (b)        Changes in GAAP or Funds From Operations  .  If at any time any change in GAAP or the calculation of Funds From Operations would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or Funds From Operations (subject to the approval of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP or Funds From Operations, as applicable, prior to such change therein and (ii) upon written request, the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent (for distribution to the Lenders) financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP or Funds From Operations.  Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for above. 
    
  (c)        Calculation of Financial Covenants  . For purposes of calculation of the applicable financial covenants, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be given credit for properties held by an  exchange accommodation titleholder  pursuant to an exchange that qualifies as a reverse exchange under Section 1031 of the Code (including in the event any such property is subject to a mortgage in favor of, or for the benefit of, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries). 
    
  1.04        Times of Day  .     
    
  Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Pacific time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
    
  ARTICLE II 
    
  THE COMMITMENTS AND BORROWINGS 
    
  2.01        Term Loans  .   
    
  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make the portion of the Loan Amount represented by its Commitment available to the Borrower on the Closing Date in an aggregate amount not to exceed such Lender s Commitment or the Loan Amount;   provided  ,   however  , that the $350,000,000 currently outstanding under the Existing Term Loan Agreement shall be deemed to be advanced under this Agreement and reallocated among the Lenders as set forth in   Schedule 2.01   on the Closing Date, without executing any Assignment and Assumption or any other documentation.  In addition, the existing Interest Period for the $350,000,000 currently outstanding under the Existing Term Loan Agreement (immediately after giving effect to any optional prepayments made thereunder on the Closing Date) shall end on the Closing Date and such Loans shall be continued or converted on the Closing Date as set forth in the Loan Notice delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.02(a).  Each Lender hereby waives any right to request compensation from the Borrower pursuant to Section 3.05 for any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of the ending of the existing Interest Period on the Closing Date.  The Loans shall be in Dollars and, except as set forth in the first sentence of this Section, drawn in a single Borrowing on the Closing Date.  The Lenders shall have no commitments hereunder to fund any additional Loans after the initial Borrowing.  To the extent all or any portion of the Loans are repaid or prepaid, they may not be reborrowed.   
    
  2.02        Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans  . 
    
  (a)        The Borrowing, each conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may  

be given by be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Loan Notice,   provided   that any telephonic notice shall be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Loan Notice.  Each such Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (i) 12:00 Noon three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) 12:00 Noon on the Business Day prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, and (iii) 12:00 Noon on the Business Day prior to the requested date of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Loans;   provided  ,   however  , that if the Borrower wishes to request Eurodollar Rate Loans having an Interest Period other than seven days, or one, two, three or six months in duration as provided in the definition of  Interest Period , (x) the applicable notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 Noon four Business Days prior to the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, whereupon the Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Lenders of such request and determine whether the requested Interest Period is acceptable to all of them and (y) not later than 12:00 Noon, three Business Days before the requested date of such Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower (which notice may be by telephone) whether or not the requested Interest Period has been consented to by all the Lenders.  Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $2,000,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof.  Each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $1,000,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof.  Each Loan Notice  shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting a Borrowing, a conversion of Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Loans are to be converted and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto.  If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Loans shall be made as, or converted to, (x) if a Default or Event of Default then exists, Base Rate Loans and (y) if no Default or Event of Default exists, Eurodollar Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one month.  Any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans.  If the Borrower requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any such Loan Notice, but fail to specify an Interest Period, they will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one month. 
    
  (b)        Following receipt of a Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans as described in the preceding subsection.  In the case of a Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 2:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Loan Notice.   
    
  (c)        Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan.  During the existence of a Default or Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. 
    
  (d)        The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate.  At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Citibank s base rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 
    
  (e)        After giving effect to all Borrowings, all conversions of Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than 12 Interest Periods in effect with respect to Loans. 
    
  (f)         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender. 

2.03        [Reserved]  . 
    
  2.04        [Reserved]  . 
    
  2.05        Prepayments  .   
    
  The Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 Noon (A) three Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans and (B) on the Business Day prior to the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $500,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of $500,000 or a whole multiple of $100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding.  Each such notice shall specify the date, the amount of such prepayment, and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid.  The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice and the contents thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment.  If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein; provided, however, that a notice of voluntary prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.05 may state that such notice is conditioned upon an event or other transaction, such as the effectiveness of other credit facilities or the receipt of the proceeds from the issuance of Indebtedness, in which case such notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.05 may be revoked by the Borrower if such condition is not satisfied (subject to Section 3.05(b) for any notice of a prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans that is revoked).  Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05.  Each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.05, to the extent the reallocation of Commitments set forth in Section 2.01 results in a Lender having a decreased Commitment or no Commitment under this Agreement, such Lender shall be entitled to all accrued interest on the amount by which such Lender s Commitment is decreased, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 (to the extent requested by any such Lender, in the manner set forth in Section 3.05), on the Closing Date. 
    
  2.06        [Reserved]  . 
    
  2.07        Repayment of Loans  .     
    
  The Borrower shall repay on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of the Loans outstanding on such date, together with all interest and accrued fees related thereto. 
    
  2.08        Interest  . 
    
  (a)        Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a     rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period   plus   the Applicable Rate;  and (ii) each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
    
  (b)        (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
    
  (ii)        If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear  

interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
    
  (iii)        Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above), the Borrower shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 
    
  (iv)        Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 
    
  (c)        Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (for interest accrued through the immediately preceding day) and at such other times as may be specified herein.  Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 
    
  2.09        Fees  .   
    
  (a)        The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account and for the account of the Lenders fees, in Dollars, in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter.  Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
    
  (b)        The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders such fees, in Dollars, as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified.  Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 
    
  2.10        Computation of Interest and Fees  . 
    
  All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed.  All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360 day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365 day year).  Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid;   provided   that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a), bear interest for one day.  Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
    
  2.11        Evidence of Debt  .   
    
  The Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business.  The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Loans made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon.  Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations.  In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error.  Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) the applicable Note(s), which shall evidence such Lender s Loans in addition to such accounts or records.  Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount, currency and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 

2.12        Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback  . 
    
  (a)        General  .  All payments to be made by a Credit Party shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by a Credit Party hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date specified herein.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States.  The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office.  All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 11:00 a.m. shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue.  If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, unless, in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Loan, such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 
    
           (b) 
    (i)        Funding by Lenders: Presumption by Administrative Agent  .  Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of the Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing     of Eurodollar Rate Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 Noon on the date of such Borrowing), the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount.  In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any reasonable administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to such Borrowing.  If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period.  If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing.  Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 
       
  (ii)        Payments by Borrower: Presumptions by Administrative Agent  .  Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due.  In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment and without relieving the Borrower s obligation to make such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. 
    
  A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or the Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
    
  (c)        Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent  .  If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II, and such funds  

are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Borrowing set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall promptly return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 
    
  (d)        Obligations of Lenders Several  .  The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint.  The failure of any Lender to make any Loan or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c). 
    
  (e)        Funding Source  .  Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 
    
  2.13        Sharing of Payments by Lenders  .  If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Loans made by it resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Loans and accrued interest thereon greater than its   pro     rata   share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them,   provided   that: 
    
  (a)        if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 
    
  (b)        the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of a Credit Party pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 
    
  Each Credit Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Credit Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Credit Party in the amount of such participation. 
    
  2.14        Extensions of Maturity Date  .   
  (a)        Requests for Extension of Maturity Date  .  The Borrower may request, (i) by written notice to the Administrative Agent provided not earlier than 90 days prior to, and not later than 30 days prior to, the Maturity Date then in effect hereunder (the    Existing Maturity Date   ), a six-month extension of the Existing Maturity Date (the    First Extension   ) with respect to the Loan Amount then outstanding,  (ii) thereafter, by written notice to the Administrative Agent provided not earlier than 90 days prior to, and not later than 30 days prior to the Existing Maturity Date (as extended pursuant to clause (i) of this sentence), an additional six-month extension of the Existing Maturity Date (the    Second Extension   ) with respect to the Loan Amount then outstanding and (iii) thereafter, by written notice to the Administrative Agent provided not earlier than 90 days prior to, and not later than 30 days prior to the Existing Maturity Date (as extended pursuant to clause (ii) of this sentence), an additional extension of the Existing Maturity Date until January 15, 2021 (the    Third Extension   ) with respect to the Loan Amount then outstanding (each such notice, an    Extension Request   ).  The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of each Extension Request, and each Lender shall extend such Lender s Maturity Date for the applicable time period in accordance with this Section 2.14(a) and subject to clause (b) below. 

(b)        Conditions to Effectiveness of Extensions  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, an extension of the then Existing Maturity Date pursuant to this Section shall not be effective unless: 
    
  (i)        no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such extension and after giving effect thereto; 
    
  (ii)        the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement are true and correct in all material respects, on and as of the date of such extension and after giving effect thereto, as though made on and as of such date except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date (in each case, without duplication of materiality qualifiers set forth in such representations and warranties), and except that the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (d) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements and projections furnished pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and 6.02(b), respectively; 
    
  (iii)        the Borrower pays the Administrative Agent, for distribution to the Lenders, based on their Applicable Percentages, an extension fee on or prior to the Existing Maturity Date in an amount equal to the product of (i) 0.075%,     multiplied by (ii) the Loan Amount at the time of the extension;  
    
  (iv)        with respect to the Second Extension pursuant to clause (a) above, the Borrower shall have previously exercised its First Extension right under such clause (a); and 
    
  (v)        with respect to the Third Extension pursuant to clause (a) above, the Borrower shall have previously exercised its Second Extension right under such clause (a). 
    
  (c)        Conflicting Provisions  .  This Section shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or 10.01 to the contrary. 

ARTICLE III 
    
  TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
    
  3.01        Taxes  . 
    
  (a)        Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold  .   
    
  (i)        Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Credit Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Laws (as determined in the good faith discretion of a Credit Party or the Administrative Agent).  If any applicable Laws require the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Administrative Agent or a Credit Party, then the Administrative Agent or such Credit Party shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding in accordance with Section 3.01(a)(ii). 
    
  (ii)        If any Credit Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding Taxes, from any payment, then (A) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the applicable Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01(a)(ii)) the applicable Lender receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 

(iii)        If any Credit Party or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws (other than the Code) to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required based upon the information and documentation it has received pursuant to subsection (e) below, (B) such Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the applicable Credit Party shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01) the Administrative Agent or the applicable Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
    
  (b)        Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower  .  Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law. 
    
  (c)        Indemnification for Taxes  .  (i)  Each Credit Party, to the extent the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender was not previously indemnified pursuant to Section 3.01(a), shall and does hereby indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01) payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such amounts, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Credit Party shall, and does hereby indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, for any amount which a Lender for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(ii) below. 
    
  (ii)  Each Lender shall, and does hereby, severally indemnify, and shall make payment in respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, (x) the Administrative Agent against any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that a Credit Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of any Credit Party to do so), (y) the Administrative Agent and the Credit Party, as applicable, against any Taxes attributable to such Lender's failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Credit Party, as applicable, against any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent or a Credit Party in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii). 
    
  (d)        Evidence of Payments  .  As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by a Credit Party to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01, such Credit Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
    
  (e)        Status of the Administrative Agent and Lenders  .  
    
  (i)        Any of the Administrative Agent or any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the  

Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, the Administrative Agent or any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(e)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. 
    
  (ii)        Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,  
    
  (A)        the Administrative Agent or any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which the Administrative Agent or such Lender becomes a party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;  
    
  (B)        any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 
    
  (I)  in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  interest  article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the  business profits  or  other income  article of such tax treaty; 
    
  (II)  executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
    
  (III)  in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit G-1   to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a  bank  within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a  10 percent shareholder  of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a  controlled foreign corporation  described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a    U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate   ) and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or 
    
  (IV)  to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W 8ECI, IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit G-2   or   Exhibit G-3  , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable;   provided   that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such  

Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of   Exhibit G-4   on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
    
  (C)        any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a party under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
    
  (D)        if a payment made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if the Administrative Agent or such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that the Administrative Agent or such Lender has complied with such party s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment.  Solely for purposes of this clause (D),  FATCA  shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
    
  (iii)        The Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
    
  (f)        Treatment of Certain Refunds  .  Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender.  If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Credit Party or with respect to which any Credit Party has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01, it shall pay to such Credit Party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out of pocket expenses (including Taxes) and net of any loss or gain realized in the conversion of such funds from or to another currency of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (  plus   any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection, in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid.  This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person or to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of any Credit Party any refund of any Taxes. 

(g)        Survival  .  Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
    
  3.02        Illegality  . 
    
  If any Lender determines in good faith that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Eurodollar Rate Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the applicable interbank market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended, and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist.  Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate.  Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted.   
    
  3.03        Inability to Determine Rates  . 
    
  If in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a conversion thereto or continuation thereof that (a) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine in good faith that for any reason (i) deposits are not being offered to banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for Dollars for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Rate Loan or (ii) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan or in connection with an existing proposed Base Rate Loan (in each case with respect to clause (a)(i) above,    Impacted Loans   ), or (b) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine in good faith that for any reason the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender.  Thereafter,(x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurodollar Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice.  Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. 
    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in clause (a)(i) of this Section, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower and the Required Lenders, may establish an alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the Impacted Loans until (x) the Administrative Agent revokes the notice delivered with respect to the  

Impacted Loans under clause (a)(i) of this Section, (y) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding the Impacted Loans, or (z) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the Borrower written notice thereof. 
    
  3.04        Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans  . 
    
  (a)        Increased Costs Generally  .  If any Change in     Law shall: 
    
  (i)        impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e)); or 
    
  (ii)        subject any Lender to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (e) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or 
    
  (iii)        impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Loans made by such Lender or participation therein (other than with respect to Taxes, which shall be governed solely by Section 3.01); 
    
  and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender , which such Lender deems material in its reasonable discretion, of making or maintaining any Loan the interest on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender, the Borrower will pay to such Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
    
  (b)        Capital Requirements  .  If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity ratios or requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material in its reasonable discretion, then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s holding company for any such reduction suffered. 
    
  (c)        Certificates for Reimbursement  .  A certificate of a Lender setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for and the calculation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof. 
    
  (d)        Delay in Requests  .  Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the provisions of this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation, provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the provisions of this Section for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than three months prior to the date that such Lender notifies  

the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the three month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
    
  (e)        Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans  .  The Borrower shall pay to each Lender (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as  Eurocurrency liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any other central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Eurodollar Rate Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), which in each case, shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan; provided, the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days  prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender.  If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or costs shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice.  Any Lender which gives notice under this Section 3.04(e) shall promptly withdraw such notice (by written notice of withdrawal given to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower) in the event such Lender is no longer required to maintain such reserves or the circumstances giving rise to such notice shall otherwise cease to exist. 
    
  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 3.04, the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay any greater amounts than such Lender(s) is (are) generally charging other borrowers on loans similarly situated to the Borrower that are parties to similar credit agreements. 
    
  3.05        Compensation for Losses  . 
    
  Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
    
  (a)        any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 
    
  (b)        any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert to any Eurodollar Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower;  
    
  (c)        any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13; or 
    
  (d)        the reallocation of Commitments as set forth in Section 2.01; 
    
  including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract (but excluding any loss of anticipated profits).  The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
    
  For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05, each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Rate used in determining the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank eurodollar market  

for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation for such amounts, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
    
  3.06        Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders  . 
    
  (a)        Designation of a Different Lending Office  .  Each Lender may make any Loan to the Borrower through any Lending Office,   provided   that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02, then at the request of Borrower, such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04, as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02, as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender.  The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
    
  (b)        Replacement of Lenders  .  If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different Lending Office in accordance with Section 3.06(a), or if material amounts are paid to such Lender under Section 3.05, the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13. 
    
  3.07        Survival  . 
    
  All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments and repayment of all other Obligations hereunder. 

ARTICLE IV 
    
  CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE EFFECTIVENESS OF 
  THIS AGREEMENT AND THE BORROWING 
    
  4.01        Conditions of Effectiveness of this Agreement  . 
    
  The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligation of each Lender to make its Loan available on the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
    
  (a)        The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or telecopies or other electronic imaging transmission (e.g.  pdf  via e-mail) (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Credit Party (to the extent applicable), each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: 
    
  (i)        executed counterparts of this Agreement; 
    
  (ii)        a Note executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting a Note; 
    
  (iii)        such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Credit Party as the Administrative Agent may require  

evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized as of the date hereof to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Credit Party is a party; 
    
  (iv)        such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Credit Party is duly organized or formed (including, without limitation, articles or certificates of incorporation or other charter documents and bylaws or other governance documents of each Credit Party), and that each Credit Party is validly existing and in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization and the tax identification number for each Credit Party; 
    
  (v)        favorable opinions of each counsel to the Credit Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to the matters concerning the Credit Parties and the Loan Documents as the Required Lenders may reasonably request; 
    
  (vi)        a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Credit Parties either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party and the validity against such Credit Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (other than such consents and approvals delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(iii)), and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required (other than such consents and approvals delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(a)(iii)); 
    
  (vii)        a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Credit Parties certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied and (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and 
    
  (viii)        such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders reasonably may require. 
    
  (b)        Any fees required to be paid by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders on or before the Closing Date shall have been, or concurrently with the Closing Date are being, paid. 
    
  (c)        Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent to the extent invoiced prior to or on the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings (provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 
    
  Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 9.04, for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
    
  4.02        Additional Conditions to Effectiveness  . 
    
  The obligation of each Lender to make its Loan available on the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
    
  (a)        The representations and warranties of each Credit Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date in all material respects, except to the extent  

that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date. 
    
  (b)        No Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from the proposed Borrowing on the Closing Date or from the application of the proceeds thereof. 
    
  ARTICLE V 
    
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
    
  Each Credit Party represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
    
  5.01        Existence, Qualification and Power; Compliance with Laws  . 
    
  Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization except to the extent permitted by Sections 7.03 or 10.20, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license, and (d) is in compliance with all Laws; except in each case referred to in clause  (a) (solely as to Subsidiaries that are not Credit Parties), (b)(i), (c) or (d), to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.02        Authorization; No Contravention  . 
    
  The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law, except, in each case referred to in clause (b) or (c), as contemplated hereunder or to the extent such conflict, breach, contravention or violation, or creation of any such Lien or required payment could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.03        Governmental Authorization; Other Consents  . 
    
  No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Credit Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document other than those that have already been made or obtained and remain in full force and effect or those which, if not made or obtained, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.04        Binding Effect  . 
    
  This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Credit Party party thereto.  This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Credit Party party thereto, enforceable against each such Credit Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

5.05        Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect  . 
    
  (a)        The Audited Financial Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. 
    
  (b)        The unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(b) for the most recent fiscal quarter end, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, subject to the absence of footnotes and to normal year end audit adjustments. 
    
  (c)        Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  (d)        The consolidated financial projections of the Borrower previously delivered to the Administrative Agent as to the projected compliance with the financial covenants contained in Section 7.09 for the 2016, 2017 and 2018 fiscal years were prepared in good faith on the basis of the assumptions stated therein, which assumptions were fair in light of the conditions existing at the time of delivery of such forecasts (it being understood that such financial projections are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, which may be beyond the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and that no assurance is given by the Borrower that such projections will be realized). 
    
  5.06        Litigation  . 
    
  There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against any Credit Party or any of their Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) challenge the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (b) either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.07        No Default  . 
    
  No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
    
  5.08        Ownership of Property  . 
    
  Each of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries has good record and marketable title in fee simple (subject to the rights of other parties as owners of condominium units)     to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.   
    
  5.09        Environmental Compliance  . 
    
  The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries are not in violation of any Environmental Laws and not subject to liabilities or claims thereunder that could, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.10        Insurance  . 
    
  The properties of each Credit Party and its Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Credit Parties, in such amounts and with such deductibles and covering such  

risks as are customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where such Credit Party or the applicable Subsidiary operates. 
    
  5.11        Taxes  . 
    
  The Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other Tax returns and reports required to be filed and have paid all Federal, state and other Taxes levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP (to the extent required by GAAP) or (b) where failure to comply with the foregoing could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There is no proposed tax assessment against a Credit Party or any of their Subsidiaries that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.12        ERISA Compliance  . 
    
  (a)        Except as could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect, each Plan is in compliance in all respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws.  Each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Pension Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by the Internal Revenue Service.  To the knowledge of the Credit Parties, nothing has occurred that would cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 
    
  (b)        There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Credit Parties, threatened in writing claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  There has been no prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  (c)        (i) Except as could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect, no ERISA Event has occurred, and neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan; (ii) each Credit Party and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60% or higher except where the failure to attain such funding target attainment percentage could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect, and neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60% as of the most recent valuation date except where such drop in funding target attainment percentage could not reasonably be expected to give rise to a Material Adverse Effect; and (iv) neither any Credit Party nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA. 
    
  5.13        Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act; REIT Status  . 
    
  (a)        Neither the making of any Loan hereunder nor the use of proceeds thereof will violate the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the FRB. 
    
  (b)        None of the Credit Parties is or is required to be registered as an  investment company  under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
    
  (c)        The Borrower currently has REIT Status. 

5.14        Disclosure  . 
    
  No report, financial statement, certificate or other written information (other than projected financial information and information of a general economic or general industry nature) furnished by or on behalf of any Credit Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, taken as a whole and as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading;   provided   that, with respect to projected financial information, the Credit Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Credit Parties to be reasonable at the time made (it being understood that such financial projections are subject to uncertainties and contingencies, which may be beyond the control of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and that no assurance is given by the Borrower that such projections will be realized). 
    
  5.15        Compliance with Laws  . 
    
  Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.16        Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 
    
  Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively,    IP Rights   ) that are reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, without conflict with the rights of any other Person except to the extent that failure to so own or possess such IP Rights or any such conflict, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  No claim or litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, which, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.17        EEA Financial Institution  . 
    
  Neither the Borrower nor any other Credit Party is an EEA Financial Institution. 
    
  5.18        Property  . 
    
  All of the Credit Parties  and their respective Subsidiaries  Properties are in good repair and condition, subject to ordinary wear and tear, other than with respect to deferred maintenance existing as of the date of acquisition of such Property and except for such defects relating to properties which, either individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  5.19        OFAC  . 
    
  Neither the Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, employee, agent or affiliate thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, is Controlled by any individual or entity that is (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction.   
    
  5.20        Solvency  . 
    
  As of the Closing Date and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including all of the Loans made or to be made hereunder and Letters of Credit issued or to be  

issued hereunder (including but not limited to, the date any such Loan is made or Letter of Credit is issued), the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) are Solvent. 
    
  5.21        Anti-Corruption Laws  . 
    
  No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or indirectly, in violation of the laws of the United States or other jurisdiction, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or the UK Bribery Act 2010. 

ARTICLE VI 
    
  AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
    
  So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnity obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, the Credit Parties shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01, 6.02 and 6.03) cause each Subsidiary to: 
    
  6.01        Financial Statements  . 
    
  Deliver to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall deliver to each Lender): 
    
  (a)        Within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year and the consolidated statements of income, stockholders  equity and cash flows, in each case of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, all in reasonable detail.  Such financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied, audited     and shall be accompanied by a report of Ernst   Young LLP or other independent public accountants of recognized standing, which report and opinion     shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards as at such date, and shall not be subject to any  going concern  or like qualifications or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of the audit; and 
    
  (b)        Within 60 days after the end of each fiscal quarter (other than the fourth fiscal quarter in any fiscal year), the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter and the consolidated statements of income and cash flows for such fiscal quarter, and the portion of the fiscal year ended with such fiscal quarter, all in reasonable detail.  Such financial statements shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as fairly presenting in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP (other than footnote disclosures), consistently applied, as at such date and for such periods, subject only to normal year end accruals and audit adjustments. 
    
  6.02        Certificates; Other Information  . 
    
  Deliver to the Administrative Agent (and the Administrative Agent shall deliver to each Lender), in form and detail reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 
    
  (a)        Concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b), a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer; 
    
  (b)        No later than 90 days after the commencement of each fiscal year, an annual forecast for the then-current fiscal year in reasonable detail; 
    
  (c)        [Reserved]; 

(d)        Promptly after the same are available, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after filing with the SEC, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Borrower, and copies of all publicly available annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.01 or other provisions of this Section 6.02; 
    
  (e)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the occurrence of any (i) Reportable Event or (ii) non exempt  prohibited transaction  (as such term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Pension Plan or any trust created thereunder that could reasonably be expected to give rise to a material liability, written notice thereof and specifying what action the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto, and, when known, any action taken by the IRS with respect thereto; 
    
  (f)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of the existence of any condition or event which constitutes a Default or Event of Default, written notice thereof and specifying what action the Borrower is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto; 
    
  (g)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware that any Person has commenced a legal proceeding with respect to a claim against the Credit Parties or their respective Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, written notice describing the pertinent facts relating thereto and what action Borrower or its Subsidiaries are taking or propose to take with respect thereto; 
    
  (h)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware of a change in the Debt Rating, written notice of such change; 
    
  (i)        Promptly upon a Responsible Officer becoming aware, notice of any material change in accounting policies by the Borrower or any other Credit Party (except to the extent disclosed in the financial statements next delivered pursuant to Section 6.01); and 
    
  (j)        Such other data and information with respect to the Borrower or any Subsidiary as from time to time may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
    
  Documents required to be delivered pursuant to this Agreement (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Credit Parties post such documents, or provide a link thereto on the Credit Parties  website on the Internet at the website address listed on   Schedule 10.02   or on such other website as set forth in a written notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Credit Parties  behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent), including the SEC s EDGAR website;   provided   that the Credit Parties shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent for any Lender that requests in writing to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that the Credit Parties deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender.  The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Credit Parties with any such request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
    
  The Credit Parties hereby acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Credit Parties hereunder (collectively,    Borrower Materials   ) by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the    Platform   ) and (b) certain of the Lenders may be  public side  Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material non public information with respect to the Credit Parties or their securities) (each, a    Public Lender   ).  The Credit Parties hereby agree that (w) all Borrower Materials (other than SEC Reports) that are to be  

made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked  PUBLIC  which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word  PUBLIC  shall appear prominently on the first page thereof, (x) by marking Borrower Materials  PUBLIC,  the Credit Parties shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as either publicly available information or not containing any material non-public information (although it may be sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws; (y) all SEC Reports and all Borrower Materials marked  PUBLIC  are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated  Public Investor;  and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials (other than SEC Reports) that are not marked  PUBLIC  as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated  Public Investor.  The Credit Parties shall be in compliance with all requirements to deliver information under this Agreement if they have made such information available to the Administrative Agent and, to the extent required, Lenders other than Public Lenders, and the failure of Public Lenders to receive information made available to other Lenders shall not result in any breach of this Agreement. 
    
  6.03        Payment of Obligations  . 
    
  Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless (a) the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Credit Parties or such Subsidiary (to the extent required by GAAP) or (b) the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  6.04        Preservation of Existence, Etc  . 
    
  (a)        Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect the legal existence and good standing of the Credit Parties under the Laws of the jurisdiction of their organization except in a transaction permitted by Sections 7.03 or 10.20 and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  6.05        Maintenance of Properties  . 
    
  (a)        Maintain, preserve and protect all of its properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and subject to exceptions for extraordinary or reasonably unforeseeable events in each case except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof in a reasonably timely manner except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
    
  6.06        Maintenance of Insurance  . 
    
  Maintain liability, casualty and other insurance (subject to customary deductibles and retentions) with responsible insurance companies in such amounts and against such risks as is customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar assets in the general areas in which the Credit Parties or such Subsidiaries, as applicable, operate.  
    
  6.07        Compliance with Laws  . 
    
  Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws (including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010) and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

6.08        Books and Records  . 
    
  (a)        Maintain proper books of record and account, in which entries true and correct in all material respects are made in conformity with GAAP consistently applied; and (b) maintain such books of record and account in material conformity with all applicable requirements of any Governmental Authority having regulatory jurisdiction over the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries, as the case may be. 
    
  6.09        Inspection Rights  . 
    
  Permit the Lenders, through the Administrative Agent or any representative designated by the Administrative Agent, at the Credit Parties  expense, to visit and inspect any of the properties of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries (subject to the rights of any tenants), to examine the books of account of the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries (and to make copies thereof and extracts therefrom) and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries with, and to be advised as to the same by, their Responsible Officers, all at such reasonable times (during normal business hours) and intervals as the Administrative Agent or any Lender (through the Administrative Agent) may reasonably request upon not less than four (4) Business Days  notice;   provided  ,   however  , that inspections made at the Credit Parties  expense shall be limited to once per year, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing.  The Lenders shall use good faith efforts to coordinate such visits and inspections so as to minimize the interference with and disruption to the Credit Parties  or such Subsidiaries  normal business operations.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.09, no Credit Party nor any of their Subsidiaries will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making of extracts, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (i) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent (or its designated representative) or any Lender is then prohibited by law or any agreement binding on any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product. 
    
  6.10        Use of Proceeds  . 
    
  Use the proceeds of the Loans for working capital and general corporate purposes (including repayments of Indebtedness) not in contravention of any Laws or any Loan Documents.   
    
  ARTICLE VII 
    
  NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
    
  So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder (other than contingent indemnity obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, each Credit Party shall not, nor shall it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: 
    
  7.01        [  Reserved  ]. 
    
  7.02        [  Reserved  ]. 
    
  7.03        Fundamental Changes  . 
    
  Merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate with or into another Person, except that, so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom and subject to the proviso below, (a) a Credit Party may merge or consolidate with or into one or more other Credit Parties, (b) any Subsidiary (other than the Operating Partnership) may merge or consolidate with or into a Credit Party or another Subsidiary or may dissolve or liquidate, or (c) any other merger, dissolution, liquidation or consolidation that does not result in a Change of Control shall be permitted;   provided  , that (i) if the Borrower or the Operating Partnership is a party to any merger or consolidation permitted under this Section 7.03, it shall be the surviving entity, and (ii) in no event shall the Borrower and the Operating Partnership be permitted to merge or consolidate with each other. 

7.04        Restricted Payments  . 
    
  In the case of the Borrower, make any Restricted Payment if an Event of Default exists, except so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing under Section 8.01(a) or would result therefrom, such Restricted Payment shall be permitted in an amount not to exceed the greater of (A) the amount which, when added to the amount of all other Restricted Payments paid by the Borrower in the same fiscal quarter and the preceding three fiscal quarters, would not exceed 95% of Funds From Operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the four consecutive fiscal quarters ending prior to the fiscal quarter in which such Restricted Payment is paid and (B) the minimum amount of Restricted Payments required (I) under the Code to maintain and preserve Borrower s REIT Status or (II) to avoid the payment of federal or state income or excise tax;   provided     however  , that if an Event of Default under Section 8.01(a) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may only make Restricted Payments in the minimum amount necessary to comply with Section 857(a) of the Code and maintain the Borrower s REIT Status. 
    
  7.05        Change in Nature of Business  . 
    
  Make any material change in the principal nature of the business of the Credit Parties and their Subsidiaries, such business being the acquisition, ownership, management, development and renovation of real property and buildings for use as office, office/laboratory, research, health sciences, technology or manufacturing/warehouse properties and related real property (and appurtenant amenities). 
    
  7.06        Transactions with Affiliates  . 
    
  Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Credit Parties or their respective Subsidiaries other than (a) salary, bonus, employee stock option, relocation assistance and other compensation arrangements with directors or officers in the ordinary course of business, (b) transactions that are fully disclosed to the board of directors of the Borrower and expressly authorized by a resolution of the board of directors of the Borrower which is approved by a majority of the directors not having an interest in the transaction, (c) transactions permitted by this Agreement, (d) transactions between or among Credit Parties and Subsidiaries and (e) transactions on overall terms substantially as favorable to Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries as would be the case in an arm s length transaction between unrelated parties. 
    
  7.07        Burdensome Agreements  . 
    
  Enter into any agreement, instrument or transaction which prohibits any Credit Party s ability to pledge to Administrative Agent any Qualified Asset Pool Property.  The Credit Parties, and their respective Subsidiaries, shall take such actions as are necessary to preserve the right and ability of the Credit Parties, and their respective Subsidiaries, to pledge to Administrative Agent for the benefit of Lenders the     Qualified Asset Pool Properties without any such pledge after the date hereof causing or permitting the acceleration (after the giving of notice or the passage of time, or otherwise) of any other Indebtedness of the Credit Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries.   
    
  7.08        [  Reserved  ].   
    
  7.09        Financial Covenants  . 
    
  (a)        Permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to be less than 1.50:1.00. 
    
  (b)        (i)  Subject to clause (ii) below, permit the Secured Debt Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to exceed 45.0%; or 
    
  (ii)        subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition, permit the Secured Debt Ratio, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs and as of the last day of each of the three consecutive fiscal quarters following such Material Acquisition, to exceed 50.0%. 

(c)        (i) Subject to clause (ii) below, permit the Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to exceed 60.0%; or 
    
    (ii)        subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition, permit the Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs and as of the last day of each of the three consecutive fiscal quarters following such Material Acquisition, to exceed 65.0%. 
    
  (d)        [Reserved]. 
    
  (e)        Permit the Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to be less than 1.50 to 1.00. 
    
  (f)        (i) Subject to clause (ii) below, permit the Unsecured Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, to exceed 60.0%; or 
    
  (ii)        subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition, permit the Unsecured Leverage Ratio, as of the last day of the fiscal quarter in which such Material Acquisition occurs and as of the last day of each of the three consecutive fiscal quarters following such Material Acquisition, to exceed 65.0%. 
    
  7.10        Sanctions  . 
    
  Knowingly directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Loan, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity in violation of Sanctions, or in any Designated Jurisdiction in violation of Sanctions, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any individual or entity (including any individual or entity participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, or otherwise) of Sanctions. 

ARTICLE VIII 
    
  EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
    
  8.01        Events of Default  . 
    
  Any of the following shall constitute an    Event of Default   : 
    
  (a)        Non Payment  .  Any Credit Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) within five Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 
    
  (b)        Specific Covenants  .  Any Credit Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Article VII; or 
    
  (c)        Other Defaults  .  Any Credit Party or Subsidiary fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 Business Days following written notice by Administrative Agent or, if such Default is not reasonably susceptible of cure within such period, within such longer period as is reasonably necessary to effect a cure so long as such Credit Party or such Subsidiary continues to diligently pursue cure of such Default but not in any event in excess of 60 Business Days; or 
    
  (d)        Representations and Warranties  .  Any representation or warranty by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries made in any Loan Document, or in any certificate or other writing delivered by a Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to any Loan Document, proves to have been incorrect when made or reaffirmed in any respect that is materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders; or 

(e)        Cross Default  .  Any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries (i) fails to pay the principal, or any principal installment, of any Indebtedness (other than Non Recourse Debt) of $100,000,000 or more required on its part to be paid when due (or within any stated grace period), whether at the stated maturity, upon acceleration, by reason of required prepayment or otherwise or (ii) fails to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement on its part to be performed or observed, or suffers any event of default to occur, in connection with any Indebtedness (other than Non Recourse Debt) of $100,000,000 or more, if as a result of such failure or sufferance any holder or holders thereof (or an agent or trustee on its or their behalf) has the right (after giving effect to any notice or grace periods applicable thereto) to declare such Indebtedness due before the date on which it otherwise would become due or the right (after giving effect to any notice or grace periods applicable thereto) to require a Credit Party or any such Subsidiary to redeem or purchase, or offer to redeem or purchase, all or any portion of such Indebtedness (provided, that for the purpose of this subsection (e), the principal amount of Indebtedness consisting of a Swap Contract shall be the amount which is then payable by the counterparty to close out the Swap Contract); or 
    
  (f)        Insolvency Proceedings, Etc  .  Any Credit Party or any Subsidiary institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 60 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 60 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 
    
  (g)        Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment  .  (i) Any Credit Party or any Subsidiary becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy; or 
    
  (h)        Judgments  .  There is entered against any Credit Party or any Subsidiary a final judgment or order for the payment of money in an aggregate amount exceeding $100,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), and (i) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (ii) such judgment or order shall continue unsatisfied and in effect for a period of 30 consecutive days without being vacated, discharged, satisfied or stayed or bonded pending appeal; or 
    
  (i)        ERISA  .  An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the Credit Parties or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 
    
  (j)        Invalidity of Loan Documents  .  Any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or relating to the satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Credit Party contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document; or any Credit Party denies that it has any liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document (except as specifically contemplated hereunder or thereunder); or 
    
  (k)        Change of Control  .  There occurs any Change of Control. 

8.02        Remedies Upon Event of Default  . 
    
  If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 
    
  (a)        declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Credit Parties; and 
    
  (b)        exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents; 
    
  provided,     however  , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any one or more of the Credit Parties under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
    
  8.03        Application of Funds  . 
    
  After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: 
    
  First  , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III) payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
    
  Second  , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender) and amounts payable under Article III), ratably among them in proportion to the amounts described in this clause   Second   payable to them; 
    
  Third  , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause   Third   payable to them; 
    
  Fourth  , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause   Fourth   held by them; and 
    
  Last  , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been paid in full, to the Credit Parties or as otherwise required by Law. 
    
  ARTICLE IX 
    
  ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
    
  9.01        Appointment and Authority  . 
    
  Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto.  The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and except as set forth in Section 9.06, neither the Borrower nor  

any other Credit Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.  It is understood and agreed that the use of the term  agent  herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
    
  9.02        Rights as a Lender  . 
    
  The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term  Lender  or  Lenders  shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity.  Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Credit Parties or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.   
    
  9.03        Exculpatory Provisions  . 
    
  The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 
    
  (a)        shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
    
  (b)        shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 
    
  (c)        shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Credit Parties or any of their Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
    
  The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number, percentage or class of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment.  The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until notice describing such Default or Event of Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender. 
    
  The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v)  

the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
    
  9.04        Reliance by Administrative Agent  . 
    
  The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person.  The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon.  In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan.  The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
    
  9.05        Delegation of Duties  . 
    
  The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties.  The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent.  The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
    
  9.06        Successor Administrative Agent  . 
    
  (a)  The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower.  The Required Lenders may remove the Administrative Agent from its capacity as Administrative Agent in the event of the Administrative Agent s willful misconduct or gross negligence.  Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation or the removal of the Administrative Agent as Administrative Agent hereunder, the Required Lenders shall have the right (with the consent of the Borrower provided there does not exist an Event of Default at such time), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States.  If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders (with the consent of the Borrower provided there does not exist an Event of Default at such time) and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation or the Required Lenders remove the Administrative Agent hereunder, then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above;   provided   that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation or removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice (the    Retirement Effective Date   ). 
    
  (b)   With effect from the Retirement Effective Date: (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to  

each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section.  Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01(f) and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Retirement Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section).  The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor.  After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including (A) acting as collateral agent or otherwise holding any collateral security on behalf of any of the Lenders and (B) in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
    
  9.07        Non Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders  . 
    
  Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement.  Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
    
  9.08        No Other Duties, Etc  . 
    
  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Syndication Agents, the Documentation Agents or Arrangers listed on the cover page hereof or any additional titled agents which may be added thereto from time to time shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. 
    
  9.09        Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim  . 
    
  In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Credit Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
    
  (a)        to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, indemnification, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04) allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
    
  (b)        to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other  

similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, indemnification, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04. 
    
  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
    
  9.10        Collateral and Borrower Matters  . 
    
  The Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion and the Administrative Agent hereby agrees: 
    
  (a)        to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) upon payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations), (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale not prohibited hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (iii) subject to Section 10.01, if approved, authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders; and 
    
  (b)        to release a Guarantor (other than the Operating Partnership) from liability for the Obligations in accordance with Section 10.20. 
    
  Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property. 
    
  9.11        No Obligations of Credit Parties  . 
    
  Nothing contained in this Article IX shall be deemed to impose upon the Credit Parties any obligation in respect of the due and punctual performance by the Administrative Agent of its obligations to the Lenders under any provision of this Agreement, and the Credit Parties shall have no liability to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders in respect of any failure by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to perform any of its obligations to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under this Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, where any provision of this Agreement relating to the payment of any amounts due and owing under the Loan Documents provides that such payments shall be made by the Credit Parties to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders, the Credit Parties  obligations to the Lenders in respect of such payments shall be deemed to be satisfied upon the making of such payments to the Administrative Agent in the manner provided by this Agreement. 

ARTICLE X 
    
  MISCELLANEOUS 
    
  10.01        Amendments, Etc  . 
    
  No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Credit Parties therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders (or the Administrative Agent with the written concurrence of the Required Lenders) and the Credit Parties, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given;   provided  ,   however  , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
    
  (a)        waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender; 

(b)        extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (subject to Section 2.14); 
    
  (c)        postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal or payment of interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby (subject to Section 2.14); 
    
  (d)        reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or (subject to clause (ii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01) any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby;   provided  ,   however  , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary (i) to amend the definition of  Default Rate  or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate or (ii) to amend any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein); 
    
  (e)        change Section 2.13 or Section 8.03 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender; 
    
  (f)        change any provision of this Section or the definition of  Required Lenders  or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; or 
    
  (g)        release (i) the Borrower or (ii) the Operating Partnership, as a Credit Party hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender; 
    
  and,   provided     further  , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; and (ii) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto.  
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Administrative Agent, with the consent of the Borrower, may amend, modify or supplement any Loan Document without the consent of any Lender or the Required Lenders in order to correct, amend or cure any ambiguity, inconsistency or defect or correct any typographical error or other manifest error in any Loan Document,   provided   that the Administrative Agent shall promptly give the Lenders notice of any such amendment, modification or supplement. 
    
  In the event that there is a proposal to modify, waive or restate, or request a consent or approval with respect to, any of the Revolving Credit Loan Documents with respect to a provision or term that is also in a Loan Document (including but not limited to a written waiver of an existing actual or potential Default or Event of Default that is intended to be eliminated by such modification, restatement or waiver) (each of the foregoing, a    Conforming Amendment   ), then, subject to the approval of the Required Lenders, simultaneously with such Conforming Amendment(s) taking effect under such Revolving Credit Loan Documents, all corresponding provisions contained in the Loan Documents shall be deemed modified or restated, or such waiver, consent or approval granted, in a manner corresponding to the Conforming Amendment(s), unless such modification, restatement, waiver, consent or approval requires the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby under the terms of this Section 10.01.  If requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall execute and deliver a written amendment to, restatement of, or waiver, consent or approval under, the applicable Loan Document to memorialize any Conforming Amendment that is deemed to apply to such documentation in accordance with the prior sentence.  In addition, the Borrower will be obligated to pay to Administrative Agent and the Lenders fees calculated in the same manner as any fees that the Borrower pays to the agents and the lenders under the Revolving Credit Agreement in connection with any Conforming Amendment (excluding any up-front fee, extension fee, or other similar fee paid in connection with an increase in the commitment amount under or an extension of the  

term of the Revolving Credit Agreement, except to the extent that there is a corresponding increase in Commitments hereunder or extension of the term hereof). 
    
  10.02        Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication  . 
    
  (a)        Notices Generally  .  Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
    
  (i)        if to a Credit Party or the Administrative Agent, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on   Schedule 10.02   and 
    
  (ii)        if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
    
  Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient).  Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
    
  (b)        Electronic Communications  .  Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e mail, FpML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication.  The Administrative Agent or a Credit Party may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to such Person(s) hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by such Person(s), provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
    
  Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the  return receipt requested  function, as available, return e mail or other written acknowledgement),   provided   that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. 
    
  (c)        The Platform  .  THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED  AS IS  AND  AS AVAILABLE.   THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS.  NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM.  In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the    Agent Parties   ) have any liability to the Credit Parties, any Lender, or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Credit Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of the Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent  

jurisdiction by a final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party;   provided  ,   however  , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Credit Party, any Lender, or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
    
  (d)        Change of Address, Etc  .  Each of the Credit Parties and the Administrative Agent may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.  Each Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.  In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. 
    
  (e)        Reliance by Administrative Agent and Lenders  .  The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Credit Parties even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof.  The Credit Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Credit Parties except to the extent resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Related Party.  All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Credit Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders;   provided  ,   however  , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13), or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Credit Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and   provided  ,   further  , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13, any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
    
  10.03        No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies  . 
    
  No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay     by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.  The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
    
  10.04        Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver  . 
    
  (a)        Costs and Expenses  .  The Credit Parties shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent (limited to one counsel, and, if applicable, one local counsel in each material jurisdiction)), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the  

preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or (B) in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans. 
    
  (b)        Indemnification by the Credit Parties  .  The Credit Parties shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub agent thereof) and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an    Indemnitee   ) against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by any Credit Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by any Credit Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, in all cases, whether or not caused by or arising, in whole or in part, out of the comparative, contributory or sole negligence of the Indemnitee; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or (y) result from a claim brought by any Credit Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if such Credit Party has obtained a final and non-appealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction.  This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from any non-Tax claim. 
    
  (c)        Reimbursement by Lenders  .  To the extent that the Credit Parties for any reason fail to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, and without limiting the obligation of the Credit Parties to do so, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub agent) in connection with such capacity.  The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d). 
    
  (d)        Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc  .  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee and any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof.  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein with respect to the waiver by the Indemnitees of claims for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages), such waiver by the Indemnitees shall not affect the indemnification obligations of the Credit Parties under this Section 10.04.  No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other  

information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby except to the extent of actual or direct damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 
    
  (e)        Payments  .  All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor (accompanied by reasonable back up documentation). 
    
  (f)        Survival  .  The agreements in this Section shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the passage of the Maturity Date and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
    
  10.05        Payments Set Aside  . 
    
  To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Credit Parties is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect.  The obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
    
  10.06        Successors and Assigns  . 
    
  (a)        Successors and Assigns Generally  .  The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that none of the Credit Parties may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section, or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment, or grant of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void).  Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement 
    
  (b)        Assignments by Lenders  .  Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 
    
  (i)        Minimum Amounts  . 
    
  (A)        in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 
    
  (B)        in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the  

Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if  Trade Date  is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than $5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, however, that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single assignee (or to an assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met; 
    
  (ii)        Proportionate Amounts  .  Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned; 
    
    (iii)        Required Consents  .  No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition: 
    
  (A)        the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund,   provided   that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Business Days after having received notice thereof; and 
    
  (B)        the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender. 
    
    (iv)        Assignment and Assumption  .  The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount $3,500;   provided  ,   however  , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment.  The assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
    
  (v)        No Assignment to Certain Persons  .  No such assignment shall be made to (A) a Credit Party or any of the Credit Parties  Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) a natural Person (or to a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of a natural Person). 
    
  Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04, 3.05, and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment.  Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note, as applicable, to the assignee Lender.  Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section. 
    
  (c)        Register  .  The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register  

for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of, and interest owing on, the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the    Register   ).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive (absent manifest error), and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.  The Register shall be available for inspection by each of the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.   
    
  (d)        Participations  .  Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, but with, subject to the proviso to the fourth sentence of the immediately succeeding paragraph prior written notice to, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Credit Party or any of the Credit Parties  Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a    Participant   ) in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or the Loans owing to it);   provided   that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. 
    
  Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement;   provided   that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant.  Subject to subsection (e) of this Section, the Credit Parties agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 3.01(e)) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)).  To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender,   provided   such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender.  Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the    Participant Register      provided   that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
    
  (e)        Limitations upon Participant Rights  .  A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent.  A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 3.01(e) as though it were a Lender. 
    
  (f)        Certain Pledges  .  Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign, or grant a security interest in, all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment, or grant of a security interest, to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other governmental entity; provided that no such pledge or assignment, or grant of a security interest, shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee or grantee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(g)        Electronic Execution of Assignments  .  The words  execution,   signed,   signature,  and words of like import in any Assignment and Assumption shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
    
  10.07        Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality  . 
    
  (a)        Confidentiality  .  Each Lender and the Administrative Agent (each, a    Lender Party   ) hereby agrees for itself only that, except as specifically set forth herein, (i) such Lender Party shall not participate in or generate any press release or other release of information to the general public relating to the closing of the Loan without the prior written consent of the Borrower, (ii) such Lender Party shall hold the Confidential Information in accordance with such Lender Party s customary procedures to prevent the misuse or disclosure of confidential information of this nature and in accordance with safe and sound banking practices, (iii) such Lender Party shall use the Confidential Information solely for the purposes of underwriting the Loan or acquiring an interest therein, carrying out such Lender Party s rights or obligations under this Agreement, in connection with the syndication of the Loan, the enforcement of the Loan Documents, or other internal examination, supervision or oversight of the transactions contemplated hereby as reasonably determined by such Lender Party, or as otherwise permitted by the terms of this Section 10.07 (collectively,    Permitted Purposes   ), and (iv) not disclose the Confidential Information to any party, except as expressly authorized in this Agreement or with prior written consent of the Borrower.  Each Lender Party shall promptly notify the Borrower in the event that it becomes aware of any loss or unauthorized disclosure of any Confidential Information.  In addition, each Lender Party may disclose the existence of this Agreement and furnish a copy of the cover page of this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Lender Parties in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. 
    
  Each Lender Party shall not have any obligations under this Agreement with respect to a specific portion of the Confidential Information if such Lender Party can demonstrate that such Confidential Information (i) was publicly available at the time it was disclosed to such Lender Party, (ii) became publicly available subsequent to the time it was disclosed to such Lender Party, (iii) was in or comes into a Lender Party s possession from a source not known to such Lender Party (after reasonable inquiry) to be in breach of an obligation of confidentiality owed to the Borrower in making such disclosure to such Lender Party, (iv) was in or comes into Lender Party s possession free of any obligation of confidence owed to the Borrower at the time it was disclosed to them, or (v) was developed by the employees or agents of the Lender Party without the use of the Confidential Information. 
    
  (b)        Disclosures  .  Any Lender Party or its legal counsel may disclose the Confidential Information (i) to the Borrower, other Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any of their respective legal counsel, (ii) to its auditors in connection with bank audits or regulatory officials having jurisdiction over such Lender Party, (iii) to its legal counsel who need to know the Confidential Information for the purposes of representing or advising the Lender Parties, (iv) with prior written notice to the Chief Executive Officer of the Borrower, to its consultants, agents and advisors retained in good faith by such Lender Party with a need to know such information in connection with a Permitted Purpose, (v) as required by Law or legal process (subject to the terms below), or in connection with any legal proceeding in connection with the Loan Documents, or to the extent necessary or desirable to establish, enforce or assert any claims or defenses in connection with any legal proceeding by or against any such Lender Party, (vi) to another potential Lender or potential participant in connection with a disposition or proposed disposition to that Person of all or part of that Lender Party s interests hereunder or a participation interest in its Notes, and (vii) to its directors, officers, employees and affiliates that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with such Lender Party or its parent or otherwise within the corporate umbrella of such Lender Party who need to know the confidential information for purposes of underwriting the Loan or becoming a party to this Agreement, the syndication of the Loan, the administration, interpretation, performance or exercise of rights under the Loan Documents, the enforcement of the Loan Documents, or other internal supervision, examination or oversight of the transactions contemplated hereby as reasonably determined by such Lender Party, provided that any Person to whom any of the Confidential Information is disclosed  

is informed by such Lender Party of the strictly confidential nature of the Confidential Information, and such Persons described in clauses (b)(iv) and (vi) shall agree in writing to be bound by confidentiality restrictions at least as restrictive as those contained herein.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Lender Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent such Lender Party is requested or required by any Law or any order of any court, governmental, regulatory or self regulatory body or other legal process to make any disclosure of or about any of the Confidential Information.  In such event (except with respect to banking regulators or auditors), such Lender Party shall, if permitted by law, promptly notify the Borrower in writing so that the Borrower may seek an appropriate protective order or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement (provided that if a protective order or the receipt of a waiver hereunder has not been obtained, or if prior notice is not possible, and a Lender Party is, in the opinion of its counsel, compelled to disclose Confidential Information, such Lender Party may disclose that portion of the Confidential Information which its counsel advises it that such Lender Party is compelled to disclose, and provided further that in any event, such Lender Party will not oppose action by the Borrower to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded the Confidential Information.)  Each Lender Party shall be liable (but only to the extent it is finally determined to have breached the provisions of this Section 10.07(b)) for any actions by such Lender Party (but not any other Person) which are not in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.07(b). 
    
  (c)        No Rights in Confidential Information  .  The Administrative Agent and each Lender recognizes and agrees that nothing contained in this Section 10.07 shall be construed as granting any property rights, by license or otherwise, to any Confidential Information (other than the Agreement or any amendments thereto or any related agreements), or to any invention or any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right that has issued or that may issue, based on such Confidential Information (other than the Agreement or any amendments thereto or any related agreements).  No Lender Party shall make, have made, use or sell for any purpose any product or other item using, incorporating or derived from any such Confidential Information; provided that the foregoing shall not limit or restrict in any way the creation, use or sale of banking or related services by any Lender Party. 
    
  (d)        Survival  .  All Confidential Information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower during the term of this Agreement or any predecessor agreements shall remain confidential indefinitely and shall continue to receive that level of confidential treatment customarily provided by commercial banks dealing with confidential information of their borrower customers, subject, however, to the specific exceptions to confidential treatment provided herein.  For a period of one year after the Maturity Date, the affected Lender Party shall continue to make reasonable inquiry of any third party providing Confidential Information as to whether such third party is subject to an obligation of confidentiality owed to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries and if such Lender Party obtains knowledge that such third party is violating a confidentiality agreement with the Borrower, such Lender Party shall treat the Confidential Information received from such third party as strictly confidential in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.07.  For purposes of this Section 10.07(d), the Maturity Date shall mean the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or, with respect to a specific Lender Party, the date such Person no longer holds an interest in the Loan. 
    
  (e)        Injunctive Relief  .  Each Lender Party hereby agrees that breach of this Section 10.07 will cause the Borrower irreparable damage for which recovery of damages would be inadequate, and that the Borrower shall therefore be entitled to obtain timely injunctive relief under this Agreement, as well as such further relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
    
  (f)        No Fiduciary Duty  .  Nothing in this Section shall be construed to create or give rise to any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to a Credit Party. 
    
  (g)        Separate Action  .  Each Credit Party covenants and agrees not to, and hereby expressly waives any right to, raise as a defense, affirmative defense, set off, recoupment or otherwise against any Lender Party any claim arising from or relating to an alleged breach of this Section 10.07 in any action, claim or proceeding relating to a breach of the Loan Documents by the Credit Parties or other action to enforce or recover the Obligations, and covenant and agree that any claim against a Lender Party arising from or relating to an alleged breach of this Section 10.07 by a Lender Party shall only be asserted as an affirmative claim in a separate action against the applicable Lender Party. 

10.08        Right of Setoff  . 
    
  If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of a Credit Party against any and all of the obligations of the Credit Parties now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Credit Parties may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness.  The rights of each Lender and each of its respective Affiliates under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or each of its respective Affiliates may have.  Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application,   provided   that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
    
  10.09        Interest Rate Limitation  . 
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the    Maximum Rate   ).  If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower.  In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
    
  10.10        Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness  . 
    
  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract.  This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof.  Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by telecopy or other electronic imaging transmission (e.g.  pdf  via e-mail) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. 
    
  10.11        Survival of Representations and Warranties  . 
    
  All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof.  Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default at the time of any Borrowing, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied. 
    
  10.12        Severability  . 
    
  If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents  

shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions.  The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.   
    
  10  .13        Replacement of Lenders  . 
    
  If (a) any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04, (b) any Credit Party is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, (c) any Lender refuses to consent to an amendment, modification or waiver of this Agreement that, pursuant to Section 10.01, (i) requires the consent of 100% of the Lenders and the consent of the Required Lenders has been obtained or (ii) requires the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, or (d) any other circumstance exists hereunder that gives the Credit Parties the right to replace a Lender as a party hereto, then the Credit Parties may, at their sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender (a    Departing Lender   ) to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 except as provided in this Section 10.13), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee (a    Replacement     Lender   ) that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment),   provided   that: 
    
  (a)        the Borrower or the Replacement Lender shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) (unless waived by the Administrative Agent); 
    
  (b)        such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Sections 3.04, 3.05 and 10.04) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 
    
  (c)        in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and 
    
  (d)        such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws. 
    
  A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Credit Parties to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.  Each Departing Lender required to make an assignment pursuant to this Section 10.13 shall promptly execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with the applicable Replacement Lender.  If such Departing Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Assumption and/or any other documentation reasonably necessary to reflect such replacement within a period of time deemed reasonable by the Administrative Agent after the later of (i) the date on which the Replacement Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation and (ii) the date on which the Departing Lender receives all payments described in clause (b) of this Section 10.13, then such Departing Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation as of such date and the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such Assignment and Assumption and/or such other documentation on behalf of such Departing Lender. 
    
  10.14        Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc  . 
    
  (a)        GOVERNING LAW  .  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
    
  (b)        SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION  .  EACH OF THE CREDIT PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION  

OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW.  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY LENDER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY CREDIT PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
    
  (c)        WAIVER OF VENUE  .  EACH OF THE CREDIT PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (b) OF THIS SECTION.  EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
    
  (d)        SERVICE OF PROCESS  .  EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02.  NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
    
  10.15        Waiver of Jury Trial  . 
    
  EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY).  EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
    
  10.16        USA PATRIOT Act Notice  . 
    
  Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the    Act   ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act.  The Borrower shall, following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, promptly provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable  know your customer  and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act.  

10.17        [Reserved]  . 
    
  10.18        ENTIRE AGREEMENT  . 
    
  THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES.  THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 
    
  10.19        Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-in of EEA Financial Institutions  . 
    
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
    
  (a)  the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and  
    
  (b)  the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
    
  (i)        a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
    
  (ii)        a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or  
    
  (iii)        the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution Authority. 
    
  10.20        Release of a Guarantor  . 
    
  (a)        Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrower may (i) sell, assign, transfer or dispose of its interest in a Guarantor (other than the Operating Partnership) that is a Subsidiary of the Borrower or (ii) request that any Guarantor (other than the Operating Partnership) be released from its obligations under the Loan Documents;   provided  ,   that  , immediately before the earlier of (A) the closing of such sale, assignment, transfer or disposition and (B) the effectiveness of such requested release, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certification, together with such other evidence as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, that no Event of Default shall be continuing at the time of the closing of such sale, assignment, transfer or disposition or of the effectiveness of such release, as the case may be, other than an Event of Default that would be cured by virtue of the occurrence of such sale, assignment, transfer, disposition or release.  The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of any such sale, assignment, transfer, disposition or release pursuant hereto.   
    
  (b)        Upon a sale, assignment, transfer, disposition or request for release in accordance with subection (a) above, the Administrative Agent shall, at the expense of the Borrower, take such action as is reasonably appropriate to effect such release. 
    
  10.21        No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility  .   

In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the Credit Parties acknowledge and agree, and acknowledge their Subsidiaries  understanding, that: (i) the credit facilities provided for hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arm s-length commercial transaction between the Credit Parties and their respective Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders, on the other hand, and the Credit Parties are capable of evaluating and understanding and understand and accept the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof); (ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, each of the Administrative Agent, each Arranger and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, creditors or employees or any other Person; (iii) none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has assumed or will assume an advisory, agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Credit Parties with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has advised or is currently advising the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates on other matters) and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has any obligation to the Credit Parties or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; (iv) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Credit Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers or any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary relationship; and (v) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) and the Credit Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate.  Each of the Credit Parties hereby waives and releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

ARTICLE XI 
    
  GUARANTY 
    
  11.01        The Guaranty  . 
    
    Each of the Guarantors hereby jointly and severally, absolutely and unconditionally guarantees to each Lender and each other holder of the Obligations as hereinafter provided, as primary obligor and not as surety, the prompt payment of the Obligations in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise) strictly in accordance with the terms thereof.  The Guarantors hereby further agree that if any of the Obligations are not paid in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise), the Guarantors will, jointly and severally, promptly pay the same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such extension or renewal. 
    
  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any other of the Loan Documents or the other documents relating to the Obligations, the obligations of each Guarantor under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not exceed an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render such obligations subject to avoidance under applicable Debtor Relief Laws. 

11.02        Obligations Unconditional  . 
    
    The obligations of the Guarantors under Section 11.01 are joint and several, absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating to the Obligations, or any substitution, release, impairment or exchange of any other guarantee of or security for any of the Obligations, and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws, irrespective of any other circumstance whatsoever which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor (other than payment in full of the Obligations), it being the intent of this Section 11.02 that the obligations of the Guarantors hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances.  Each Guarantor agrees that such Guarantor shall have no right of subrogation, indemnity, reimbursement or contribution against the Borrower or any other Guarantor for amounts paid under this Article XI until such time as the Obligations (other than contingent indemnity obligations) have been paid in full and the Commitments have expired or terminated.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, the occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair the liability of any Guarantor hereunder, which shall remain absolute and unconditional as described above. 
    
    (a)        at any time or from time to time, without notice to any Guarantor, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of the Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or compliance shall be waived; 
    
    (b)        any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating to the Obligations shall be done or omitted; 
    
    (c)        the maturity of any of the Obligations shall be accelerated, or any of the Obligations shall be modified, supplemented or amended in any respect, or any right under any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating to the Obligations shall be waived or any other guarantee of any of the Obligations or any security therefor shall be released, impaired or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with; 
    
    (d)        any Lien granted to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any other holder of the Obligations as security for any of the Obligations shall fail to attach or be perfected; or 
    
    (e)        any of the Obligations shall be determined to be void or voidable (including, without limitation, for the benefit of any creditor of any Guarantor) or shall be subordinated to the claims of any Person (including, without limitation, any creditor of any Guarantor). 
    
    With respect to its obligations hereunder, each Guarantor hereby expressly waives, to the extent permitted by Law, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices whatsoever, acceptance hereof, and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any other holder of the Obligations exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed against any Person under any of the Loan Documents or any other document relating to the Obligations, or against any other Person under any other guarantee of, or security for, any of the Obligations. 
    
  11.03        Reinstatement  . 
    
    The obligations of the Guarantors under this Article XI shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that for any reason any payment by or on behalf of any Person in respect of the Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any of the Obligations, whether as a result of any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, and each Guarantor agrees that it will indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each other holder of the Obligations on demand for all reasonable costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the fees, charges and disbursements of counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such other holder of the Obligations in connection with such rescission or restoration, including any such costs and expenses incurred in defending against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any Debtor Relief Law. 

11.04        Certain Additional Waivers  . 
    
    Each Guarantor agrees that such Guarantor shall have no right of recourse to security for the Obligations, except through the exercise of rights of subrogation pursuant to Section 11.02 and through the exercise of rights of contribution pursuant to Section 11.06. 
    
  11.05        Remedies  . 
    
    The Guarantors agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other holders of the Obligations, on the other hand, the Obligations may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as specified in Section 8.02 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically due and payable in the circumstances specified in Section 8.02) for purposes of Section 11.01 notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such declaration (or preventing the Obligations from becoming automatically due and payable) as against any other Person and that, in the event of such declaration (or the Obligations being deemed to have become automatically due and payable), the Obligations (whether or not due and payable by any other Person) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 11.01. 
    
  11.06        Rights of Contribution  . 
    
    The Guarantors agree among themselves that, in connection with payments made hereunder, each Guarantor shall have contribution rights against the other Guarantors as permitted under applicable Laws.  Such contribution rights shall be subordinate and subject in right of payment to the obligations of such Guarantors under the Loan Documents and no Guarantor shall exercise such rights of contribution until all Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have terminated. 
    
  11.07        Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee  . 
    
    The guarantee in this Article XI is a guaranty of payment and not of collection, is a continuing guarantee, and shall apply to all Obligations whenever arising. 
    
  11.08        Additional Guarantors  . 
    
    The Borrower may at any time and from time to time, upon written request to the Administrative Agent, cause a Domestic Subsidiary that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary to become a Guarantor under this Agreement by (a) executing a Joinder Agreement and (b) delivering such other documentation as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection therewith, including, without limitation, certified resolutions and other organizational and customary authorizing documents of such Person, all in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

[Signature pages follow] 

EXHIBIT D 
  FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
    
  [         ], 20[        ] 
    
  To:    Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
    
  Ladies and Gentlemen: 
    
  Reference is made to that certain Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement  ;  the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the    Borrower   ), Alexandria  Real  Estate  Equities,  L.P.,  a  Delaware  limited  partnership,  as  a  Guarantor,  the  other Guarantors (if any) party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
    
  The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the of the Borrower, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute 
  and deliver this Compliance Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Borrower, and that: 
    
  [Use following paragraph 1 for fiscal year-end financial statements] 
    
  1.          Attached hereto as   Schedule 1   are the consolidated year-end audited financial statements required by Section 6.01(a) of the Agreement for the fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
  ended as of [     ] (the    Statement Date   ), together with the report and opinion of an independent 
  certified public accountant required by such section. 
    
  [Use following paragraphs for fiscal quarter-end financial statements] 
    
  2.    Attached hereto as   Schedule 1   are the unaudited financial statements required by Section 
  6.01(b) of the Agreement for the fiscal quarter of the Borrower ended as of [    ] (the    Statement Date   ).  Such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP (other than footnote disclosures), consistently applied, as at such date and for such period, subject only to normal year-end accruals and audit adjustments. 
    
  3.          The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a review of the transactions of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements. 
    
  4.          The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on   Schedule 2   attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the Statement Date. 
    
  5.    As of the date hereof, the Debt Rating (if any) is          . 
    
  6.          A review of the activities of the Credit Parties during such fiscal period has been made under the supervision of the undersigned with a view to determining whether during such fiscal period the Credit Parties performed and observed all of their respective Obligations under the Loan Documents, and 
    
  [select one:] 
    
  [to the knowledge of the undersigned during such fiscal period, no Default or Event of Default exists.] 
  --or-- 
    
  [the following covenants or conditions have not been performed or observed and the following is a list of each such Default and its nature and status:] 
    
  [Signature page follows] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Compliance Certificate as of the date first written above. 
    
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC., a Maryland corporation 
  By: 
  Name: 
  Title: 

SCHEDULE 1 TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE  
    
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  [See attached  pages  ] 

SCHEDULE 2 TO COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE FINANCIAL COVENANT ANALYSIS 
    
  For the Quarter/Year ended [         ] (   Statement Date   ) ($ in 000 s) 
    
  I.        Section 7.09(a)   -   Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio. 
                   A. 
    Adjusted EBITDA for the four quarter period ended on Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    Debt Service of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the four quarter period ended on Statement Date 
    $ 
      C. 
    Preferred Distributions (other than redemptions) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries during the four quarter period ended on Statement Date 
    $ 
      D. 
    Line I.B. + Line I.C. 
    $ 
      E. 
    Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (Line I.A.   Line I.D.) 
    : 1.00 
      F. 
    Compliance Ratio 
       1.50:1.00 
      G. 
    Covenant Compliance: 
    Yes___ No____ 

II.        Section 7.09(b)   -   Secured Debt Ratio. 
                   A. 
    Secured Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    Adjusted Tangible Assets at Statement Date 
    $ 
      C. 
    Secured Debt to Adjusted Tangible Assets (Line II.A.   Line II.B.) 
    % 
      D. 
    Compliance Ratio 
     45.0% 
        
    For the four quarters ending subsequent to the consummation of a Material Acquisition    1  
      50.0% 
      E. 
    Covenant Compliance  
    Yes___ No____ 

III.        Section 7.09(c)   -   Leverage Ratio. 
                   A. 
    Adjusted Total Indebtedness at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      B. 
    Adjusted Tangible Assets at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      C. 
    Excluded Indebtedness deducted in connection with the determination of 
  Adjusted Total Indebtedness at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      D. 
    Line III.B. - Line III.C 
    $ 
      E. 
    Line III.A.   Line III.D 
    % 
      F. 
    Compliance Ratio 
    
       60.0% 
        
    For the four quarters ending subsequent to 
  the consummation of a Material Acquisition   2  
     65.0% 
      G. 
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes___ No___ 

1 See   Section 7.09(b)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement. 
  2 See    Section 7.09(c)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement. 

IV.        Section 7.09(d)   -   Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio. 
                   A. 
    aggregate Adjusted NOI from the Qualified Asset Pool Properties for the 
  four fiscal quarter period ending on the Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    aggregate Interest Charges for the four quarter period ended on the 
  Statement Date in respect of the unsecured Indebtedness of the Borrower 
  and its Subsidiaries (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt) 
    $ 
      C. 
    Line IV.A.   Line IV.B 
    :1.00 
      D. 
    Compliance Ratio 
       1.50:1.00 
      E. 
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes          No      __ 

V.        Section 7.09(e)   -   Unsecured Leverage Ratio. 
    
                   A. 
    aggregate unsecured Adjusted Total Indebtedness of the Borrower 

and its Subsidiaries at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      B. 
    Obligor Subsidiary Debt: 
    $ 
      C. 
    Adjusted Unencumbered Asset Value at Statement Date: 
    $ 
      D. 
    amount of unsecured Excluded Indebtedness (other than Obligor Subsidiary Debt) 
  deducted in connection with the determination of aggregate unsecured 
  Adjusted Total Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries at 
  Statement Date 
    $ 
      E. 
    Line V.A. - Line V.B. 
    $ 
      F. 
    Line V.C. - Line V.D. 
    $ 
      G. 
    Unsecured Leverage Ratio (Line V.E.   Line V.F.) 
    $ 
      H. 
    Compliance Ratio 
       60.0% 
        
    For the four quarters ending subsequent to 
  the consummation of a Material Acquisition   3  
     65.0% 
      I.  
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes___ No___ 

VI.        Section 7.04   -   Restricted Payments. 
                   A. 
    Restricted Payments by Borrower for the four quarter period ended on 
  the Statement Date 
    $ 
      B. 
    Funds From Operations of Borrower and its 
  Subsidiaries for the four quarter period ending on the Statement Date 
    $ 
      C. 
    (Line VI.A.   Line VI.B.) 
    % 
      D. 
    Compliance Percentage 
       95% 
      E. 
    Covenant Compliance 
    Yes___ No___ 
        
         Compliance based on Line VI.D. percentage 
       Compliance based on REIT Status or to avoid payment of federal or state income or excise tax 

3 See    Section 7.09(c)(ii)   of the Credit Agreement. 

EXHIBIT C 
    
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATES 
    
  [See attached  pages  ] 

Exh.C 

EXHIBIT G 
  FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATES 
                        (  For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes  )  
    
  Reference is hereby made to the Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, 
  dated as of June 30, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or 
  otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities,  Inc.,  a  Maryland  corporation  (the     Borrower   ),  Alexandria  Real  Estate  Equities,  L.P.,  a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(e) of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of  the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable).  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF LENDER] 
    
  By: 
    
  Name: Title: 
    
  Date: 
  , 20  [ ] 

FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
  (  For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes  ) 
    
   Reference is hereby made to the Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, 
    dated as of June 30, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or 
  otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities,  Inc.,  a  Maryland  corporation  (the     Borrower   ),  Alexandria  Real  Estate  Equities,  L.P.,  a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(e) of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 
  881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable).  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 
    
  By: 
    
  Name: Title: 
    
  Date: 
  , 20  [ ] 

FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
  (  For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes  )  
    
  Reference is hereby made to the Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, 
  dated as of June 30, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or 
  otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities,  Inc.,  a  Maryland  corporation  (the     Borrower   ),  Alexandria  Real  Estate  Equities,  L.P.,  a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(e) of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.  By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. 

[NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By: 
    
  Name: Title: 
    
  Date: 
  , 20[ ] 

FORM OF 
  U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 
  (  For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes  ) 
    
  Reference is hereby made to the Third Amended and Restated Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, the    Agreement   ), among Alexandria Real Estate Equities,  Inc.,  a  Maryland  corporation  (the     Borrower   ),  Alexandria  Real  Estate  Equities,  L.P.,  a Delaware limited partnership, as a guarantor, the other guarantors (if any) party thereto, each lender from time to time party thereto (individually, a    Lender    and collectively, the    Lenders   ), and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the    Administrative Agent   ). 
    
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.01(e) of the Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 
  881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 
    
  The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BENE (or W-8BEN, as applicable) from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.   By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 
    
  Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. 
    
  [NAME OF LENDER] 

By: 
    
  Name: Title: 
    
  Date: 
  , 20[ ] 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-12.1>
 5
 a3q16-ex121for10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 12.1 
  ALEXANDRIA REAL ESTATE EQUITIES, INC. 
  COMPUTATION OF CONSOLIDATED RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES 
  COMPUTATION OF CONSOLIDATED RATIO OF EARNINGS TO COMBINED FIXED 
  CHARGES AND PREFERRED STOCK DIVIDENDS 
  (in thousands, except ratios) 

(a) 
    Includes gains on sales of land parcels that are not attributable to discontinued operations and excludes equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures. 
       
           (b) 
    For purposes of calculating the consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges and consolidated ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred stock dividends, earnings consist of income from continuing operations before noncontrolling interests and interest expense less noncontrolling interests in income of subsidiaries that have not incurred fixed charges. Fixed charges consist of interest incurred (including amortization of deferred financing costs and capitalized interest). 
       
           (c) 
    Ratios for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , include the effect of losses on early extinguishment of debt aggregating   $3.2 million  , a preferred stock redemption charge of   $25.6 million  , and impairment of real estate of   $193.2 million  . Excluding the impact of losses on early extinguishment of debt, the preferred stock redemption charge, and the impairment of real estate, the consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges and the consolidated ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred stock dividends for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , were   1.64   and   1.37  , respectively. 
       
           (d) 
    Ratios for the year ended December 31, 2015, include the effect of losses on early extinguishment of debt of $189 thousand and impairment of real estate of $23.3 million. Excluding the impact of losses on early extinguishment of debt and the impairment of real estate, the consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges and the consolidated ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred stock dividends for the year ended December 31, 2015, were 1.91 and 1.62, respectively. 
       
           (e) 
    Ratios for the year ended December 31, 2014, include the effect of losses on early extinguishment of debt aggregating $525 thousand, a preferred stock redemption charge of $2.0 million, impairment of land parcel of $24.7 million, and impairment of real estate of $27.0 million. Excluding the impact of losses on early extinguishment of debt, the preferred stock redemption charge, the impairment of land parcel, and the impairment of real estate, the consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges and the consolidated ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred stock dividends for the year ended December 31, 2014, were 1.83 and 1.52, respectively. 
       
           (f) 
    Ratios for the year ended December 31, 2012, include the effect of losses on early extinguishment of debt aggregating $2.2 million, a preferred stock redemption charge of $6.0 million, impairment of land parcel of $2.1 million, and impairment of real estate of $11.4 million. Excluding the impact of losses on early extinguishment of debt, the preferred stock redemption charge, the impairment of land parcel, and the impairment of real estate, the consolidated ratio of earnings to fixed charges and the consolidated ratio of earnings to combined fixed charges and preferred stock dividends for the year ended December 31, 2012, were 1.42 and 1.13, respectively. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a3q16-ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
    
  PURSUANT TO 
    
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Joel S. Marcus, certify that: 
    
  1.                  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.; 
    
  2.                  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.                  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.                  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a.                  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b.                  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c.                   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d.                  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.                  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a.                  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
    
  b.                  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date:   November 2, 2016    

/s/ Joel S. Marcus 
        
    Joel S. Marcus 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a3q16-ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
    
  PURSUANT TO 
    
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Dean A. Shigenaga, certify that: 
    
  1.                  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc.; 
    
  2.                  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.                  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.                  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   
    
  a.                  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b.                  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c.                   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d.                  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.                  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a.                  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
    
  b.                  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Date:   November 2, 2016    

/s/ Dean A. Shigenaga 
        
    Dean A. Shigenaga 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 a3q16-ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.0 
    
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
    
  PURSUANT TO 
    
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350. 
    
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
    
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Joel S. Marcus, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. 

Date:   November 2, 2016    

/s/ Joel S. Marcus 
        
    Joel S. Marcus 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 

I, Dean A. Shigenaga, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. 
    
  Date:   November 2, 2016    

/s/ Dean A. Shigenaga 
        
    Dean A. Shigenaga 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 are-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 are-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 are-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 are-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 are-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 are-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

