<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1037676_0001628280-16-021057_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14787253</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>182519</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>626128</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5706153</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6298791</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1676912</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>111</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-021057.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109080953
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-021057
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARCH COAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001037676
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BITUMINOUS COAL & LIGNITE SURFACE MINING [1221]
		IRS NUMBER:				430921172
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13105
		FILM NUMBER:		161982853

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CITY PLACE ONE STE 300
		STREET 2:		ARCH MINERAL CORP
		CITY:			ST LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63141
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3149942700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		CITYPLACE ONE SUITE 300
		STREET 2:		ARCH MINERAL CORP
		CITY:			CREVE COEUR
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63141

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARCH MINERAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970411

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-021057.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 aci-20160930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
  _________________________________________________________________  
  FORM 10-Q    
  (Mark One) 
               Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities     Exchange Act of 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  o               Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities     Exchange Act of 1934 
  For the transition period from                      to                      . 
  Commission file number: 1-13105 
  
     Arch Coal, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Delaware 
      
    43-0921172 
      (State or other jurisdiction 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
      of incorporation or organization) 
      
    Identification Number) 

One CityPlace Drive, Suite 300, St. Louis, Missouri 
      
    63141 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    (Zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:   (314) 994-2700    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes        No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes        No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):                   Large accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o    No     

Table of Contents  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.  Yes        No   o 
  At   November 1, 2016  , there were   24,999,358   shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding.                 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       Part 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      
    4 
       Item 1. Financial Statements  
      
    4 
       Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    40 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk  
      
    52 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
      
    53 
       Part II OTHER INFORMATION  
      
    53 
       Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
      
    53 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      
    57 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
      
    57 
       Item 5. Other Information  
      
    57 
       Item 6. Exhibits  
      
    57 

Table of Contents  

Part I 
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.    Financial Statements. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (in thousands)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (unaudited) 

1.      Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Arch Coal, Inc. ("Arch Coal") and its subsidiaries (the  Company ). The Company s primary business is the production of thermal and metallurgical coal from surface and underground mines located throughout the United States, for sale to utility, industrial and steel producers both in the United States and around the world. The Company currently operates mining complexes in West Virginia, Kentucky, Virginia, Illinois, Wyoming and Colorado.  All subsidiaries are wholly-owned. Intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.  
    
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim financial reporting and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission regulations. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal, recurring accruals considered necessary for a fair presentation, have been included. Results of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes as of and for the year ended   December 31, 2015   included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
    
  On August 4, 2015 the Company affected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of its common stock.  Each stockholder s percentage ownership and proportional voting power remained unchanged as a result of the reverse stock split.  All applicable share data, per share amounts and related information in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto have been adjusted retroactively to give effect to the 1-for-10 reverse stock split. 
    
  Filing Under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code 
    
  On January 11, 2016 (the  Petition Date ), Arch Coal and substantially all of its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries (the  Filing Subsidiaries  and, together with Arch Coal, the  Debtors  the Debtors, solely following the effective date of the Plan, the  Reorganized Debtors ) filed voluntary petitions for reorganization (collectively, the  Bankruptcy Petitions ) under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the U.S. Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Missouri (the  Court ). The Debtors  Chapter 11 Cases (collectively, the  Chapter 11 Cases ) are being jointly administered under the caption   In re Arch Coal, Inc., et al.   Case No. 16-40120 (lead case). During the Chapter 11 Cases, each Debtor continues to operate its business as a  debtor in possession  under the jurisdiction of the Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the orders of the Court. 
  The filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions constituted an event of default that accelerated the Company s obligations under the documents governing each of its   7.00%   senior notes due 2019,    9.875%   senior notes due 2019,    8.00%   senior secured second lien notes due 2019,    7.25%   senior notes due 2020,    7.25%   senior notes due 2021 (together, the  senior notes ) and senior secured first lien term loan due 2018 (the  Existing Credit Agreement ) (collectively with the senior notes, the  Debt Instruments ).  Immediately after filing the Bankruptcy Petitions, the Company began notifying all known current or potential creditors of the Debtors of the bankruptcy filings.  
  Additionally, on the Petition Date, the New York Stock Exchange (the  NYSE ) determined that the Company s stock was no longer suitable for listing pursuant to Section 8.02.01D of the NYSE continued listing standards and trading in the Company s common stock was suspended on January 11, 2016.    
  On the Petition Date, the Debtors filed a number of motions with the Court generally designed to stabilize their operations and facilitate the Debtors  transition into Chapter 11. Certain of these motions sought authority from the Court for the Debtors to make payments upon, or otherwise honor, certain pre-petition obligations (e.g., obligations related to certain employee wages, salaries and benefits and certain vendors and other providers essential to the Debtors  businesses). The Court has entered orders approving the relief sought in these motions, in certain cases on an interim basis. 
  Pursuant to Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically stayed most actions against the Debtors, including actions to collect indebtedness incurred prior to the Petition Date or to exercise control over the Debtors  property. Subject to certain exceptions under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Debtors  Chapter 11 Cases also automatically stayed the continuation of most legal proceedings or the filing of other actions against or on behalf of the Debtors or their property to recover on, collect or secure a claim arising prior to the Petition Date or to exercise control over property of the Debtors  bankruptcy estates, unless and until the Court modifies or lifts the automatic stay as to any such claim.   

Table of Contents  

Notwithstanding the general application of the automatic stay described above, governmental authorities may determine to continue actions brought under their police and regulatory powers. 
  As required by the Bankruptcy Code, the U.S. Trustee for the Eastern District of Missouri appointed an official committee of unsecured creditors (the  Creditors  Committee ) on January 25, 2016. During the Chapter 11 Cases, the Creditors  Committee represents all unsecured creditors of the Debtors and has a right to be heard on all matters that come before the Court. 
    
  For periods subsequent to filing the Bankruptcy Petitions, the Company will apply the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 852,  Reorganizations , in preparing its consolidated financial statements.  ASC 852 requires that financial statements distinguish transactions and events that are directly associated with the reorganization from the ongoing operations of the business.  Accordingly, certain revenues, expenses, realized gains and losses and provisions for losses that are realized or incurred in the bankruptcy proceedings have been recorded in a reorganization line item on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations.  In addition, the pre-petition obligations that may be impacted by the bankruptcy reorganization process have been classified on the balance sheet as liabilities subject to compromise.  These liabilities are reported as the amounts expected to be allowed by the Court, even if they may be settled for lesser amounts. 
    
  The Plan (as defined below) was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on September 13, 2016 and the Debtors emerged from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events.  
    
  Restructuring Support Agreement    
    
  As previously disclosed, prior to the Petition Date, certain of the Debtors entered into a Restructuring Support Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2016, which agreement was amended (on February 25, 2016, March 28, 2016, April 26, 2016, May 5, 2016, June 10, 2016 and June 23, 2016). On July 5, 2016, the Debtors entered into an Amended and Restated Restructuring Support Agreement (the  Amended and Restated RSA ) with lenders holding more than   75%   of the aggregate principal amount of loans outstanding under Arch s pre-petition first lien credit facility, the statutory committee of unsecured creditors appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to Section 1102 of the Bankruptcy Code (the  Committee ) and certain members of the Committee.  On September 29, 2016, the Amended and Restated  RSA was amended to extend the deadline for substantial consummation of the Plan to coincide with the Company s emergence from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016.  
    
  Confirmation of Plan of Reorganization 
    
  On September 13, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order, Docket No. 1324 (the  Confirmation Order ) confirming the Debtors  Fourth Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, dated September 11, 2016 (the  Plan ), which order was amended on September 15, 2016, Docket No. 1334.  
    
  The Plan s effectiveness is subject to certain conditions being satisfied or waived, including, (a) the documents governing the Reorganized Debtors  new   $326.5 million   first lien debt facility (the  New First Lien Debt Facility ) shall have been duly executed and delivered by the Reorganized Debtors parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to the consummation of the New First Lien Debt Facility shall have been waived or satisfied in accordance with the terms thereof, and the closing of the New First Lien Debt Facility shall have occurred; (b) the Debtors  existing securitization facility shall be reinstated on terms substantially as set forth in the Plan Supplement; (c) all documents and agreements necessary to implement the Plan, including the Plan Supplement and the Confirmation Order, shall have been executed; and (d) the Debtors shall have received all authorizations, consents, regulatory approvals, rulings, letters, no-action letters, opinions or documents that are necessary to implement the Plan and that are required by law, regulation or order.  The date on which all conditions to the effectiveness of the Plan have been satisfied or waived is the  Effective Date  of the Plan.  The Company satisfied all conditions contemplated by the Plan on October 5, 2016, which is the Effective Date of the Plan and the date which the Debtors emerged from bankruptcy.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events.  
    
  The following is a summary of certain provisions of the Plan, as confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to the Confirmation Order, and is not intended to be a complete description of the Plan. 

Table of Contents  

Treatment of Claims 
    
  The Plan contemplates that: 

Holders of allowed administrative expense claims, priority claims (other than administrative expense claims and priority tax claims) and secured claims (other than claims arising under priority claims, the prepetition first lien credit facility and prepetition second lien notes) will be paid in full. 

Holders of allowed claims arising under the Debtors  prepetition first lien credit facility ( First Lien Credit Facility ) will receive their pro rata distribution of (i) total cash payments equal to the greater of                  (A)   $144,796,527.78   less the amount of the adequate protection payments and (B)   $30,000,000  ; (ii)   $326.5 million   in principal amount of New First Lien Debt Facility; and (iii)   94%   of the common stock of Reorganized Arch Coal (the  New Common Stock ), subject to dilution on account of (a) any Class A Common Stock (as defined below) issued upon exercise of the warrants (the  New Warrants ) issued pursuant to the Plan to purchase up to   12%   of the fully diluted Class A Common Stock as of the Effective Date and exercisable at any time for a period of   7   years from the Effective Date at a strike price calculated based on a total equity capitalization of   $1.425 billion   and (b) the issuance of New Common Stock in an amount of up to   10%   of the New Common Stock, on a fully diluted basis, pursuant to a management incentive plan (the  Management Incentive Plan ). 

Holders of allowed claims on account of prepetition second lien or unsecured notes (the  Prepetition Notes ) will receive their pro rata distribution of (i)   $22.636 million   in cash, (ii) at such holder s election, either (A) such holder s pro rata share of the New Warrants or (B) such holder s pro rata share of   $25 million   in cash and (iii)   6%   of the New Common Stock (subject to dilution on account of any exercise of the New Warrants and pursuant to the Management Incentive Plan). 

Holders of allowed general unsecured claims against Debtors (other than claims on account of the First Lien Credit Facility or Prepetition Notes) will receive their pro rata distribution of   $7.364 million   cash, less fees and expenses incurred by any professionals retained by a claims oversight committee up to   $200,000  . 

The Reorganized Debtors will waive and release any claims or causes of action that they have, had, or may have that are based on sections 502(d), 544, 545, 547, 548, 549, 550, 551, 553(b) and 724(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and analogous non- bankruptcy law for all purposes against (i) prepetition trade creditors and (ii) officers, directors, employees or representatives of the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors and all agents and representatives of all of the foregoing. However, the Reorganized Debtors will retain the right to assert any said claims as defenses or counterclaims in any cause of action brought by any creditor. 
       
  New First Lien Debt Facility 
    
  P  ursuant to the Plan and a condition to its effectiveness, holders of allowed claims on account of the First Lien Credit Facility will receive their pro rata share of the New First Lien Debt Facility to be entered into on the Effective Date in an aggregate original principal amount of   $326.5 million  . The New First Lien Debt Facility will mature on the date that is   five   years after the Effective Date. Wilmington Trust, National Association will serve as administrative agent and collateral agent thereunder.  Borrowings under the New First Lien Debt Facility will bear interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the option of Arch Coal, either (i) a London interbank offered rate ( LIBOR ) plus an applicable margin of   9%  , subject to a   1%   LIBOR floor, or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin of   8%  . Interest payments will be payable quarterly in cash, unless the Debtors  liquidity (as defined therein) after giving effect to the applicable interest payment would not exceed   $300 million  , in which case interest may be payable in kind at the Company s option.  The New First Lien Debt Facility will be guaranteed by all existing and future wholly owned domestic subsidiaries of Arch Coal subject to customary exceptions, and will be secured by first priority security interests on substantially all assets of each Reorganized Debtor, including   100%   of the voting equity interests of directly owned domestic subsidiaries and   65%   of the voting equity interests of directly owned foreign subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions. 
    
  Pursuant to the Plan, the Company entered into the New First Lien Debt Facility on October 5, 2016.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events.  

Table of Contents  

Securitization Agreement 
    
  On January 13, 2016, the Company agreed with its securitization financing providers (the  Securitization Financing Providers ) that, subject to certain amendments (the  Amendments ), they will continue the   $200 million   trade accounts receivable securitization facility provided to Arch Receivable Company, LLC, a non-debtor special-purpose entity that is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( Arch Receivable ) (the  Securitization Facility ). 
     
  Pursuant to the Amendments, which have been approved by the Court on a final basis, the Debtors agreed to a revised schedule of fees payable to the administrator and the Securitization Financing Providers.  The cost of an advance backstopping a letter of credit issued under the Securitization Facility is determined by   two   factors: (a) a program fee of   2.65%   per year and payable on each settlement date to each Securitization Financing Provider deemed to have made such an advance and (b) the  discount,  which is calculated based on each Securitization Financing Provider s costs, including its cost of the issuance and placement of short term promissory notes to fund such an advance.  On May 9, 2016, the Securitization Facility was amended to exclude account receivables in respect of certain disposed mining operations of one of the Debtors and to effect the release of certain liens relating to such account receivables. 
    
  On the Effective Date, the Company expects to extend and amend the existing   $200 million   trade accounts receivable securitization facility provided to Arch Receivable (the  Extended Securitization Facility ), which will continue to support the issuance of letters of credit and will also reinstate Arch Receivable s ability to request cash advances as existed prior to the Petition Date. The Extended Securitization Facility will terminate at the earliest of (i)   three   years from the Effective Date, (ii) if Liquidity (defined in the Extended Securitization Facility) is less than   $175,000,000   for a period of   60   consecutive days, the date that is the 364th day after the first day of such 60 consecutive day period and (iii) the occurrence of certain predefined events substantially consistent with the existing transaction documents. Under the Extended Securitization Facility, Arch Receivable and certain of the Reorganized Debtors party to the Extended Securitization Facility will grant to the administrator of the Extended Securitization Facility a first priority security interest in eligible trade accounts receivable generated by such Debtors from the sale of coal and all proceeds thereof. 
    
  The Company extended and amended the Securitization Facility on October 5, 2016.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events.  
    
  Going Concern  
    
  The Company s previously issued consolidated financial statements included cautionary language about its ability to continue as a going concern due to the Chapter 11 Cases.  The Company emerged from Chapter 11 protection on October 5, 2016 and believes it has sufficient liquidity to fund its operations.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events.  

Table of Contents  

2.      Accounting Policies    
    
  In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03 ( ASU 2015-03 ), Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. ASU 2015-03 requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that liability, consistent with debt discounts.  The Company adopted ASU 2015-03 in the first quarter of 2016 as mandated by the standard.  Previously reported  other current assets  and  current  maturities of debt  have been revised to reflect the retrospective application of the standard. 
    
  The following reflects the retrospective application: 

3.      Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income    
    
  The following items are included in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"):  

Table of Contents  

The following amounts were reclassified out of AOCI:  

4.      Reorganization items, net 
    
  In accordance with Accounting Codification Standard 852,  Reorganizations,  the statement of operations shall portray the results of operations of the reporting entity while it is in Chapter 11.  Revenues, expenses (including professional fees), realized gains and losses, and provisions for losses resulting from reorganization and restructuring of the business shall be reported separately as reorganization items. 
    
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded a charge of   $20.9 million   in  Reorganization items, net  comprised of professional fee expense of   $22.6 million  , partially offset by non-cash gains on rejected contracts of   $1.7 million  .  Net cash paid for  Reorganization items, net  totaled   $16.0 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded a charge of   $46.1 million   in  Reorganization items, net  comprised of professional fee expense of   $62.7 million  , partially offset by non-cash gains on rejected contracts of   $16.6 million  .  Net cash paid for  Reorganization items, net  totaled   $31.1 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

Table of Contents  

5  .    Liabilities Subject to Compromise    

Liabilities subject to compromise include unsecured or under-secured liabilities incurred prior to the Chapter 11 filing.  These liabilities represent the amounts expected to be allowed on known or potential claims to be resolved through the Chapter 11 proceedings and remain subject to future adjustments based on negotiated settlements with claimants, actions of the Court, rejection of executory contracts, proofs of claims or other events.  Additionally, liabilities subject to compromise also include certain items that may be assumed under a plan of reorganization, and as such, may be subsequently reclassified to liabilities not subject to compromise.  Generally, actions to enforce or otherwise effect payment of pre-petition liabilities are stayed. 
    
  Liabilities subject to compromise consist of the following: 

The debt balance included above is net of debt issuance costs of   $64.9 million  ; for additional information on debt, see Note 12,  Debt and Financing Arrangements.  

6  .    Asset Impairment and Mine Closure Costs    
    
  During the   third quarter   of   2016  , the Company recorded an immaterial amount of severance expense to   Asset impairment and mine closure costs  in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations bringing the year-to-date total to   $129.3 million  .  The amount includes the following:  a   $74.1 million   impairment of coal reserves and surface land in Kentucky that are being leased to a mining company that idled its mining operations;  a   $38.0 million   impairment of the Company s equity investment in a brownfield bulk commodity terminal on the Columbia River in Longview, Washington as the Company relinquished its ownership rights in exchange for future throughput rights;   $7.2 million   of severance expense related to headcount reductions during the year; a   $3.6 million   curtailment charge related to the Company s pension, postretirement health and black lung actuarial liabilities due to headcount reductions in the first half of the year;   $3.4 million   impairment charge on the portion of an advance royalty balance on a reserve base mined at the Company s Mountain Laurel operation that will not be recouped; and   $2.9 million   related to an other-than-temporary-impairment charge on an available-for-sale security. 
    
  During the   third quarter   of   2015  , the Company recorded   $2,120.3 million   of  Asset impairment and mine closure costs  in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations due to the continued deterioration in thermal and metallurgical coal markets and projections for a muted pricing recovery.  The Company determined that the further weakening of the pricing environment in the third quarter and the projected operating losses represented indicators of impairment with respect to certain of its long-lived assets or asset groups.  Using current pricing expectations which reflected marketplace participant assumptions, life of mine cash flows were used to determine if the undiscounted cash flows exceeded the current asset values for certain operating complexes in the Company s Appalachia segment.  Discounted cash flows were then utilized to reduce the carrying value of those assets to fair value.  The discount rate used reflected the current financial difficulties present in the commodities sector in general and coal mining specifically; the perceived risk of financing coal mining in light of industry defaults; and the lack of an active market for buying or selling coal mining assets.  Additionally, the Company determined that the current market conditions represented an indicator of impairment for certain undeveloped coal properties that were acquired in times of significantly higher coal prices. Current prices and the significant capital outlay that would be required to develop these reserves indicated that the carrying value was not recoverable.  

Table of Contents  

7  .    Losses from disposed operations resulting from Patriot Coal bankruptcy    
    
  On December 31, 2005, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with Magnum to sell certain operations.  On July 23, 2008, Patriot acquired Magnum.  On May 12, 2015, Patriot and certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries ( Debtors ), including Magnum, filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Virginia.  Subsequently, on October 28, 2015, Patriot s Plan of Reorganization was approved, including an authorization to reject their collective bargaining agreements and modify certain union-related retiree benefits.  As a result of the Plan of Reorganization, the Company became statutorily responsible for retiree medical benefits pursuant to Section 9711 of the Coal Industry Retiree Health Benefit Act of 1992 for certain retirees of Magnum who retired prior to October 1, 1994.  In addition, the Company has provided surety bonds to Patriot related to permits that were sold to an affiliate of Virginia Conservation Legacy Fund, Inc. ( VCLF ).  Should VCLF not perform the required reclamation, the Company would incur losses under the bonds and related indemnity agreements.  During the third quarter of 2015, the Company recognized   $149.3 million   in losses related to the previously disposed operations as a result of the Patriot Coal bankruptcy. 

8.      Inventories    
    
  Inventories consist of the following:  

The repair parts and supplies are stated net of an allowance for slow-moving and obsolete inventories of   $5.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $6.0 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 

9.       Investments in Available-for-Sale Securities 
    
  The Company has invested in marketable debt securities, primarily highly liquid investment grade corporate bonds.  These investments are held in the custody of a major financial institution.  These securities, along with the Company s investments in marketable equity securities, are classified as available-for-sale securities and, accordingly, the unrealized gains and losses are recorded through other comprehensive income.  
    
  The Company s investments in available-for-sale marketable securities are as follows: 

Table of Contents  

The aggregate fair value of investments with unrealized losses that were owned for less than a year was   $73.0 million   and   $184.6 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The aggregate fair value of investments with unrealized losses that were owned for over a year, and were also in a continuous unrealized loss position during that time, was   $28.6 million   and   $15.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  The unrealized losses in the Company s portfolio at   September 30, 2016   are the result of normal market fluctuations.  The Company does not currently intend to sell these investments before recovery of their amortized cost base. 
    
  The debt securities outstanding at   September 30, 2016   have maturity dates ranging from the   third quarter of 2016   through the   fourth quarter of 2017  .  The Company classifies its investments as current based on the nature of the investments and their availability to provide cash for use in current operations. 

10.       Derivatives    
    
  Diesel fuel price risk management 
    
  The Company is exposed to price risk with respect to diesel fuel purchased for use in its operations. The Company anticipates purchasing approximately   41   to   46 million   gallons of diesel fuel for use in its operations during   2016  .  To protect the Company s cash flows from increases in the price of diesel fuel for its operations, the Company uses forward physical diesel purchase contracts and purchased heating oil call options.  The Company has purchased   8.4 million   gallons of call options for the remainder of 2016 representing   65%   of expected purchases at an average strike price of   $1.40   per gallon.  Additionally, the Company has protected approximately   49%    of its expected   2017   purchases with call options with an average strike price of   $1.66   per gallon.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had outstanding heating oil call options for approximately   22 million   gallons for the purpose of managing the price risk associated with future diesel purchases.  These positions are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes, and therefore, changes in the fair value are recorded immediately to earnings. 
    
  Coal price risk management positions 
    
  The Company may sell or purchase forward contracts, swaps and options in the over-the-counter coal market in order to manage its exposure to coal prices. The Company has exposure to the risk of fluctuating coal prices related to forecasted, index-priced sales or purchases of coal or to the risk of changes in the fair value of a fixed price physical sales contract. Certain derivative contracts may be designated as hedges of these risks. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company held derivatives for risk management purposes that are expected to settle in the following years: 

The Company has also entered into a nominal quantity of natural gas put options to protect the Company from decreases in natural gas prices, which could impact thermal coal demand.  These options are not designated as hedges.  Additionally, the  

Table of Contents  

Company has also entered into a nominal quantity of foreign currency put options protecting for decreases in the Australian to United States dollar exchange rate, which could impact metallurgical coal demand.  These options are not designated as hedges. 
    
  Coal trading positions 
    
  The Company may sell or purchase forward contracts, swaps and options in the over-the-counter coal market for trading purposes. The Company is exposed to the risk of changes in coal prices on the value of its coal trading portfolio. The estimated future realization of the value of the trading portfolio is   $1.5 million   of   gains   during the remainder of   2016  . 
    
  Tabular derivatives disclosures 
    
  The Company has master netting agreements with all of its counterparties which allow for the settlement of contracts in an asset position with contracts in a liability position in the event of default or termination. Such netting arrangements reduce the Company s credit exposure related to these counterparties. For classification purposes, the Company records the net fair value of all the positions with a given counterparty as a net asset or liability in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amounts shown in the table below represent the fair value position of individual contracts, and not the net position presented in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair value and location of derivatives reflected in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets are as follows: 

The Company had a current   asset   for the   right to reclaim cash collateral   of   $1.4 million   at   September 30, 2016   and the   right to reclaim cash collateral   of   $1.7 million   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively. These amounts are not included with the derivatives presented in the table above and are included in  other current assets  in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Table of Contents  

The effects of derivatives on measures of financial performance are as follows: 
    
  Derivatives used in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships (in thousands) 
  Three Months Ended September 30,       

No ineffectiveness or amounts excluded from effectiveness testing relating to the Company s cash flow hedging relationships were recognized in the results of operations in the   three   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .   
    
  Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments (in thousands) 
  Three Months Ended September 30,     

____________________________________________________________ 
  Location in statement of operations: 
  (1)     Revenues 
  (2)     Cost of sales 
  (3)     Change in fair value of coal derivatives and coal trading activities, net 
  (4)     Other operating (income) expense, net 
    
  Derivatives used in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships (in thousands) 
  Nine Months Ended September 30,       

No ineffectiveness or amounts excluded from effectiveness testing relating to the Company s cash flow hedging relationships were recognized in the results of operations in the   nine   month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .   

Table of Contents  

Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments (in thousands) 
  Nine Months Ended September 30,     

____________________________________________________________ 
  Location in statement of operations: 
  (1)     Revenues 
  (2)     Cost of sales 
  (3)     Change in fair value of coal derivatives and coal trading activities, net 
  (4)     Other operating (income) expense, net 
    
  Based on fair values at   September 30, 2016  , amounts on derivative contracts designated as hedge instruments in cash flow hedges to be  reclassified from other comprehensive income into earnings during the next twelve months are immaterial.  
    
  Related to its trading portfolio, the Company recognized net unrealized and realized   gains   of   $0.1 million   and net unrealized and realized   gains   of   $4.4 million    during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively; and net unrealized and realized   losses   of   $0.9 million   and net unrealized and realized   gains   of   $3.3 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  Gains and losses from trading activities are included in the caption  Change in fair value of coal derivatives and coal trading activities, net  in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, and are not included in the previous tables reflecting the effects of derivatives on measures of financial performance. 

11.       Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities    
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following:    

Table of Contents  

12.      Debt and Financing Arrangements    

Acceleration of Debt Obligations; Automatic Stay 
    
  The filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions constituted an event of default that accelerated the Company s obligations under the documents governing each of its   7.00%   senior notes due 2019,   9.875%   senior notes due 2019,   8.00%   senior secured second lien notes due 2019,   7.25%   senior notes due 2020,    7.25%   senior notes due 2021 (together, the  senior notes ) and senior secured first lien term loan due 2018 (the  Existing Credit Agreement ) (collectively with the senior notes, the  Debt Instruments ).  Immediately after filing the Bankruptcy Petitions, the Company began notifying all known current or potential creditors of the Debtors of the bankruptcy filings.  
    
  Pursuant to Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically stayed most actions against the Debtors, including actions to collect indebtedness incurred prior to the Petition Date or to exercise control over the Debtors  property. Subject to certain exceptions under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Debtors  Chapter 11 Cases also automatically stayed the continuation of most legal proceedings or the filing of other actions against or on behalf of the Debtors or their property to recover on, collect or secure a claim arising prior to the Petition Date or to exercise control over property of the Debtors  bankruptcy estates, unless and until the Court modifies or lifts the automatic stay as to any such claim.  Notwithstanding the general application of the automatic stay described above, governmental authorities may determine to continue actions brought under their police and regulatory powers. 
    
  The Debtors emerged from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016 and, as a result, the Company s outstanding obligations under the Debt Instruments were discharged.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events.  
    
  Securitization Agreement 
    
  On January 13, 2016, the Company agreed with the Securitization Financing Providers that, subject to the Amendments, they will continue the   $200 million   trade accounts receivable securitization facility provided to Arch Receivable Company, LLC, a non-debtor special-purpose entity that is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( Arch Receivable ) (the  Securitization Facility ).  
    
  Pursuant to the Amendments, which have been approved by the Court on a final basis, the Debtors agreed to a revised schedule of fees payable to the administrator and the Securitization Financing Providers.  The cost of an advance backstopping a letter of credit issued under the Securitization Facility is determined by   two   factors: (a) a program fee of    2.65%   per year and payable on each settlement date to each Securitization Financing Provider deemed to have made such an advance and (b) the  discount,  which is calculated based on each Securitization Financing Provider s costs, including its cost of the issuance and placement of short term promissory notes to fund such an advance. 
    
  In connection with the Securitization Facility, Arch Receivable has granted to the administrator (for the benefit of the securitization purchasers) a first priority security interest in all of its assets, including all outstanding accounts receivable  

Table of Contents  

generated by the Debtors from the sale of coal and sold through the Securitization Facility (including collections, proceeds and certain other interests related thereto) (the  Receivables ) and all proceeds thereof. 
    
  The agreements governing the Securitization Facility provide for the grant of analogous security interests by certain Debtors that generate Receivables from the sale of coal (such Debtors, the  Originators ). The agreements expressly state that the transfers of Receivables from the Originators to Arch and from Arch to Arch Receivable are intended to be true sales of the Receivables. However, if, against the intent of the parties (and notwithstanding entry of an order by the Court which provides that the transfers of the Receivables constitute true sales), any such transfer is recharacterized as a loan or extension of credit, each Originator has granted a first priority prepetition security interest in the Receivables and certain related collateral, pursuant to the agreements governing the Securitization Facility, for the ultimate benefit of the administrator and the Securitization Financing Providers (the  Liens ). The Debtors have agreed, in connection with the Amendments, to effectively extend such Liens to cover Receivables generated on or after the Petition Date. 
    
  The Originators do not guarantee the collection of Receivables that have been transferred to Arch Receivable. However, the Originators are obligated to reimburse Arch Receivable for inaccuracy of certain representations and warranties, dilution items with respect to Receivables and certain other limited indemnities (such obligations, the  Repayment Amounts ). Under the agreements governing the Securitization Facility, Arch Receivable is entitled to apply Repayment Amounts to amounts owed under the Securitization Facility. 
    
  Further, the Company has executed a performance guarantee through which it has promised to fulfill, or cause Arch Receivable, the designated servicer and each Originator to fulfill, each of their obligations under the agreements governing the Securitization Facility. In addition, as contemplated by the Amendments, the Originators have also executed a performance guarantee promising to fulfill obligations of all Originators under the agreements. 
    
  In addition, in connection with the Amendments, the Debtors have granted superpriority claims against the Debtors and in favor of Arch Receivable, the administrator and the Securitization Financing Providers in respect of certain of the Debtors  obligations under the agreements governing the Securitization Facility, including the Repayment Amounts and certain other limited indemnification and other obligations of the Debtors under the agreements.  On May 9, 2016, the Securitization Facility was amended to exclude account receivables in respect of certain disposed mining operations of one of the Debtors and to effect the release of certain liens relating to such account receivables. 
    
  The Company extended and amended the Securitization Facility on October 5, 2016.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events.  
    
  Debtor-In-Possession Financing 
    
  On January 21, 2016, the Superpriority Secured Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement (as amended on March 4, 2016, March 28, 2016, April 26, 2016, June 10, 2016, June 23, 2016, July 20, 2016 and September 28, 2016, the  DIP Credit Agreement ) was entered into by and among Arch Coal, as borrower, certain of the Debtors, as guarantors  (the  Guarantors  and, together with the Company, the  DIP Loan Parties ), the lenders from time to time party thereto (the  DIP Lenders ) and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the DIP Lenders (in such capacities, the  DIP Agent ). 
       
  The DIP Credit Agreement, which has been approved by the Court on a final basis, provides for a super-priority senior secured debtor-in-possession credit facility (the  DIP Facility ) consisting of term loans (collectively, the  DIP Term Loan ) in the aggregate principal amount of up to   $275 million  . 
    
  The maturity date of the DIP Facility is the earliest of (i) January 31, 2017, (ii) the date of the substantial consummation of a plan of reorganization that is confirmed pursuant to an order of the Court, (iii) the consummation of the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the DIP Loan Parties pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code and (iv) the date the obligations under the DIP Facility are accelerated pursuant to the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement.  Borrowings under the DIP Facility bear interest at an interest rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option (i) LIBOR plus   9.00%  , subject to a   1.00%   LIBOR floor or (ii) the base rate plus   8.00%  . 
    
  Obligations under the DIP Credit Agreement are guaranteed on a super-priority senior secured basis by all existing and future wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of Arch Coal, and all newly created or acquired wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of Arch Coal, subject to customary limited exceptions. 

Table of Contents  

The lenders under the DIP Credit Agreement have a first priority lien on all encumbered and unencumbered assets of the DIP Loan Parties (the  DIP Lien ), subject to a   $75 million   carve-out for super-priority claims relating to the Debtors  self-bonding obligations in Wyoming, a customary professional fees carve-out and certain exceptions.  
    
  The DIP Loan Parties are subject to certain financial maintenance covenants under the DIP Credit Agreement, including, without limitation, (i) maximum capital expenditures and (ii) minimum liquidity (defined as unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of Arch Coal and its domestic subsidiaries (other than any securitization subsidiary or bonding subsidiary), plus withdrawable funds from brokerage accounts of Arch Coal and its domestic subsidiaries (other than any securitization subsidiary or bonding subsidiary) plus any unused commitments that are available to be drawn by the Company pursuant to the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement) of (A)   $300 million   prior to the entry of the Final Order (as defined below) and (B)   $500 million   following the entry of the Final Order, in each case tested on a monthly basis.  The DIP Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants and representations for debtor-in-possession financings.  In addition to customary events of default for debtor-in-possession financings, the DIP Credit Agreement contains milestones relating to the Chapter 11 Cases and any failure to comply with such milestones constitutes an event of default. 
    
  The DIP Facility is subject to certain usual and customary prepayment events, including 100% of net cash proceeds of (i) debt issuances (other than debt permitted to be incurred under the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement), (ii) non-ordinary course asset sales or dispositions in excess of   $50 million   in the aggregate (with no individual asset sale or disposition in excess of   $7.5 million  ) and (iii) any casualty event in excess of   $50 million   in the aggregate, subject to customary reinvestment rights, in each case to be applied to prepay the DIP Term Loan.  At a hearing held on February 23, 2016 in the Chapter 11 Cases, the Court issued an order approving the DIP Facility on a final basis (the  Final Order ), overruling the objections of the Creditors  Committee and certain other parties who asserted, among other things, that the DIP Facility was unnecessary and argued that the Debtors should enter into an alternate debtor-in-possession financing facility proposed by certain members of the Creditors  Committee. 
    
  Arch Coal entered into an amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2016 which extended the availability period to borrow under the DIP Facility from July 21, 2016 to the earlier to occur of (i) September 30, 2016 and (ii) the termination of the DIP Facility with a corresponding extension to the period during which the   5%   per annum unused commitment fee is applicable. 
    
  Arch Coal entered into an amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2016, which (i) extended the availability period to borrow under the DIP Facility and (ii) extended the deadline for the Plan to become effective, in each case, to coincide with the Company s emergence from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016, with a corresponding extension to the period during which the   5%   per annum unused commitment fee is applicable. 
    
  The Company paid   $17.0 million   in financing fees related to the DIP Facility which have been deferred and are being amortized over the term of the DIP Facility. 
    
  The Debtors emerged from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016 and all commitments under the DIP Credit Agreement were terminated.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events.  
    
  Contractual Interest Expense 
    
  The Company has recorded interest expense of   $46.2 million   and   $135.9 million    for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $99.8 million   and   $298.6 million    for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , respectively.  The reduction in interest expense in the current year is due to the Company s bankruptcy filing.  The contractual interest expense parenthetically disclosed on the face of the income statement represents interest expense that the Company was obligated to pay prior to the bankruptcy filing. 

13.        Income Taxes    
    
  During 2016, the Company determined it was more likely than not that the federal and state net operating losses it expects to generate in 2016 will not be realized based on projections of future taxable income.  Accordingly, the estimated annual effective rate for the year ended   December 31, 2016   includes the impact of recording a valuation allowance against these attributes.   During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company realized a net tax benefit of   $4.6 million  , which included an expense to increase the valuation allowance of   $181.9 million   for federal net operating losses and tax credits and   $9.3 million   for the state net operating losses. 

Table of Contents  

During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company increased its valuation allowance for the portion of the federal and state net operating losses it expected to generate in 2015.  The Company increased its valuation allowance by   $616.0 million   for the federal net operating losses and   $29.4 million   for the state net operating losses. 

14.      Fair Value Measurements    
    
  The hierarchy of fair value measurements assigns a level to fair value measurements based on the inputs used in the respective valuation techniques. The levels of the hierarchy, as defined below, give the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. 
    
           Level 1 is defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 1 assets include available-for-sale equity securities, U.S. Treasury securities, and coal futures that are submitted for clearing on the New York Mercantile Exchange. 
    
           Level 2 is defined as observable inputs other than Level 1 prices. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in an active market, quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. The Company s level 2 assets and liabilities include U.S. government agency securities and commodity contracts (coal and heating oil) with fair values derived from quoted prices in over-the-counter markets or from prices received from direct broker quotes. 
    
           Level 3 is defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. These include the Company s commodity option contracts (coal, natural gas and heating oil) valued using modeling techniques, such as Black-Scholes, that require the use of inputs, particularly volatility, that are rarely observable. Changes in the unobservable inputs would not have a significant impact on the reported Level 3 fair values at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  The table below sets forth, by level, the Company s financial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet:  

The Company s contracts with its counterparties allow for the settlement of contracts in an asset position with contracts in a liability position in the event of default or termination. For classification purposes, the Company records the net fair value of all the positions with these counterparties as a net asset or liability. Each level in the table above displays the underlying contracts according to their classification in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, based on this counterparty netting. 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the change in the fair values of financial instruments categorized as Level 3. 

Net unrealized   losses   of   $0.5 million   and   $0.0 million   were recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations during the   three and nine months ended     September 30,     2016   related to Level 3 financial instruments held on   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the fair value of the Company s debt, including amounts classified as current, was   $1.5 billion   and   $937.1 million  , respectively. Fair values are based upon observed prices in an active market, when available, or from valuation models using market information, which fall into Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

15.       Loss Per Common Share    
     
  The effect of options, restricted stock and restricted stock units that were excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding because the exercise price or grant price of the securities exceeded the average market price of the Company s common stock was immaterial for  both the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , and 2015, respectively.  The weighted average share impact of options, restricted stock and restricted stock units that were excluded from the calculation of weighted average shares due to the Company s incurring a net loss was immaterial for both the   three and nine months ended     September 30,     2016   and 2015, respectively.  

16.      Employee Benefit Plans    
  The following table details the components of pension benefit costs: 

Table of Contents  

The following table details the components of other postretirement benefit costs (credits): 

17.       Commitments and Contingencies    
    
  The Company accrues for costs related to contingencies when a loss is probable and the amount is reasonably determinable. Disclosure of contingencies is included in the financial statements when it is at least reasonably possible that a material loss or an additional material loss in excess of amounts already accrued may be incurred. 
    
  In addition, the Company is a party to numerous other claims and lawsuits with respect to various matters. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the Company had accrued   $2.9 million   and   $2.8 million  , respectively, for all legal matters, of which all amounts are classified as current.  The ultimate resolution of any such legal matter could result in outcomes which may be materially different from amounts the Company has accrued for such matters.  
    
  Pursuant to Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically stayed most actions against the Debtors, including actions to collect indebtedness incurred prior to the Petition Date or to exercise control over the Debtors  property.  Subject to certain exceptions under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Debtors  Chapter 11 Cases also automatically stayed the continuation of most legal proceedings or the filing of other actions against or on behalf of the Debtors or their property to recover on, collect or secure a claim arising prior to the Petition Date or to exercise control over property of the Debtors  bankruptcy estates, unless and until the Court modifies or lifts the automatic stay as to any such claim.  Notwithstanding the general application of the automatic stay described above, governmental authorities may determine to continue actions brought under their police and regulatory powers. 
    
  The Debtors emerged from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016 and, as a result, the automatic stay described above no longer applies, and all actions are permanently enjoined and precluded from proceeding to the extent they seek monetary compensation or claim breach of an obligation that gives rise to a right to payment, except to the extent that the claimant seeks payment solely from the proceeds of insurance coverage, and with respect to certain actions by governmental entities, in each case, as set forth in the Plan.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events  to this Form 10-Q. 

Table of Contents  

18.      Segment Information       
    
  The Company s reportable business segments are based on the major coal producing basins in which the Company operates and may include a number of mine complexes. The Company manages its coal sales by coal basin, not by individual mining complex. Geology, coal transportation routes to customers, regulatory environments and coal quality or type are characteristic to a basin, and, accordingly, market and contract pricing have developed by coal basin. Mining operations are evaluated based on adjusted EBITDAR, as well as on other non-financial measures, such as safety and environmental performance. The Company s reportable segments are the Powder River Basin (PRB) segment, with operations in Wyoming; and the Appalachia (APP) segment, with operations primarily in West Virginia.  The  Other  category combines other operating segments and includes the Company s coal mining operations in Colorado and Illinois. 
    
  Operating segment results for the   three and nine months ended     September 30,     2016   and   2015   are presented below. The Company uses Adjusted EBITDAR to assess the operating segments  performance and to allocate resources.  Corporate, Other and Eliminations includes the change in fair value of coal derivatives and coal trading activities, net; corporate overhead; land management; other support functions; and the elimination of intercompany transactions.   

Table of Contents  

A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDAR to consolidated loss before income taxes follows: 

Table of Contents  

19  .    Subsequent Events    
    
  Bankruptcy Items 
    
  On September 13, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order, Docket No. 1324, confirming the Debtors  Fourth Amended Joint Plan of Reorganization Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code dated as of September 11, 2016 (the  Plan ), which order was amended on September 15, 2016, Docket No. 1334.  
    
  On October 5, 2016, Arch Coal satisfied the closing conditions contemplated by the Plan, which became effective on that date (the  Effective Date ).  
    
  New First Lien Debt Facility 
    
  On the Effective Date, pursuant to the Plan and as a condition to its effectiveness, Arch Coal entered into a new senior secured term loan credit agreement in an aggregate principal amount of   $326.5 million   with Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, the  Agent ) for the lenders party thereto from time to time (collectively, the  Lenders ). The Lenders are all institutions that previously committed to make loans to Arch Coal under the DIP Credit Agreement (as defined below), and pursuant to the Plan collectively received a distribution of   94%   of Arch Coal s new common stock upon emergence.  The New First Lien Debt Facility will mature on the date that is   five   years after the Effective Date.   
    
  Borrowings under the New First Lien Debt Facility bear interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the option of Arch Coal, either (i) a London interbank offered rate plus an applicable margin of   9%  , subject to a   1%   LIBOR floor (the  LIBOR Rate ), or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin of   8%  . Interest payments will be payable in cash, unless Arch Coal s liquidity (as defined therein) after giving effect to the applicable interest payment would not exceed   $300 million  , in which case interest may be payable in kind (any such interest that is paid in kind, the  PIK Interest ). The term loans provided under the New First Lien Debt Facility (the  Term Loans ) are subject to quarterly principal amortization payments in an amount equal   $816,250  . To the extent any interest is paid as PIK Interest on any interest payment date, the amount of the Term Loans in respect of which such PIK Interest is payable will be deemed to have accrued additional interest over the preceding interest period at   1.00%  , which additional interest will be capitalized and added to the principal amount of outstanding Term Loans.  The New First Lien Debt Facility is guaranteed by all existing and future wholly owned domestic subsidiaries of Arch Coal (collectively, the  Subsidiary Guarantors  and, together with Arch Coal, the  Exit Loan Parties ), subject to customary exceptions, and is secured by first priority security interests on substantially all assets of the Exit Loan Parties, including   100%   of the voting equity interests of directly owned domestic subsidiaries and   65%   of the voting equity interests of directly owned foreign subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions.  Arch Coal has the right to prepay Term Loans at any time and from time to time in whole or in part without premium or penalty, upon written notice, except that any prepayment of Term Loans that bear interest at the LIBOR Rate other than at the end of the applicable interest periods therefor shall be made with reimbursement for any funding losses and redeployment costs of the Lenders resulting therefrom.  The New First Lien Debt Facility is subject to certain usual and customary mandatory prepayment events, including   100%   of net cash proceeds of (i) debt issuances (other than debt permitted to be incurred under the terms of the New First Lien Debt Facility) and (ii) non-ordinary course asset sales or dispositions, subject to customary thresholds, exceptions and reinvestment rights.  The New First Lien Debt Facility contains customary affirmative covenants and representations.  The New First Lien Debt Facility also contains customary negative covenants, which, among other things, and subject to certain exceptions, include restrictions on (i) indebtedness, (ii) liens and guaranties, (iii) liquidations, mergers, consolidations, acquisitions, (iv) disposition of assets or subsidiaries, (v) affiliate transactions, (vi) creation or ownership of certain subsidiaries, partnerships and joint ventures, (vii) continuation of or change in business, (viii) restricted payments, (ix) prepayment of subordinated indebtedness, (x) restrictions in agreements on dividends, intercompany loans and granting liens on the collateral, (xi) loans and investments, (xii) changes in organizational documents, (xiii) transactions with respect to bonding subsidiaries and (xiv) hedging transactions. The New First Lien Debt Facility does not contain any financial maintenance covenant.  The New First Lien Debt Facility contains customary events of default, subject to customary thresholds and exceptions, including, among other things, (i) non-payment of principal and non-payment of interest and fees, (ii) a material inaccuracy of a representation or warranty at the time made, (iii) a failure to comply with any covenant, subject to customary grace periods in the case of certain affirmative covenants, (iv) cross-events of default to indebtedness of at least   $35 million  , (v) cross-events of default to surety, reclamation or similar bonds securing obligations with an aggregate face amount of at least   $50 million  , (vi) uninsured judgments in excess of   $35 million  , (vii) any loan document shall cease to be a legal, valid and binding agreement, (viii) uninsured losses or proceedings against assets with a value in excess of   $35 million  , (ix) ERISA events, (x) a change of control or (xi) bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings relating to Arch Coal or any material subsidiary of Arch Coal. 

Table of Contents  

Securitization Facility 
    
  On the Effective Date, Arch Coal extended and amended its existing   $200 million   trade accounts receivable securitization facility provided to Arch Receivable Company, LLC, a non-Debtor special-purpose entity that is a wholly owned subsidiary of Arch Coal ( Arch Receivable ) (the  Extended Securitization Facility ), which continues to support the issuance of letters of credit and reinstates Arch Receivable s ability to request cash advances, as existed prior to the filing of the voluntary petitions for relief under the Bankruptcy Code. Pursuant to the Extended Securitization Facility, the Debtors agreed to a revised schedule of fees payable to the administrator and the providers of the Extended Securitization Facility.  The Extended Securitization Facility will terminate at the earliest of (i)   three   years from the Effective Date, (ii) if the Liquidity (defined in the Extended 
  Securitization Facility and consistent with the definition in the New First Lien Debt Facility) is less than   $175,000,000   for a period of   60   consecutive days, the date that is the 364th day after the first day of such 60 consecutive day period and (iii) the occurrence of certain predefined events substantially consistent with the existing transaction documents. Under the Extended Securitization Facility, Arch Receivable and certain of the Reorganized Debtors (as defined above) party to the Extended Securitization Facility have granted to the administrator of the Extended Securitization Facility a first priority security interest in eligible trade accounts receivable generated by such Debtors from the sale of coal and all proceeds thereof. 
    
  Warrant Agreement 
    
  On the Effective Date, Arch Coal entered into a warrant agreement (the  Warrant Agreement ) with American Stock Transfer   Trust Company, LLC as warrant agent and, pursuant to the terms of the Plan, issued warrants ( Warrants ) to purchase up to an aggregate of   1,914,856   shares of Class A Common Stock, par value   $0.01   per share, of Arch Coal (the  Class A Common Stock ) to holders of claims arising under the Cancelled Notes (as defined below).  Each Warrant expires on October 5, 2023, and is initially exercisable for   one   share of Class A Common Stock at an initial exercise price of   $57.00   per share. The Warrants are exercisable by a holder paying the exercise price in cash or on a cashless basis, at the election of the holder. The Warrants contain anti-dilution adjustments for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends, dividends and distributions of cash, other securities or other property, spin-offs and tender and exchange offers by Arch Coal or its subsidiaries to purchase Class A Common Stock at above-market prices. 
    
  If, in connection with a merger, recapitalization, business combination, transfer to a third party of substantially all of Arch Coal s consolidated assets or other transaction that results in a change to the Class A Common Stock (each, a  Transaction ),   (i) the Transaction is consummated prior to the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date and the Transaction consideration to holders of Class A Common Stock is   90%   or more listed common stock or common stock of a company that provides publicly available financial reporting, and holds management calls regarding the same, no less than quarterly ( Reporting Stock ) or   (ii) regardless of the consideration, the Transaction is consummated on or after the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date, the Warrants will be assumed by the surviving company and will become exercisable for the consideration that the holders of Class A Common Stock receive in such Transaction;   provided   that if the consideration such holders receive consists solely of cash, then upon the consummation of such Transaction, Arch Coal will pay for each Warrant an amount of cash equal to the greater of (i) (x) the amount of cash payable with respect to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Warrant   minus   (y) the exercise price per share then in effect   multiplied by   the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Warrant and (ii)   $0  . 
    
  If a Transaction is consummated prior to the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date in which the Transaction consideration is less than   90%   Reporting Stock, a portion of the Warrants corresponding to the portion of the Transaction consideration that is Reporting Stock will be assumed by the surviving company and will become exercisable for the Reporting Stock consideration that the holders of Class A Common Stock receive in such Transaction, and the portion of the Warrants corresponding to the portion of the Transaction consideration that is not Reporting Stock will, at the option of each holder, (i) be assumed by the surviving company and will become exercisable for the consideration that the holders of Class A Common Stock receive in such Transaction or (ii) be redeemed by Arch Coal for cash in an amount equal to the Black Scholes Payment (as defined in the Warrant Agreement). 

Table of Contents  

Termination of Material Definitive Agreements 
    
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, all outstanding obligations under the following notes issued by Arch Coal and guaranteed by certain subsidiary guarantors, (collectively, the  Cancelled Notes ) were cancelled and the indentures governing such obligations were cancelled except as necessary to (a) enforce the rights, claims and interests of the applicable trustee vis-a-vis any parties other than the Debtors, (b) allow each trustee to receive distributions under the Plan and to distribute them to the holders of the Cancelled Notes in accordance with the terms of the applicable indenture, (c) preserve any rights of the applicable trustee to compensation, reimbursement and indemnification under each of the applicable indentures solely as against any money or property distributable to holders of Cancelled Notes, (iv) permit each of the trustees to enforce any obligation owed to them under the Plan and (v) permit each of the trustees to appear in the Chapter 11 cases or in any proceeding in the Bankruptcy Court or any other court:  

7.000%   Senior Notes due 2019, issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of June 14, 2011, by and among Arch Coal, as issuer, UMB Bank National Association, as trustee, and the guarantors named therein, as amended, supplemented or revised thereafter; 

7.250%   Senior Notes due 2020, issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of August 9, 2010, by and among Arch Coal, as issuer, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, and the guarantors named therein, as amended, supplemented or revised thereafter; 

7.250%   Senior Notes due 2021, issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of June 14, 2011, by and among Arch Coal, as issuer, UMB Bank National Association, as trustee, and the guarantors named therein, as amended, supplemented or revised thereafter; 

9.875%   Senior Notes due 2019, issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of November 21, 2012, by and among Arch Coal, as issuer, UMB Bank National Association, as trustee, and the guarantors named therein, as amended, supplemented or revised thereafter; and 

8.000%   Second Lien notes due 2019, issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of December 17, 2013, by and among Arch Coal, as issuer, Wilmington Savings Fund Society, as trustee and collateral agent as successor to UMB Bank National Association, and the guarantors named therein, as amended, supplemented or revised thereafter. 
       
  On the Effective Date, by operation of the Plan, all outstanding obligations under the following credit agreement (the  Prepetition Credit Agreement ) entered into by Arch Coal and guaranteed by certain of Arch Coal s subsidiaries and the related collateral, guaranty and other definitive agreements relating to the Prepetition Credit Agreement were cancelled and the Prepetition Credit Agreement was cancelled except as necessary to (i) enforce the rights, claims and interests of the Prepetition Agent (as defined below) and any predecessor thereof vis-a-vis the Lenders and any parties other than the Debtors, (ii) to allow the Prepetition Agent to receive distributions under the Plan and to distribute them to the lenders under the Prepetition Credit Agreement and (iii) preserve any rights of the Prepetition Agent and any predecessor thereof as against any money or property distributable to holders of claims arising out of the Prepetition Credit Agreement or any related transaction documents, including any priority in respect of payment and the right to exercise any charging lien: 

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2011 (as amended by the First Amendment, dated as of May 16, 2012, the Second Amendment, dated as of November 20, 2012, the Third Amendment, dated as of November 21, 2012 and the Fourth Amendment, dated as of December 17, 2013), among Arch Coal, Inc., as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its capacities as term loan facility administrative agent (as successor to Bank of America, N.A. in such capacity) and collateral agent (as successor to PNC Bank, National Association in such capacity) (in such capacities, the  Prepetition Agent ) 
       
  On the Effective Date, all outstanding obligations under the following credit agreement (the  DIP Credit Agreement ) other than contingent and/or unliquidated obligations were paid in cash in full, all commitments under the DIP Credit Agreement and the related transaction documents referred to therein as the  Loan Documents  were terminated, all liens on property of the Debtors arising out of or related to the DIP Facility terminated and the Loan Documents were cancelled except with respect to (a) contingent and and/or unliquidated obligations under the Loan Documents which survive the Effective Date and continue to be governed by the Loan Documents and (b) the relationships among the DIP Agent (as defined below) and the lenders under the DIP Credit Agreement, as applicable, including but not limited to, those provisions relating to the rights of the DIP Agent and the lenders to expense reimbursement, indemnification and other similar amounts, certain reinstatement obligations set forth in the DIP Credit Agreement and any provisions that may survive termination or maturity of the credit facility governed by the DIP Credit Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof: 

Table of Contents  

Superpriority Secured Debtor-In-Possession Credit Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2016 (as amended by the Waiver and Consent and Amendment No. 1, dated as of March 4, 2016, Amendment No. 2, dated as of March 28, 2016, Amendment No. 3, dated as of April 26, 2016, Amendment No. 4, dated as of June 10, 2016, Amendment No. 5, dated as of June 23, 2016, Amendment No. 6, dated as of July 20, 2016, and Amendment No. 7, dated as of September 28, 2016) among Arch Coal, Inc., as borrower, certain subsidiaries of Arch Coal, Inc., as guarantors, the lenders from time to time party there and Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent and as collateral agent (in such capacities, the  DIP Agent ). 
       
  Sales of Equity Securities 
    
  Under the Plan,   24,589,834   shares of Class A Common Stock and   410,166   shares of Class B Common Stock, par value   $.01   per share, ( Class B Common Stock  and together with Class A Common Stock,  Common Stock ) were distributed to the secured lenders and to certain holders of general unsecured claims under the Plan on the Effective Date. In addition, on the Effective Date, Arch Coal issued Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of   1,914,856   shares of Class A Common Stock. Arch Coal relied, based on the confirmation order it received from the Bankruptcy Court, on Section 1145(a)(1) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code to exempt from the   r  egistration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (i) the offer and sale of Common Stock to the secured lenders and to the general unsecured creditors, (ii) the offer and sale of the Warrants to the holders of claims arising under the Cancelled Notes and (iii) the offer and sale of the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. Section 1145(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code exempts the offer and sale of securities under a plan of 
  reorganization from registration under Section 5 of the Securities Act and state laws if three principal requirements are satisfied: 

the securities must be offered and sold under a plan of reorganization and must be securities of the debtor, of an affiliate participating in a joint plan of reorganization with the debtor or of a successor to the debtor under the plan of reorganization; 

the recipients of the securities must hold claims against or interests in the debtor; and 

the securities must be issued in exchange, or principally in exchange, for the recipient s claim against or interest in the debtor. 
       
  Accounting Impact of Emergence 
    
  Upon emergence, the Company will apply fresh start accounting to our consolidated financial statements because (i) the reorganization value of the assets of the emerging entity immediately before the date of confirmation was less than the total of all postpetition liabilities and allowed claims and (ii) the holders of the existing voting shares immediately before confirmation received less than   50 percent   of the voting shares of the emerging entity.  Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 will reflect the consummation of the Plan and the adoption of fresh start accounting. 
    
  In the application of fresh start accounting, the Company will allocate our reorganization value to the fair value of assets and liabilities in conformity with the guidance for the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. The amount remaining after allocation of the reorganization value to the fair value of identified tangible and intangible assets and liabilities, if any, will be reflected as goodwill and subject to periodic evaluation for impairment. In addition to fresh start accounting, the Company s future consolidated financial statements will reflect all effects of the transactions contemplated by the Plan.  Accordingly, the Company s future financial statements will not be comparable in many respects to its consolidated financial statements for periods prior to the adoption of fresh start accounting and prior to accounting for the effects of the Plan. 
    
  The Bankruptcy Court approved a range of   $650 million   to   $950 million   for its reorganization value. While the Company is currently in the process of determining the adjustments that will result from the application of fresh start accounting, the Company expects its final reorganization value to be at the higher end of the range approved by the Bankruptcy Court. 

Table of Contents  

20.     Supplemental Consolidating Financial Information    
    
  Pursuant to the indentures governing Arch Coal, Inc. s senior notes, certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of Arch Coal have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the senior notes on a joint and several basis. 
    
  Arch Coal and the subsidiaries which are guarantors under the senior notes are Debtors in the Chapter 11 Cases.  The following tables present condensed consolidating financial information for (i) the Company (Debtor), (ii) the issuer of the senior notes (Debtor), (iii) the guarantors under the senior notes (Debtor), and (iv) the entities which are not guarantors under the senior notes (Arch Receivable Company, LLC and the Company s subsidiaries outside the United States) (Non-Debtors).  These tables provide substantially the same information as would be presented pursuant to the disclosure requirements of  
  ASC 852 with respect to condensed combined financial statements of entities in reorganization proceedings. 
    
  The notes were discharged upon emergence from bankruptcy and are no longer outstanding. 
    
  Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations 
  Three Months Ended September 30,     2016    

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations 
  Three Months Ended September 30,     2015    

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations 
  Nine Months Ended September 30,     2016    

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations 
  Nine Months Ended September 30,     2015    

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 
  September 30, 2016    

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 
  December 31, 2015    

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
  Nine Months Ended September 30,     2016    

Table of Contents  

Arch Coal, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  (Debtor-in-Possession) 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
  Nine Months Ended September 30,     2015    

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
    
  Overview 
    
  Our regional results during the   third quarter   of   2016  , when compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  , were impacted by significant declines in volume and pricing, reflecting the lingering effects of long term weakness in all of the markets in which we participate.  We have responded by rationalizing volumes and shifting volumes to lower cost operations wherever possible.  Additionally, we continue to manage input costs and capital expenditures.  
    
  Pricing for our metallurgical sales during the current quarter declined compared to the prior year quarter due to the overhang from the persistent global oversupply that had driven pricing to multi-year lows.  Forward pricing continued to improve during the current quarter as supply rationalization took effect, economic growth, although slow, remained positive, and the U.S. dollar weakened slightly versus key foreign currencies.  Late in the current quarter, forward metallurgical pricing improvement accelerated substantially as supply scarcity became evident.  We believe this significant improvement was driven by supply rationalization in North America, a Chinese mandate to restrict its domestic supply, years of global underinvestment in the industry, and some specific international supply disruptions, particularly in Australia.  We sold 1.8 million tons of metallurgical coal during the   third quarter   of   2016   compared to 1.6 million tons during the   third quarter   of   2015  . Overseas thermal markets remained uneconomic for most U.S. production during the current quarter. 
    
  Domestic thermal coal volumes continued their significant year over year decline in all of our operating segments.  The historically mild winter, low natural gas pricing, high generator stockpiles, and the effects of the implementation of the Mercury Air Toxics Standards (MATS), combined to significantly reduce demand in domestic thermal markets.  The mild winter weather resulted in decreased space heating demand for natural gas, driving pricing of the competing fuel during the first half of   2016   to levels low enough to displace significant amounts of coal-fueled electric generation throughout the country.  Even PRB coal, with its lower cost structure, was significantly impacted by competition from low natural gas prices.  The reduced coal burn has left utilities with historically high coal stockpile levels, further depressing demand.  Closure of some coal fueled facilities to comply with the MATS regulation further reduced demand compared to the prior year periods.  Although the closed coal-fueled  plants were generally older, smaller, and less utilized than the remaining fleet, the closures have nevertheless had a negative impact on demand.  In the current quarter natural gas pricing increased as hotter than normal summer temperatures, increased gas exports, and stagnant gas production levels led to rising gas pricing, allowing coal burn to improve significantly from the first half of the current year.  Utility coal stockpiles were reduced during the current quarter, but remain above historical averages.        
    
  On January 11, 2016 (the  Petition Date ), Arch and substantially all of its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries (the  Filing Subsidiaries  and, together with Arch, the  Debtors ) filed voluntary petitions for reorganization (collectively, the  Bankruptcy Petitions ) under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the U.S. Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Missouri (the  Court ). The Debtors  Chapter 11 Cases (collectively, the  Chapter 11 Cases ) were jointly administered under the caption   In re Arch Coal, Inc., et al.   Case No. 16-40120 (lead case).  During the Chapter 11 Cases, each Debtor continued to operate its business as a  debtor in possession  under the jurisdiction of the Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the orders of the Court. 
    
  The Plan (as defined above) was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on September 13, 2016 and the Debtors emerged from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events  to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Table of Contents  

Results of Operations 
    
    Three Months Ended September 30,     2016   Compared to   Three Months Ended September 30,     2015       
    
  Revenues.    Our revenues consist of coal sales.      The following table summarizes information about our coal sales during the   three months ended September 30,     2016   and compares it with the information for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  : 

On a consolidated basis, coal sales   decreased   in the   third quarter   of   2016   from the   third quarter   of   2015  , primarily due to the reduction in thermal tons sold of approximately $122 million.  The Powder River Basin accounts for approximately 72% of the value of the thermal volume decrease.  Metallurgical and thermal pricing contributed approximately $9 million and $21 million to the reduction in coal sales respectively.  Increased metallurgical volume offset these decreases by approximately $13 million.  See discussion in  Regional Performance  for further information about regional results.   
    
  Costs, expenses and other.    The following table summarizes costs, expenses and other components of operating income for the   three months ended September 30,     2016   and compares it with the information for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  : 

Cost of sales.    Our cost of sales decreased in the   third quarter   of   2016   from the   third quarter   of   2015   due to reduced operating activity related to the significant volume decline and lower input pricing, particularly for diesel fuel.  Major categories of reduction include sales related royalties and operating taxes (approximately $31 million), maintenance (approximately $25 million), contractor mining costs (approximately $5 million), labor and benefits (approximately $23 million), and diesel fuel (approximately $9 million).  See discussion in  Regional Performance  for further information about regional results.  
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization.    When compared with the   third quarter   of   2015  , depreciation, depletion and amortization costs decreased in   2016   due to the impairment of certain long lived assets in the third and fourth quarters of 2015 and the significantly reduced volume levels. 
    
  Asset impairment and mine closure costs.    During the   third quarter   of   2015   our testing indicated impairment of several active and undeveloped properties.  Impairment costs in the   third quarter   of   2015   included assets at two operating complexes and a significant portion of our undeveloped coal reserves value.  See Note 6,  Asset Impairment and Mine Closure Costs  to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

Table of Contents  

Losses from disposed operations relating to Patriot Coal bankruptcy.    During the   third quarter   of   2015   we recorded liabilities for surety bond and employee obligations that we incurred as a result of the Patriot Coal bankruptcy.  See Note 7,  Losses from disposed operations resulting from Patriot Coal bankruptcy  to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses.    Total selling, general and administrative expenses decreased when compared with the   third quarter   of   2015  , primarily due to reduced legal and other professional services costs, lower compensation and benefits, and lower professional dues expense. 
    
  Other operating (income) expense, net  .  Other operating income for the   third quarter   of   2016   was unfavorable compared to the   third quarter   of   2015   primarily due to a $24 million gain from a contract settlement in the prior year quarter partially offset by a reduction in cost for liquidated damages on logistics contracts of approximately $13 million, and favorable mark to market impact from heating oil positions of approximately $3 million.  Substantially all of our agreements for export logistics that resulted in liquidated damages have been rejected in our Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings.  

Nonoperating Expense.    The following table summarizes our nonoperating expense for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and compares it with the information for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  : 

Nonoperating expenses in the   third quarter   of   2016   are related to our Chapter 11 reorganization efforts.  See further discussion in Note 4,  Reorganization Items, Net , to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
    
  Benefit from income taxes  .   The following table summarizes our benefit from income taxes for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and compares it with the information for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  : 

The income tax benefit rate of 6.0% in the   third quarter   of   2016   decreased from 14.7% in the   third quarter   of   2015   due to an increase in the percentage of calculated tax benefit subject to a valuation allowance.  See further discussion in Note   13  ,  Income Taxes , to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Table of Contents  

Nine Months Ended September 30,     2016   Compared to   Nine Months Ended September 30,     2015       
    
  Revenues.    Our revenues consist of coal sales.      The following table summarizes information about our coal sales during the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and compares it with the information for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  : 

On a consolidated basis, coal sales   decreased   in the   first nine months of      2016   from the   first nine months of      2015  , $504 million of the reduction is primarily due to the reduction in thermal tons sold.  The Powder River Basin accounts for approximately 75% of the value of the thermal volume decrease.  Metallurgical and thermal pricing contributed approximately $78 million and $64 million to the reduction in coal sales respectively.  Increased metallurgical volume offset these decreases by approximately $35 million.  See discussion in  Regional Performance  for further information about regional results.   
    
  Costs, expenses and other.    The following table summarizes costs, expenses and other components of operating income for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and compares it with the information for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  : 

Cost of sales.    Our cost of sales decreased in the   first nine months of      2016   from the   first nine months of      2015   due to reduced operating activity related to the significant volume decline and lower input pricing, particularly for diesel fuel.  Major categories of reduction include sales related royalties and operating taxes (approximately $130 million), maintenance  (approximately $78 million), contractor mining costs (approximately $39 million), labor and benefits (approximately $72 million), and diesel fuel (approximately $36 million).  See discussion in  Regional Performance  for further information about regional results.  
    
  Depreciation, depletion and amortization.    When compared with the   first nine months of      2015  , depreciation, depletion and amortization costs decreased in   2016   due to the impairment of certain long lived assets in the third and fourth quarters of 2015 and the significantly reduced volume levels. 
    
  Asset impairment and mine closure costs.    During the first quarter of   2016   we received notification of intent to idle operations by a third party to whom we leased certain Appalachian reserves.  As a result of the idling and weakness in the thermal coal market, we determined that the value of these reserves was impaired.  During the second quarter of   2016   we sold our interest in Millennium Bulk Terminal while retaining future throughput rights.  As a result of the sale, our remaining equity investment in Millennium was impaired. During the   third quarter   of   2015   our testing indicated impairment of several active and undeveloped properties.  Impairment costs in the   third quarter   of   2015   included assets at two operating complexes and a  

Table of Contents  

significant portion of our undeveloped coal reserves value. See Note 6,  Asset Impairment and Mine Closure Costs  to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
    
  Losses from disposed operations relating to Patriot Coal bankruptcy.    During the   third quarter   of   2015   we recorded liabilities for surety bond and employee obligations that we incurred as a result of the Patriot Coal bankruptcy.  See Note 7,  Losses from disposed operations resulting from Patriot Coal bankruptcy  to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses.    Total selling, general and administrative expenses decreased when compared with the   first nine months of      2015  , primarily due to lower compensation, legal and other professional services, and professional dues expense. 
    
  Other operating (income) expense, net  .  Other operating income for the   first nine months of      2016   was favorable to other operating expense for the   first nine months of      2015   primarily due to a reduction in cost for liquidated damages on logistics contracts of approximately $39 million and gains on sales of an idle and an active operation of approximately $6 million partially offset by a $24 million gain from a contract settlement in the prior year quarter.  Substantially all of our agreements for export logistics that resulted in liquidated damages have been rejected in our Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings.  

Nonoperating Expense.    The following table summarizes our nonoperating expense for the   nine months ended September 30,   and compares it with the information for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  : 

Nonoperating expenses in the   first nine months of      2016   are related to our proposed debt restructuring activities and Chapter 11 reorganization efforts.  See further discussion in Note 4,  Reorganization Items, Net , to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  
    
  Benefit from income taxes  .   The following table summarizes our benefit from income taxes for the   nine months ended September 30,      2016   and compares it with the information for the   nine months ended September 30,     2015  : 

The income tax benefit rate of 1.1% in the   first nine months of      2016   decreased from 13.3% in the   first nine months of      2015   due to an increase in the percentage of calculated tax benefit subject to a valuation allowance.  See further discussion in Note   13  ,  Income Taxes , to the condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Table of Contents  

Regional Performance 
    
   The following table shows results by operating segment for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and compares them with the information for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  .  The  Other  category represents the results of our other bituminous thermal operations: our West Elk mining complex in Colorado and our Viper mining complex in Illinois. 

This table reflects numbers reported under a basis that differs from U.S. GAAP.  See the  Reconciliation of Non-GAAP measurements  for explanation and reconciliation of these amounts to the nearest GAAP figures.    Other companies may calculate these per ton amounts differently, and our calculation may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures.   
       
  Powder River Basin     Adjusted EBITDAR decreased approximately 15% in the   third quarter   of   2016   when compared to the   third quarter   of   2015  , and approximately 55% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015.  The primary driver of the decline in Adjusted EBITDAR is the 34% reduction in shipment volume in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 discussed further in the  Overview  above.  Pricing declined in the current quarter and year to date primarily due to the annual roll off and no real replacement of sales orders for   2016  .  Cost per ton sold decreased in the   third quarter   but increased in the first nine months of   2016   when compared to the   third quarter   and first nine months of   2015  , respectively.  Cost per ton sold was lower in the current quarter due to efforts taken earlier in the year to rationalize operations to the lower volume levels, and a decrease in the percentage reduction in volume versus the first half of the current year.   Cost per ton sold was higher in the first nine months of the year due to the significant decrease in volume partially offset by reduced labor, reduced maintenance activity, lower supply usage, and lower input pricing, particularly lower diesel fuel pricing.  
    
  Appalachia     Adjusted EBITDAR decreased approximately 72% in the   third quarter   of   2016   when compared to the   third quarter   of   2015   and approximately 86% in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015.  Shipment volume and coal sales per ton both declined in the current year periods versus the prior year. Coal sales volumes decreased slightly in the   third quarter   and more significantly in the first nine months of   2016   when compared to the   third quarter   and first nine months of   2015  , respectively, due to the idling or sale of three operations impacting the comparative periods, and reduced thermal demand, partially offset by increased metallurgical shipments.  Metallurgical volume increased in both the current year three and nine month periods.  Pricing declined in the   third quarter   and first nine months of   2016   compared to the   third quarter   and first nine months of   2015   respectively, across all major quality specifications, with the greatest deterioration occurring in metallurgical pricing.  As discussed above in the  Overview , supply rationalization and disruption late in the current quarter significantly improved forward metallurgical pricing in the current period, but the impact on our realized pricing was muted due to our largely committed position.  Unit cost decreased significantly in the current year periods compared to the prior year periods, due to our continued shift of volume to lower cost operations, particularly the Leer  

Table of Contents  

complex, and the impairment of certain long lived assets in the third and fourth quarters of 2015 which significantly reduced depreciation, depletion, and amortization costs in the current year periods.  
    
  Other     Adjusted EBITDAR increased in the   third quarter    of   2016   when compared to the   third quarter   of   2015   due to  the elimination of liquidated damages charges in the current quarter and lower unit costs as a result of operational rationalization to lower volume levels.  Adjusted EBITDAR decreased in the first nine months of   2016   when compared to the first nine months of   2015   due to an approximately 37% decline in sales volume, partially offset by the significant reduction of liquidated damages charges in the current year period.  Unit costs decreased in the current year quarter as operations rationalization efforts more than offset volume reductions, but unit costs increased in the current year nine month period due to the volume reductions partially offset by rationalization efforts.  Pricing decreased in the   third quarter    and first nine months of   2016   when compared to the   third quarter   and first nine months of   2015   due to lower pricing on a major long-term supply agreement. 
    
  Reconciliation of Non-GAAP measures 
    
  Segment coal sales per ton sold   
    
  Segment coal sales per ton sold are calculated as the segment's coal sales revenues divided by segment tons sold.  The segments' sales per tons sold are adjusted for transportation costs, and may be adjusted for other items that, due to accounting rules, are classified in "other operating (income) expense, net" on the statement of operations, but relate to price protection on the sale of coal. Segment sales per ton sold is not a measure of financial performance in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  We believe segment sales per ton sold better reflects our revenue for the quality of coal sold and our operating results by including all income from coal sales. The adjustments made to arrive at these measures are significant in understanding and assessing our financial condition.  Therefore, segment coal sales revenues should not be considered in isolation, nor as an alternative to coal sales revenues under generally accepted accounting principles.  

Table of Contents  

Segment cost per ton sold 
    
  Segment costs per ton sold are calculated as the segment s cost of tons sold divided by segment tons sold.  The segments  cost of tons sold are adjusted for transportation costs, and may be adjusted for other items that, due to accounting rules, are classified in  other (income) expense, net  on the statement of operations, but relate directly to the costs incurred to produce coal. Segment cost of tons sold is not a measure of financial performance in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  We believe segment cost of tons sold better reflects our controllable costs and our operating results by including all costs incurred to produce coal. The adjustments made to arrive at these measures are significant in understanding and assessing our financial condition.  Therefore, segment cost of tons sold should not be considered in isolation, nor as an alternative to cost of sales under generally accepted accounting principles.  

Segment Adjusted EBITDAR to Net Income 
    
  The discussion in  Results of Operations  includes references to our Adjusted EBITDAR. Adjusted EBITDAR is defined as net income attributable to the Company before the effect of net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation, depletion and amortization, the amortization of acquired sales contracts and reorganization items, net. Adjusted EBITDAR may also be adjusted for items that may not reflect the trend of future results. We use Adjusted EBITDAR to assess the operating segments  performance and to allocate resources.  Investors should be aware that our presentation of Adjusted EBITDAR may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The table below shows how we calculate Adjusted EBITDAR. 

Table of Contents  

Corporate and other includes primarily selling, general and administrative expenses, income from our equity investments, certain actuarial adjustments, and certain changes in the fair value of coal derivatives and coal trading activities.  Corporate and other adjusted EBITDAR declined $18.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 while increasing $3.3 million in the first nine months of 2016 when compared to the third quarter and first nine months of 2015 respectively.  The decline in the third quarter was primarily due to a $24 million gain from a contract settlement in the prior year quarter partially offset by $5.2 million of reduced selling, general and administrative expenses.  The benefit in the first nine months was primarily due to $13.3 million of reduced selling, general and administrative expenses, $6.3 million favorable change in investments versus the prior year period, $6.9 million improvement in mark to market of heating oil derivatives, partially offset by the $24 million gain from a contact settlement in the prior year. 
    
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Our primary sources of liquidity are proceeds from coal sales to customers and certain financing arrangements. Excluding significant investing activity, we have historically satisfied our working capital requirements and funded capital expenditures and debt-service obligations with cash generated from operations, cash on hand and credit extensions under  available lines of credit.  During the market down cycle our focus is preserving liquidity and prudently managing costs, including capital expenditures.   
  The filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions constituted an event of default that accelerated our obligations under our Debt Instruments, all as further described in Note 12,  Debt and Financing Arrangements , in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  Pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically stayed most actions against the Debtors, including most actions to collect indebtedness incurred prior to the Petition Date or to exercise control over the Debtors  property. Accordingly, although the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions triggered defaults under Debt Instruments, creditors are stayed from taking action as a result of these defaults. Additionally, under Section 502(b)(2) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Company is no longer required to pay interest on its senior unsecured notes and senior secured notes accruing on or after the Petition Date. However, the Debtors are required to pay interest on amounts borrowed under the Superpriority Secured Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement  (as amended on March 4, 2016, March 28, 2016, April 26, 2016, June 10, 2016, June 23, 2016, July 20, 2016 and September 28, 2016). 
  The Plan (as defined above) was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court on September 13, 2016 and the Debtors emerged from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events  in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  On September 30, 2016, we had $511.7 million of cash and liquid securities on hand. Based on our current internal financial forecasts, we believe that our cash on hand, and cash generated from the results of our operations will be sufficient to fund anticipated cash requirements for minimum operating and capital expenditures and for working capital purposes. However, given the current level of volatility in the market and the unpredictability of certain costs that could potentially arise in our operations, our liquidity needs could be significantly higher than we currently anticipate. In particular, weak coal market industry conditions and reduced domestic thermal coal demand may continue to impact our results of operations and our available liquidity. 
  Upon emergence on October 5, 2016, we were required to make payments in consummation of the Plan; details of the payments and a proforma cash balance at emergence are shown in the table below: 

Table of Contents  

In addition to the bankruptcy exit related payments made prior to or upon emergence on October 5, 2016, we expect to make additional exit related payments totaling $77.7 million subsequent to emergence.  The remaining payments primarily relate to exit collateral, professional fees, remaining settlement payments to general unsecured creditors, and cure payments.  We expect the majority of the remaining payments to be made by the end of 2016. 
    
  Debtor-In-Possession Financing 
    
  On January 21, 2016, the Superpriority Secured Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement  (as amended on March 4, 2016, March 28, 2016, April 26, 2016, June 10, 2016, June 23, 2016, July 20, 2016 and September 28, 2016, the  DIP Credit Agreement ) was entered into by and among Arch Coal, as borrower, certain of the Filing Subsidiaries, as guarantors  (the  Guarantors  and, together with Arch Coal, the  DIP Loan Parties ), the lenders from time to time party thereto (the  DIP Lenders ) and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the DIP Lenders (in such capacities, the  DIP Agent ). 
       
  The DIP Credit Agreement which has been approved by the Court on a final basis provides for a super-priority senior secured debtor-in-possession credit facility (the  DIP Facility ) consisting of term loans (collectively, the  DIP Term Loan ) in the aggregate principal amount of up to $275 million. 
    
  The maturity date of the DIP Facility is the earliest of (i) January 31, 2017, (ii) the date of the substantial consummation of a plan of reorganization that is confirmed pursuant to an order of the Court, (iii) the consummation of the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the DIP Loan Parties pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code and (iv) the date the obligations under the DIP Facility are accelerated pursuant to the terms of the DIP Credit Agreement.  Borrowings under the DIP Facility bear interest at an interest rate per annum equal to, at the Company s option (i) LIBOR plus 9.00%, subject to a 1.00% LIBOR floor or (ii) the base rate plus 8.00%. 
    
  Obligations under the DIP Credit Agreement are guaranteed on a super-priority senior secured basis by all of our existing and future wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, and all newly created or acquired wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries, subject to customary limited exceptions. 
    
  The lenders under the DIP Credit Agreement have a first priority lien on all encumbered and unencumbered assets of the DIP Loan Parties (the  DIP Lien ), subject to a $75 million carve-out for super-priority claims relating to the Debtors  bonding obligations, a customary professional fees carve-out and certain exceptions.  
    
  Arch Coal entered into an amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2016 which extended the availability period to borrow under the DIP Facility from July 21, 2016 to the earlier to occur of (i) September 30, 2016 and (ii) the termination of the DIP Facility (which the Company currently expects to occur concurrently with its emergence from bankruptcy), with a corresponding extension to the period during which the   5%   per annum unused commitment fee is applicable.  Arch Coal entered into another amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2016, which  (i) extended the availability period to borrow under the DIP Facility and (ii) extended the deadline for the Plan to become effective, in each case, to coincide with the Company s emergence from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016, with a corresponding extension to the period during which the 5% per annum unused commitment fee is applicable. 
    
  The Debtors emerged from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016 (the  Effective Date ) and all commitments under the DIP Credit Agreement were terminated.  On the Effective Date, pursuant to the Plan (as defined above) and as a condition to its effectiveness, Arch Coal entered into a new senior secured term loan credit agreement in an aggregate principal amount of $326.5 million with Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent and collateral agent for the lenders party thereto from time to time (collectively, the  Lenders ).  The Lenders are all institutions that previously committed to make loans to Arch Coal under the DIP Credit Agreement (as defined above), and pursuant to the Plan collectively received a distribution of 94% of Arch Coal s new common stock upon emergence.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events  in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Table of Contents  

The following is a summary of cash provided by or used in each of the indicated types of activities during the   nine months ended September 30,      2016   and   2015  : 

Cash used in operating activities during the first nine months of 2016 decreased to $31.2 million compared to $79.7 million in the first nine months of 2015.  The decreased use of cash was driven by reduced cash interest paid of $152.5 million and a positive change in inventory of $83.5 million, partially offset by the decrease in our adjusted EBITDAR of $198.9 million primarily related to the significant volume declines discussed in the  Overview  and  Operational Performance  sections of  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
    
  We received   $15.1 million   of cash from investing activities during the first nine months of   2016   compared to using   $121.4 million   of cash in the first nine months of   2015  , due to a net $42.9 million increase in cash provided from marketable securities transactions, reduced capital expenditures of $26.8 million, and a positive net change in restricted cash of $60.7 million related to cash collateral required to support letters of credit outstanding under our accounts receivable securitization facility compared to the prior period.  
    
  Cash used in financing activities decreased $3.8 million in the first nine months of 2016, compared to the first nine months of 2015, due to the fact that no principal payment was made on the $1.9 billion term loan facility as compared to $14.6 million in the prior year period and pre-filing debt restructuring costs of $11.5 million in the prior year period, partially offset by $2.2 million of pre-filing debt restructuring costs in the current year period and financing costs associated with our DIP Facility of $17.0 million and our amended accounts receivable securitization facility of $3.2 million. 

Table of Contents  

Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
    
  The following table sets forth our ratios of earnings to combined fixed charges and preference dividends for the periods indicated: 

(1)                                           Earnings consist of income from continuing operations before income taxes and are adjusted to include only distributed income from affiliates accounted for on the equity method and fixed charges (excluding capitalized interest). Fixed charges consist of interest incurred on indebtedness, the portion of operating lease rentals deemed representative of the interest factor and the amortization of debt expense. 
   (2)        Total losses for the ratio calculation round to   $291.3 million   and total fixed charges were   $142.0 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  Total losses for the ratio calculation were   $2,306.2 million   and total fixed charges were   $305.9 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . 

Table of Contents  

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
  We manage our commodity price risk for our non-trading, thermal coal sales through the use of long-term coal supply agreements, and to a limited extent, through the use of derivative instruments.  Sales commitments in the metallurgical coal market are typically not long term in nature, and we are therefore subject to fluctuations in market pricing.  
    
  Our sales commitments for 2016 and 2017 were as follows as of   September 30, 2016  : 

At   September 30, 2016  , we had committed   2.1 million   tons of our expected 7.0 to 7.5 million tons of metallurgical coal production in   2017  .  Nearly half the total was associated with a two-year commitment with a major customer covering   2016   and   2017   and negotiated earlier in the year; 0.5 million tons relate to commitments to supply a pulverized coal injection (PCI) product; and most of the remainder was offered in July or August, prior to the significant increase in metallurgical coal prices. 
    
  We are also exposed to commodity price risk in our coal trading activities, which represents the potential future loss that could be caused by an adverse change in the market value of coal. Our coal trading portfolio included forward, swap and put and call option contracts at   September 30, 2016  . The estimated future realization of the value of the trading portfolio is   $1.5 million   of   gains   in the remainder of   2016  . 
    
  We monitor and manage market price risk for our trading activities with a variety of tools, including Value at Risk (VaR), position limits, management alerts for mark to market monitoring and loss limits, scenario analysis, sensitivity analysis and review of daily changes in market dynamics. Management believes that presenting high, low, end of year and average VaR is the best available method to give investors insight into the level of commodity risk of our trading positions. Illiquid positions, such as long-dated trades that are not quoted by brokers or exchanges, are not included in VaR. 
    
  VaR is a statistical one-tail confidence interval and down side risk estimate that relies on recent history to estimate how the value of the portfolio of positions will change if markets behave in the same way as they have in the recent past. The level of confidence is 95%.   The time across which these possible value changes are being estimated is through the end of the next business day. A closed-form delta-neutral method used throughout the finance and energy sectors is employed to calculate this VaR. VaR is back tested to verify its usefulness. 
    
  On average, portfolio value should not fall more than VaR on 95 out of 100 business days. Conversely, portfolio value declines of more than VaR should be expected, on average, 5 out of 100 business days. When more value than VaR is lost due to market price changes, VaR is not representative of how much value beyond VaR will be lost. 
    
  While presenting VaR will provide a similar framework for discussing risk across companies, VaR estimates from two independent sources are rarely calculated in the same way. Without a thorough understanding of how each VaR model was calculated, it would be difficult to compare two different VaR calculations from different sources.  
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , VaR for our coal trading positions that are recorded at fair value through earnings ranged from under   $0.1 million   to   $0.4 million  . The linear mean of each daily VaR was   $0.1 million  . The final VaR at   September 30, 2016   was   $0.1 million  .  

Table of Contents  

We are exposed to fluctuations in the fair value of coal derivatives that we enter into to manage the price risk related to future coal sales, but for which we do not elect hedge accounting. Gains or losses on these derivative instruments would be largely offset in the pricing of the physical coal sale.  During the   nine months ended September 30,     2016  , VaR for our risk management positions that are recorded at fair value through earnings ranged from   $0.1 million   to   $0.2 million  . The linear mean of each daily VaR was   $0.1 million  . The final VaR at   September 30, 2016   was   $0.1 million  . 
  We are also exposed to the risk of fluctuations in cash flows related to our purchase of diesel fuel. We expect to use approximately   41   to   46 million   gallons per year of diesel fuel for use in our operations during   2016  .  We enter into forward physical purchase contracts, as well as purchased heating oil options, to reduce volatility in the price of diesel fuel for our operations.  The Company has purchased   8.4 million   gallons of call options for the remainder of 2016 representing   65%   of expected purchases at an average strike price of   $1.40   per gallon. Additionally, we have protected approximately   49%   of our expected   2017   purchases with call options with an average strike price of   1.66   per gallon.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had purchased heating oil call options for approximately   22 million   gallons for the purpose of managing the price risk associated with future diesel purchases.  A $0.25 per gallon decrease in the price of heating oil would not result in an increase in our expense related to the heating oil derivatives.  

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures. 
    
  We performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  .  Based on that evaluation, our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II 
  OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings. 
    
  We are involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, including employee injury claims.  After conferring with counsel, it is the opinion of management that the ultimate resolution of these claims, to the extent not previously provided for, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.  Also, as a result of historical acquisitions or dispositions by us or other companies in our industry, we may time to time be subject to claims or legal actions, including in respect of certain employee or retiree health or pension benefits.   
    
  Permit Litigation Matters 
    
  Surface mines at our Mingo Logan and Coal-Mac mining operations were identified in an existing lawsuit brought by the Ohio Valley Environmental Coalition (OVEC) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia as having been granted Clean Water Act   404 permits by the Army Corps of Engineers (Corps), allegedly in violation of the Clean Water Act and the National Environmental Policy Act. The lawsuit, brought by OVEC in September 2005, originally was filed against the Corps for permits it had issued to four subsidiaries of a company unrelated to us or our operating subsidiaries. The suit claimed that the Corps had issued permits to the subsidiaries of the unrelated company that did not comply with the National Environmental Policy Act and violated the Clean Water Act. 
    
  The court ruled on the claims associated with those four permits in orders of March 23 and June 13, 2007. In the first of those orders, the court rescinded the four permits, finding that the Corps had inadequately assessed the likely impact of valley fills on headwater streams and had relied on inadequate or unproven mitigation to offset those impacts. In the second order, the court entered a declaratory judgment that discharges of sediment from the valley fills into sediment control ponds constructed in-stream to control that sediment must themselves be permitted under a different provision of the Clean Water Act,   402, and meet the effluent limits imposed on discharges from these ponds. Both of the district court rulings were appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. 
    
  Before the court entered its first order, the plaintiffs were permitted to amend their complaint to challenge the Coal-Mac and Mingo Logan permits. Plaintiffs sought preliminary injunctions against both operations, but later reached agreements with our operating subsidiaries that have allowed mining to progress in limited areas while the district court s rulings were on appeal. The claims against Coal-Mac were thereafter dismissed. 

Table of Contents  

In February 2009, the Fourth Circuit reversed the district court. The Fourth Circuit held that the Corps  jurisdiction under Section 404 of the Clean Water Act is limited to the narrow issue of the filling of jurisdictional waters. The court also held that the Corps  findings of no significant impact under the National Environmental Policy Act and no significant degradation under the Clean Water Act are entitled to deference. Such findings entitle the Corps to avoid preparing an environmental impact statement, the absence of which was one issue on appeal. These holdings also validated the type of mitigation projects proposed by our operations to minimize impacts and comply with the relevant statutes. Finally, the Fourth Circuit found that stream segments, together with the sediment ponds to which they connect, are unitary  waste treatment systems,  not  waters of the United States,  and that the Corps had not exceeded its authority in permitting them. 
    
  OVEC sought rehearing before the entire appellate court, which was denied in May 2009, and the decision was given legal effect in June 2009. An appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court was then filed in August 2009. On August 3, 2010 OVEC withdrew its appeal. 
    
  Mingo Logan filed a motion for summary judgment with the district court in July 2009, asking that judgment be entered in its favor because no outstanding legal issues remained for decision as a result of the Fourth Circuit s February 2009 decision. By a series of motions, the United States obtained extensions and stays of the obligation to respond to the motion in the wake of its letters to the Corps dated September 3 and October 16, 2009 (discussed below). By order dated April 22, 2010, the district court stayed the case as to Mingo Logan for the shorter of either six months or the completion of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s (EPA) proposed action to deny Mingo Logan the right to use its Corps  permit (as discussed below). 
    
  On October 15, 2010, the United States moved to extend the existing stay for an additional 120 days (until February 22, 2011) while the EPA Administrator reviewed the  Recommended Determination  issued by the EPA Region 3. By Memorandum Opinion and Order dated November 2, 2010, the court granted the United States  motion. On January 13, 2011, the EPA issued its  Final Determination  to withdraw the specification of two of the three watersheds as a disposal site for dredged or fill material approved under the current Section 404 permit. The court was notified of the Final Determination and by order dated March 21, 2011 stayed further proceedings in the case until further order of the court, in light of the challenge to the EPA s  Final Determination  then pending in federal court in Washington, D.C.   A full account and status of this litigation surrounding the Final Determination is set forth in the immediately following section. 
    
  On April 5, 2012, Mingo Logan moved to lift the stay referenced above. On June 5, 2012, the court entered an order lifting the stay and allowing the case to proceed on Mingo Logan s Motion for Summary Judgment. Shortly thereafter, OVEC filed a motion for leave to file a seventh amended and supplemental complaint seeking to update existing counts and raising two new claims (one, to enforce EPA s  Final Determination  and, the other, that the Corps  refusal to prepare a Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement violates the APA and NEPA). By Memorandum, Opinion and Order dated July 25, 2012, the court granted OVEC s motion and directed the Clerk to file OVEC s Seventh Amended and Supplemental Complaint. Mingo Logan filed its Motion for Summary Judgment on August 31, 2012, along with its Answer to the Seventh Amended and Supplemental Complaint and the matter remains pending before the court. 
    
  EPA Actions Related to Water Discharges from the Spruce Permit 
    
  By letter of September 3, 2009, the EPA asked the Corps of Engineers to suspend, revoke or modify the existing permit it issued in January 2007 to Mingo Logan under Section 404 of the Clean Water Act, claiming that  new information and circumstances have arisen which justify reconsideration of the permit.  By letter of September 30, 2009, the Corps of Engineers advised the EPA that it would not reconsider its decision to issue the permit. By letter of October 16, 2009, the EPA advised the Corps that it has  reason to believe  that the Mingo Logan mine will have  unacceptable adverse impacts to fish and wildlife resources  and that it intends to issue a public notice of a proposed determination to restrict or prohibit discharges of fill material that already are approved by the Corps  permit. By federal register publication dated April 2, 2010, the EPA issued its  Proposed Determination to Prohibit, Restrict or Deny the Specification, or the Use for Specification of an Area as a Disposal Site: Spruce No. 1 Surface Mine, Logan County, WV  pursuant to Section 404(c) of the Clean Water Act, the EPA accepted written comments on its proposed action (sometimes known as a  veto proceeding ), through June 4, 2010 and conducted a public hearing, as well, on May 18, 2010. We submitted comments on the action during this period. On September 24, 2010, the EPA Region 3 issued a  Recommended Determination  to the EPA Administrator recommending that the EPA prohibit the placement of fill material in two of the three watersheds for which filling is approved under the current Section 404 permit. Mingo Logan, along with the Corps, West Virginia DEP and the mineral owner, engaged in a consultation with the EPA as required by the regulations, to discuss  corrective action  to address the  unacceptable adverse effects  identified. On January 13, 2011, the EPA issued its  Final Determination  pursuant to Section 404(c) of the Clean Water Act to withdraw the specification of two of the three watersheds approved in the current Section 404 permit as a disposal site for dredged or fill  

Table of Contents  

material. By separate action, Mingo Logan sued the EPA on April 2, 2010 in federal court in Washington, D.C. seeking a ruling that the EPA has no authority under the Clean Water Act to veto a previously issued permit (Mingo Logan Coal Company, Inc. v. USEPA, No. 1:10-cv-00541(D.D.C.)). The EPA moved to dismiss that action, and we responded to that motion. 
    
  Pursuant to a scheduling order for summary disposition of the case, motions and cross-motions for summary judgment by both parties were filed. On November 30, 2011, the court heard arguments from the parties limited only to the threshold issue of whether the EPA had the authority under Section 404(c) of the Clean Water Act to withdraw the specification of the disposal site after the Corps had already issued a permit under Section 404(a). The court deferred consideration of the remaining issue (i.e. whether the EPA s  Final Determination  is otherwise lawful) until after consideration of the threshold issue. On March 23, 2012, the court entered an Order and a Memorandum Opinion granting Mingo Logan s motion for summary judgment, denying the EPA s cross-motion for summary judgment, vacating the Final Determination and ordering that Mingo Logan s Section 404 permit remains valid and in full force. 
    
  On May 11, 2012, the EPA filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The court heard oral arguments on March 14, 2013. By opinion of the court filed on April 23, 2013, the court reversed the district court on the threshold issue and remanded the matter to the district court to address the merits of our APA challenge to the Final Determination. On June 6, 2013, Mingo Logan filed a Petition for Rehearing En Banc and by Order filed July 25, 2013, the court denied the petition. 
    
  On November 13, 2013, Mingo Logan filed a Petition for Writ of Certiorari with the Supreme Court of the United States seeking review of the D.C. Circuit s decision. On March 24, 2014, the Supreme Court denied Mingo Logan s Petition for Writ of Certiorari and remanded the matter to the federal district court for the District of Columbia for further consideration on the merits of the Final Determination. On September 30, 2014, the court entered an opinion and order denying Mingo Logan s motion for summary judgment and granting the government s motion for summary judgment. The court upheld the Final Determination finding that EPA s decision to withdraw the specifications for filling in Oldhouse Branch and Pigeonroost Branch under Mingo Logan s Section 404 permit was not arbitrary and capricious. On November 11, 2014, Mingo Logan filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.  The court heard oral arguments on April 11, 2016.  By opinion of the court filed on July 19, 2016, the court affirmed the district court judgment thus upholding the EPA s Final Determination. 
    
  UMWA 1974 Pension Plan et al. v Peabody Energy and Arch 
    
  On July 16, 2015, the UMWA 1974 Pension Trust ( 1974 Plan ) and its Trustees filed a Complaint for Declaratory Judgment against Peabody Energy Corporation, Peabody Holding Company, LLC and Arch, in the U.S. District Court in Washington D.C., seeking an order from the court requiring the defendants to submit to arbitration to determine their responsibility for pension withdrawal liability (triggered by Patriot Coal Corporation s ( Patriot ) bankruptcy filing) for 1974 Plan participants of Patriot who formerly worked for Peabody and Arch subsidiaries.  In the alternative, the complaint asks the court to declare that Peabody and Arch are liable for Patriot s withdrawal liability. With respect to Arch, plaintiffs allege that Arch engaged in actions to avoid and evade pension fund withdrawal liability when it sold subsidiaries that were signatory to UMWA agreements, to Magnum Coal Company ( Magnum ) in 2005, allegedly in violation of ERISA law.  Patriot subsequently purchased Magnum in 2008.  On October 29, 2015, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint to reflect that Patriot formally rejected its obligations to contribute to the 1974 Plan, triggering a withdrawal.  The amended complaint further alleged that Arch owes $299.8 million in withdrawal liability.  On October 29, 2015, the 1974 Plan issued a letter to Arch demanding payment of this withdrawal liability amount.  Arch notified the District Court and the parties to the litigation of its bankruptcy filing and the automatic stay and, on January 21, 2016, the plaintiffs agreed that the automatic stay in the Chapter 11 Case applies to Arch and its affiliates that have filed bankruptcy petitions.  Thereafter, on May 26, 2016, the 1974 Plan filed a proof of claim asserting a $299.0 million claim against Arch and its debtor subsidiaries.  On September 9, 2016, Arch and the 1974 Plan entered into a confidential agreement in principle to settle the withdrawal liability dispute, which agreement became effective on November 3, 2016. 
    
  Filing Under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code 
    
  On January 11, 2016 (the  Petition Date ), Arch and substantially all of its wholly owned domestic subsidiaries (the  Filing Subsidiaries  and, together with Arch, the  Debtors ) filed voluntary petitions for reorganization (collectively, the  Bankruptcy Petitions ) under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of the U.S. Code (the  Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Missouri (the  Court ). The Debtors  Chapter 11 Cases (collectively, the  Chapter 11 Cases ) were jointly administered under the caption   In re Arch Coal, Inc., et al.   Case No. 16-40120 (lead case).  During the Chapter 11 Cases, each Debtor continues to operate its business as a  debtor in possession  under the jurisdiction of the Court and in accordance  

Table of Contents  

with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the orders of the Court. See Note 1,  Basis of Presentation  to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these proceedings. 
    
  Pursuant to Section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Bankruptcy Petitions automatically stayed most actions against the Debtors, including actions to collect indebtedness incurred prior to the Petition Date or to exercise control over the Debtors  property. Subject to certain exceptions under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing of the Debtors  Chapter 11 Cases also automatically stayed the continuation of most legal proceedings or the filing of other actions against or on behalf of the Debtors or their property to recover on, collect or secure a claim arising prior to the Petition Date or to exercise control over property of the Debtors  bankruptcy estates, unless and until the Court modifies or lifts the automatic stay as to any such claim. Notwithstanding the general application of the automatic stay described above, governmental authorities may determine to continue actions brought under their police and regulatory powers. 
    
  The Debtors emerged from bankruptcy on October 5, 2016 and, as a result, the automatic stay described above no longer applies, and all actions are permanently enjoined and precluded from proceeding to the extent they seek monetary compensation or claim breach of an obligation that gives rise to a right to payment, except to the extent that the claimant seeks payment solely from the proceeds of insurance coverage, and with respect to certain actions by governmental entities, in each case, as set forth in the Plan.  For further information, see Note 19,  Subsequent Events  to this Form 10-Q. 
    
  Item 1A.  Risk Factors. 
    
  See Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part I of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for a complete review of important risk factors. 
    
  Risks Related to Emergence from Bankruptcy Protection 
    
  Information contained in our historical financial statements will not be comparable to the information contained in our financial statements after the application of fresh start accounting. 
    
  Following the consummation of the Plan, our financial condition and results of operations from and after the Effective Date will not be comparable to the financial condition or results of operations in our historical financial statements.  As a result of our restructuring under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, our financial statements will be subject to fresh start accounting provisions of generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ).  In the application of fresh start accounting, we will allocate our reorganization value to the fair value of assets and liabilities in conformity with the guidance for the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations.  Adjustments to the carrying amounts could be material and could affect prospective results of operations as balance sheet items are settled, depreciated, amortized or impaired.  This will make it difficult for stockholders to assess our performance in relation to prior periods.  Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 will reflect the consummation of the Plan and the adoption of fresh start accounting. 
    
  Our emergence from bankruptcy will reduce or eliminate our net operating losses and other tax attributes and limit our ability to offset future taxable income with tax losses and credits incurred prior to its emergence from bankruptcy. 
    
  The use of our net operating losses ( NOLs ) and alternative minimum tax ( AMT ) credits has been limited by the  ownership change  under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the  Code ) that occurred on the Effective Date of the Plan ( the Emergence Ownership Change ).  The limitation resulting from the Initial Ownership Change is substantial and applies to all NOLs and tax AMT credits existing at the time of the Initial Ownership Change. The limitation resulting from the Emergence Ownership Change has not yet been determined but will have a significant impact on our ability to offset future taxable income with carryforward net operating losses, AMT tax credits and an overall limitation of certain tax deductions.   NOLs and AMT credits generated after the Emergence Ownership Change are generally not subject to the limitations from the prior ownership changes. As a result of the discharge of debt in the Chapter 11 Cases, we and our subsidiaries will be required to reduce the amount of their NOLs and AMT credits and potentially other tax attributes existing at the end of our taxable year.  

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
    
  In September 2006, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for the purchase of up to 1,400,000 shares of our common stock.   As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   1,092,580   shares of our common stock available for purchase under this program. We were prohibited from purchasing shares under this program during the pendency of our Chapter 11 Cases.  Upon emergence from Chapter 11, all shares of Arch Coal s existing common stock were canceled and the share repurchase program was terminated.  

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures. 
    
  The statement concerning mine safety violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016  . 

Item 5.  Other Information. 
    
  The Company s 2017 annual meeting of stockholders will be held on May 4, 2017.  In accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, we will consider stockholder proposals submitted in connection with our 2017 Annual Meeting to have been submitted in a timely fashion if such proposals are received by us at our principal offices by December 9, 2016.  Proposals should be addressed to Robert G. Jones, Senior Vice President--Law, General Counsel and Secretary, Arch Coal, Inc., One CityPlace Drive, Suite 300, St. Louis, MO 63141 or [bjones@archcoal.com].  Under applicable SEC rules, we are not required to include stockholder proposals in our proxy materials unless certain other conditions specified in such rules are also met. 

Item 6.  Exhibits. 

Table of Contents  

Signatures 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Arch Coal, Inc. 

By: 
    /s/ John T. Drexler 

John T. Drexler 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the registrant and as Principal Financial Officer)   

November 9, 2016 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 aci-20160930xex102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.2 

AMENDMENT No. 6  , dated as of July 20, 2016 (this    Amendment   ), to the Superpriority Secured Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, refinanced or replaced from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Arch Coal, Inc., a debtor and debtor-in-possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as borrower (the    Borrower   ), the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, each a debtor and debtor-in-possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, the    Agent   ).  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meaning provided in the Credit Agreement.  
  WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested certain amendments to the Credit Agreement and the undersigned Lenders are willing to consent to such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein; 
  WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 13.01 of the Credit Agreement, the Agent, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, and the Borrower, on behalf of the Loan Parties, may grant written waivers or consents under and enter into written agreements amending or changing any provision of the Credit Agreement; and 
  WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to provide the amendments set forth below on the terms set forth herein;  
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 
  Section 1.  Amendment to Credit Agreement  .   
  (c)        The Credit Agreement is hereby amended effective as of the Amendment Effective Date as follows: 
  (A)        Section 2.01(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by (i) deleting the words  prior to the Availability End Date  therefrom and inserting in lieu thereof the words  prior to the earlier of (i) September 30, 2016 and (ii) the Termination Date  and (ii) deleting the words  and (2) the Availability End Date  therefrom and inserting in lieu thereof the words  , (2) September 30, 2016 and (3) the Termination Date . 
  (B)        Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the words  the Availability End Date  therefrom and inserting in lieu thereof the words  the earlier of (a) September 30, 2016 and (b) the Termination Date . 
  (C)        Section 2.04(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the words  the Availability End Date  therefrom and inserting in lieu thereof the words  the earlier of (a) September 30, 2016 and (b) the Termination Date . 
  (D)        Section 2.08(c) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the words  the Availability End Date  therefrom and inserting in lieu thereof the words  the earlier of (i) September 30, 2016 and (ii) the Termination Date . 
  (E)        A new Section 2.08(d) is hereby added to the Credit Agreement immediately following Section 2.08(c) as follows: 

(d)    The Borrower shall have the right at any time on or after the Availability End Date and prior to September 30, 2016 upon five (5) days  prior written notice to the Agent to permanently reduce (ratably among the Lenders in proportion to their respective Ratable Shares) the Commitments, in a minimum amount of $10,000,000 and whole multiples of $1,000,000, or to terminate completely the Commitments;   provided   that such reduction or termination shall be accompanied by the payment of any accrued Unused Commitment Fees. Any notice to reduce the Commitments under this Section 2.08(d) shall be irrevocable.  
  Section 2.        Representations and Warranties  .  The Borrower represents and warrants to the Agent and the Lenders as of the Amendment Effective Date that: 
  (a)        (i) The Borrower (A) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and (B) subject to the entry of the Orders and subject to the terms thereof, has full power to enter into, execute, deliver and carry out this Amendment, and all such actions have been duly authorized by all necessary proceedings on its part, and (ii) this Amendment has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Borrower and, subject to the entry of the Orders and subject to the terms thereof, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms. 
  (b)        Neither the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Borrower, nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated or compliance with the terms and provisions hereof by the Borrower will (x) conflict with, constitute a default under or result in any breach of (i) the terms and conditions of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or (ii) except as would not reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Change and except in respect of the Existing Debt Documents, any Law or any material agreement or instrument or order, writ, judgment, injunction or decree to which the Borrower is a party or by which the Borrower is bound or subject to, or (y) result in the creation or enforcement of any Lien, charge or encumbrance whatsoever upon any property (now or hereafter acquired) of the Borrower (other than Liens granted in respect of the Obligations and Liens created by the Existing Debt Documents). 
  (c)        Subject to the entry of the Orders and subject to the terms thereof, no consent, approval, exemption, order or authorization of, or a registration or filing with, any Official Body or any other Person is necessary to authorize or permit under any Law in connection with the execution, delivery and carrying out of this Amendment by the Borrower. 
  (d)        Immediately before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents to which it is a party shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 
  (e)        Immediately before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
  
   -2- 

Section 3.        Conditions to Effectiveness  .  This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the    Amendment Effective Date   ) on which the following conditions are satisfied or waived: 
  (a)        the Agent shall have received from (i) the Required Lenders (it being understood and agreed that no further consents from Lenders are required by the terms of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document) and (ii) the Borrower a duly executed counterpart of this Amendment signed on behalf of such party and, in the case of the Borrower, on behalf of the other Loan Parties (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Amendment); 
  (b)        on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Section 2 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects; and 
  (c)        the Agent shall have received from the Borrower an amendment fee payable for the account of each Lender equal to 0.50% of the aggregate principal amount of such Lender s Commitment as of the Amendment Effective Date. 
  Section 4.        Counterparts  .  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
  Section 5.        Governing Law  .  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT UNDER THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF ANY OTHER LAW AND (TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE) THE BANKRUPTCY CODE.  
  Section 6.        Headings  .  The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
  Section 7.        Effect of Amendment  . Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Agent under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect.  The Borrower, on behalf of each Loan Party, confirms and agrees that the Liens granted pursuant to the Interim Order, the Final Order and the Collateral Documents shall continue without any diminution thereof and shall remain in full force and effect on and after the date hereof.  For the avoidance of doubt, on and after the Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment shall for all purposes constitute a Loan Document. 
  Section 8.        Required Lenders  .  By its signature attached hereto, each of the Required Lenders hereby authorizes and directs the Agent to execute this Amendment. 
   [Signature pages follow] 

-3- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
  ARCH COAL, INC., on behalf of the Loan Parties        By:      /s/ Robert G. Jones              Name: Robert G. Jones          Title:   Senior Vice President 

[Signature Page   Amendment No. 6] 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 aci-20160930xex103.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.3 

AMENDMENT No. 7  , dated as of September 28, 2016 (this    Amendment   ), to the Superpriority Secured Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2016 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified, refinanced or replaced from time to time, the    Credit Agreement   ), among Arch Coal, Inc., a debtor and debtor-in-possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, as borrower (the    Borrower   ), the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, each a debtor and debtor-in-possession under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, the    Agent   ).  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meaning provided in the Credit Agreement.  
  WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested certain amendments to the Credit Agreement and the undersigned Lenders are willing to consent to such amendments on the terms and conditions set forth herein; 
  WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 13.01 of the Credit Agreement, the Agent, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, and the Borrower, on behalf of the Loan Parties, may grant written waivers or consents under and enter into written agreements amending or changing any provision of the Credit Agreement; and 
  WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to provide the amendments set forth below on the terms set forth herein;  
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 
  Section 1.  Amendment to Credit Agreement  .   
  (c)        The Credit Agreement is hereby amended effective as of the Amendment Effective Date as follows: 
  (A)        Section 2.01(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the words  September 30  in each instance in which such words appear in such Section and inserting in lieu thereof the words  October 7 . 
  (B)        Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the words  September 30  therefrom and inserting in lieu thereof the words  October 7 . 
  (C)        Section 2.04(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the words  September 30  therefrom and inserting in lieu thereof the words  October 7 . 
  (D)        Section 2.08(c) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the words  September 30  therefrom and inserting in lieu thereof the words  October 7 . 
  (E)        Section 2.08(d) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the words  September 30  therefrom and inserting in lieu thereof the words  October 7 . 
  (F)        Section 8.01(p)(vii) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the words  fifteen (15) days after the satisfaction of the milestone provided for in clause (vi) above  therefrom and inserting in lieu thereof the words  October 7, 2016 . 
  
   -1- 

Section 2.        Representations and Warranties  .  The Borrower represents and warrants to the Agent and the Lenders as of the Amendment Effective Date that: 
  (a)        (i) The Borrower (A) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and (B) subject to the entry of the Orders and subject to the terms thereof, has full power to enter into, execute, deliver and carry out this Amendment, and all such actions have been duly authorized by all necessary proceedings on its part, and (ii) this Amendment has been duly and validly executed and delivered by the Borrower and, subject to the entry of the Orders and subject to the terms thereof, constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms. 
  (b)        Neither the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Borrower, nor the consummation of the transactions herein contemplated or compliance with the terms and provisions hereof by the Borrower will (x) conflict with, constitute a default under or result in any breach of (i) the terms and conditions of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents of the Borrower or (ii) except as would not reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Change and except in respect of the Existing Debt Documents, any Law or any material agreement or instrument or order, writ, judgment, injunction or decree to which the Borrower is a party or by which the Borrower is bound or subject to, or (y) result in the creation or enforcement of any Lien, charge or encumbrance whatsoever upon any property (now or hereafter acquired) of the Borrower (other than Liens granted in respect of the Obligations and Liens created by the Existing Debt Documents). 
  (c)        Subject to the entry of the Orders and subject to the terms thereof, no consent, approval, exemption, order or authorization of, or a registration or filing with, any Official Body or any other Person is necessary to authorize or permit under any Law in connection with the execution, delivery and carrying out of this Amendment by the Borrower. 
  (d)        Immediately before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents to which it is a party shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 
  (e)        Immediately before and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
  Section 3.        Conditions to Effectiveness  .  This Amendment shall become effective on the date (the    Amendment Effective Date   ) on which the following conditions are satisfied or waived: 
  (a)        the Agent shall have received from (i) the Required Lenders (it being understood and agreed that no further consents from Lenders are required by the terms of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document) and (ii) the Borrower a duly executed counterpart of this Amendment signed on behalf of such party and, in the case of the Borrower, on behalf of the other Loan Parties (which may include facsimile or other electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Amendment); and 
  (b)        on and as of the Amendment Effective Date, both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the effectiveness of this Amendment, the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Section 2 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects. 
  
   -2- 

Section 4.        Counterparts  .  This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto on separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single instrument.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
  Section 5.        Governing Law  .  THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A CONTRACT UNDER THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REGARD TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF ANY OTHER LAW AND (TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE) THE BANKRUPTCY CODE.  
  Section 6.        Headings  .  The headings of this Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
  Section 7.        Effect of Amendment  . Except as expressly set forth herein, this Amendment shall not by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders or the Agent under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, and shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, all of which are ratified and affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect.  The Borrower, on behalf of each Loan Party, confirms and agrees that the Liens granted pursuant to the Interim Order, the Final Order and the Collateral Documents shall continue without any diminution thereof and shall remain in full force and effect on and after the date hereof.  For the avoidance of doubt, on and after the Amendment Effective Date, this Amendment shall for all purposes constitute a Loan Document. 
  Section 8.        Required Lenders  .  By its signature attached hereto, each of the Required Lenders hereby authorizes and directs the Agent to execute this Amendment. 
   [Signature pages follow] 

-3- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
  ARCH COAL, INC., on behalf of the Loan Parties        By:      /s/ Robert G. Jones              Name: Robert G. Jones          Title:   Senior Vice President 

[Signature Page   Amendment No. 7] 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-12.1>
 4
 aci-20160930xex121.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 12.1 

Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Combined Fixed Charges and Preference Dividends 

Total loss consists of loss from continuing operations before income taxes and are adjusted to include only distributed income from affiliates accounted for on the equity method and fixed charges (excluding capitalized interest).  Fixed charges consist of interest incurred on indebtedness, the portion of operating lease rentals deemed representative of the interest factor and the amortization of debt expense. 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 aci-20160930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification 
    
  I,   John W. Eaves  , certify that: 
    
  1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Arch Coal, Inc.; 
    
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
           (e) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (f) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ John W. Eaves 
        
    John W. Eaves 
        
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    Date: November 9, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 aci-20160930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification 
    
  I,   John T. Drexler  , certify that: 
    
  1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Arch Coal, Inc.; 
    
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ John T. Drexler 
        
    John T. Drexler 
        
    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
        
    Date: November 9, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 aci-20160930xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

Certification of Periodic Financial Reports 
    
  I,   John W. Eaves  ,   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   of Arch Coal, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Periodic Report ) which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 
    
  (2)  information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Arch Coal, Inc. 

/s/ John W. Eaves 
        
    John W. Eaves 
        
    Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
        
    Date: November 9, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 aci-20160930xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

Certification of Periodic Financial Reports 
    
  I,   John T. Drexler  ,   Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   of Arch Coal, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Periodic Report ) which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 
    
           (2) 
    information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Arch Coal, Inc. 

/s/ John T. Drexler 
        
    John T. Drexler 
        
    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
        
    Date: November 9, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95>
 9
 aci-20160930xex95.htm
 EXHIBIT 95

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 95 
    
  Mine Safety and Health Administration Safety Data 
    
  We believe that Arch Coal, Inc. ( Arch Coal ) is one of the safest coal mining companies in the world.  Safety is a core value at Arch Coal and at our subsidiary operations.  We have in place a comprehensive safety program that includes extensive health   safety training for all employees, site inspections, emergency response preparedness, crisis communications training, incident investigation, regulatory compliance training and process auditing, as well as an open dialogue between all levels of employees.  The goals of our processes are to eliminate exposure to hazards in the workplace, ensure that we comply with all mine safety regulations, and support regulatory and industry efforts to improve the health and safety of our employees along with the industry as a whole. 
    
  The operation of our mines is subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (Mine Act).  MSHA inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues various citations, orders and violations when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act.  We present information below regarding certain mining safety and health violations, orders and citations, issued by MSHA and related assessments and legal actions and mine-related fatalities with respect to our coal mining operations.  In evaluating the above information regarding mine safety and health, investors should take into account factors such as: (i) the number of citations and orders will vary depending on the size of a coal mine, (ii) the number of citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and mine to mine, and (iii) citations and orders can be contested and appealed, and in that process are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed or vacated. 
    
  The table below sets forth for the three months ended September 30, 2016 for each active MSHA identification number of Arch Coal and its subsidiaries, the total number of: (i) violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard under section 104 of the Mine Act for which the operator received a citation from MSHA; (ii) orders issued under section 104(b) of the Mine Act; (iii) citations and orders for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under section 104(d) of the Mine Act; (iv) flagrant violations under section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act; (v) imminent danger orders issued under section 107(a) of the Mine Act; (vi) proposed assessments from MHSA (regardless of whether Arch Coal has challenged or appealed the assessment); (vii) mining-related fatalities; (viii) notices from MSHA of a pattern of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards under section 104(e) of the Mine Act; (ix) notices from MSHA regarding the potential to have a pattern of violations as referenced in (viii) above; and (x) pending legal actions before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission (as of September 30, 2016) involving such coal or other mine, as well as the aggregate number of legal actions instituted and the aggregate number of legal actions resolved during the reporting period. 

1 

2 

(1) 
    See table below for additional details regarding Legal Actions Pending as of September 30, 2016. 

3 

4 

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 aci-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 aci-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 aci-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 aci-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 aci-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 aci-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

