<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1524829_0001552781-16-002093_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>622064</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>31542</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>60295</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>118399</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>196130</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>201236</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>3</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001552781-16-002093.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114064303
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001552781-16-002093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		30
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Seed Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001524829
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERIODICALS:  PUBLISHING OR PUBLISHING AND PRINTING [2721]
		IRS NUMBER:				273028235
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55199
		FILM NUMBER:		161990325

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2386 S. DIARY ASHFORD SUITE 502
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		832-662-4164

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2386 S. DIARY ASHFORD SUITE 502
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77077

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001552781-16-002093.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 gs_10q.htm

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

Form 10-Q 

[X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended  September
30, 2016  

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

Commission File No. 333-177157  

Global Seed Corporation  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Texas   
     27-3028235  
 
     (State or other jurisdiction  
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   
 
     of incorporation or organization)  

2386 S. Diary Ashford Ste 502  

  Houston, Texas 77077  

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

832-662-4146  

 (Issuer's telephone number) 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
[X ] No[ ]. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filed, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer [ ]                 Accelerated
filer [ ] 

 Non-accelerated filer [ ]                 
Small Reporting company [X] 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted  and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files).  [ X] Yes   [  ] No 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's
classes of common stock, as of the most practicable date: 5,000,000 as of November 2, 2016 

Global Seed Corporation  

 Form 10-Q Report Index  

Page No:   
 
     PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited) September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 
     3  
 
     Condensed Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the Three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
     4  
 
      Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
     5  
 
     Notes to Condensed financial Statements ( unaudited) 
     6-10  
 
     Item 2. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
     11  
 
     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
     12  
 
     Item 4. Control and Procedures 
     12  
 
     PART 11. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
     13  
 
     Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     13  
 
     Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
     13  
 
     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
     13  
 
     Item 5. Other Information 
     13  
 
     Item 6. Exhibit 
     13  
 
     Item 7. Signature 
     13  

GLOBAL SEED CORPORATION 

 Condensed Balance Sheets 

See notes to interim condensed financial
statements  

3 

GLOBAL SEED CORPORATION 

 Condensed Statements of Operations 

 (unaudited) 

See notes to interim condensed financial
statements  

4 

Global Seed Corporation 

 Condensed Statements of Cash flows 

 (unaudited) 

See notes to interim condensed financial
statements  

5 

GLOBAL SEED CORPORATION 

  Notes to Interim Condensed Financial Statement  

  September 30, 2016 ( unaudited)  

NOTE 1   BUSINESS AND CONTINUED OPERATIONS  

ORGANIZATION  

Global Seed Corporation (the  Company ).
was incorporated on July 13, 2010 in the State of Texas. The initial operations have included organization and incorporation,
target market identification, new business development, marketing plans, fund raising, and capital formation.  A substantial
portion of the Company s activities has involved developing a business plan and establishing contacts and visibility in the
Asian communities in Houston, Texas.   

The fiscal year end of the Company is
June 30. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The accompanying interim financial statements
and related notes as of and for the three months ended September 30, 2016 have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for the financial information, and with the rules
and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  The interim financial statements
furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) which are, in the opinion of management, necessary
to a fair statement of the results for the fiscal year presented. 

The Company assumes that the users of
the interim financial information herein have read, or have access to, the audited financial statements for the preceding period,
and that the adequacy of additional disclosure needed for a fair presentation may be determined in that context. 

USE OF ESTIMATES  

The preparation of the Company s financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  

CASH EQUIVALENTS  

The company considers all highly liquid
investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

REVENUE RECOGNITION  

The Company recognizes revenue
from the sale of advertising services in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 ( SAB
104 ),   Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements .  Revenue will consist of selling of adverting services
and will be recognized only when the price is fixed or determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service
is performed, and collectivity is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant criteria for revenue recognition
are satisfied will be recorded as unearned revenue. The Company's financial statements are prepared under the accrual method of
accounting. Revenues will be recognized in the period the publication is provided and costs are recorded in the period incurred
rather than paid. 

 6 

FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The Company adopted the provisions of
ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , which defines fair value as used in numerous accounting pronouncements,
establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure of fair value measurements. 

The estimated fair value of certain
financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, deposits, prepaid expenses, notes payable, and accrued expenses are
carried at historical cost basis, which approximates their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange
price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes
a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

* 
     Level 1 - quoted prices in active markets for Identical assets or liabilities  
 
     * 
     Level 2 - quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable  
 
     * 
     Level 3 - inputs that are unobservable (for example cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions)  

7 

INCOME TAXES  

The
Company utilizes FASB ASC 740,  Income Taxes,  which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities
for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this
method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities
and their financial reporting amounts based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the
differences are expected to affect taxable income. A valuation allowance is recorded when in the opinion of management, it is  more
likely-than-not  that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

 The
Company generated a deferred tax credit through net operating loss carryforward. However, a valuation allowance of 100% has been
established. Interest and penalties on tax deficiencies recognized in accordance with ASC accounting standards are classified as
income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740-10-50-19. 

 8 

BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER SHARE  

Net loss per share is calculated in
accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share, for the period presented. Basic net loss per share is based upon the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net loss per share is based on the assumption that all dilative convertible shares
and stock options were converted or exercised. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method. Under this method, options
and warrants are assumed exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained
thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had no potentially dilutive securities. 

INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

When an intangible is purchased from
another entity, its value equals the cash or fair market value of the consideration given. The present value of payments on the
liability incurred or the fair value of the stock issued may also be used to value externally acquired intangible. 

NOTE 3-GOING CONCERN  

The Company s financial statements
are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which
contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company had an accumulated
loss of $56,931 since inception through the period ended September 30, 2016. Management s plans to continue as a going concern
include raising additional capital through sales of common stock. However, management cannot provide any assurances that the Company
will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually secure other sources of financing
and attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary
if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

NOTE 4 -RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  

In May 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  which is the new comprehensive revenue recognition
standard that will supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The standard s core principle is that
a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for annual and interim
periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is not permitted. Entities will have the option of using either
a full retrospective approach or a modified approach to adopt the guidance in the ASU. The Company currently has no revenues and
does not expect any impact of adopting this guidance. 

On June 10, 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued update ASU 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915). Amongst other things, the
amendments in this update removed the definition of development stage entity from Topic 915, thereby removing the distinction between
development stage entities and other reporting entities from US GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for
development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information on the statements of income, cash flows and shareholder s
equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity; (3) disclose a description of the development
stage activities in which the entity is engaged and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development
stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 31, 2014 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, however entities are permitted
to early adopt for any annual or interim reporting period for which the financial statements have yet to be issued. The Company
has elected to early adopt these amendments and accordingly have not labeled the financial statements as those of a development
stage entity and have not presented inception-to-date information on the respective financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-12,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of
an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.  This ASU provides more
explicit guidance for treating share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target that affects vesting and that
could be achieved after the requisite service period as a performance condition. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material
impact on the financial statements. 

August 2014, the FASB
issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Topic 205-40) , which requires management
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern for each annual and interim
reporting period. If substantial doubt exists, additional disclosure is required. This new standard will be effective for the Company
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company expects to adopt this
new standard for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2016 and the Company will continue to assess the impact on its financial statements. 

9 

NOTE
5   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

  The Company does not have any commitments or
contingencies. 

  NOTE 6   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

There was $11,100 loan payable related party transaction
for the period ended September 30, 2016. This amount is due and payable on demand to the Chief Executive Officer. 

NOTE 7   CAPITAL STOCK  

No stock was issued in the three months ended September 30,
2016. 

NOTE 8   LITIGATION  

There were no legal proceedings against
the Company with respect to matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Neither the Company nor any of its officers or
directors is involved in any other litigation either as plaintiffs or defendants, and have no knowledge of any threatened or pending
litigation against them or any of the officers or directors. 

10 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION  

This section of the prospectus includes
a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance.
Forward-looking statements are often identified by words like: believe, expect, estimate, anticipate, intend, project and similar
expressions, or words which, by their nature, refer to future events. You should not place an undue certainty on these forward-looking
statements, which apply only as of the date of this prospectus; these forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or our predictions. 

PLAN OF OPERATIONS  

Our plan of operations for the next
twelve months is to proceed with the implementation of our business plan. We have started our operations include but not limited
to fund raising activities and other business operations. As of September 30, 2015, the company has contemplated acquiring intellectual
property rights from third parties. The intellectual property rights have been registered with ISBN. The payment will be made either
note payables or the fair value of the stock going to be issued. 

CREATE OUR CORPORATE WEBSITE  

It is part of our business strategy
to have our corporate website. A website can convey our corporate images and services to potential advertisers throughout the United
States. Web designers charge between $500 to $10,000 for website design projects. We believe our estimated cost for $2,500 will
be sufficient to cover our website design. Once the website is completed, it requires to continue updates with new contents and
services. One of our business strategy is to have our on-line journal that is accessible throughout the United States. The internet
has a wider readership than the local printed media. As soon as we have achieved a monthly circulation of 10,000 copies in Houston,
Texas, we will be adding electronic version of our journal in the internet. The estimated cost of adding an electronic version
of our journal on our website is $5,000. We believe we could achieved a monthly circulation of 10,000 copies within 36 months of
our operations. Our initial monthly circulation will be 2,000 copies in Houston, Texas. For the Second year of operation, we believe
our monthly circulation will be 3,000 copies. For the third year of operation, we believe our monthly circulation will be 10,000
copies. Once we have implemented our journal in the Internet format, we believe that we will be able to attract more advertisers
and readers. There is no guarantee that we will be able to achieve the monthly circulation as of the estimated dates and there
is no guarantee that we will ever be able to achieve a monthly circulation of 10,000 copies within three years. 

PRINTING AND PUBLISHING  

We have obtained printing estimations
with printing contractors and publishers who agreed to provide printing services to our journal. These contractors have the required
printing machines to produce our journal. One of our major expenditures for our business will be the printing and publishing costs. 

Printing contractors also have the capabilities
to offer related design services for our journal. We estimated our additional design services offer by our independent printing
contractor will be $800. These journalists and writers could contribute writings in many subject areas. The arrangements with journalists
and writers were based on word counts. We believe journalists and writers typically charged $0.01 per word count and there is no
guarantee that we will be able to purchase articles for $0.01 per word count. We have set aside $1,000 budget for writers monthly.
Some of our targeted advertisers are professionals in the field of medicine, law, accounting, real estate, travel and other service
industries. There is no guarantee that advertisers are willing to contribute writings in their fields of the profession. We do
not pay any fees to advertisers who contribute their own writings, however, readers will get to know these advertisers who are
regular contributors to our journal. 

It is customary for free newspapers,
journals and magazines to set up their own metal newspaper racks within supermarkets and other designated areas such as banks and
local restaurants. We have already made arrangements with a few supermarkets to display our journal. Displaying our journal within
supermarkets are beneficial to the supermarkets. We believe any readers are motivated to pick up free newspapers, magazines or
journals at supermarkets. We believe the readers' presence increase foot traffics to the supermarkets for shopping. 

HIRING COMMISSION SALES REPRESENTATIVES  

It is less costly to hire commission
sales persons than salaried employees because the Company is not required to contribute payroll taxes and other employees' benefit.
We believe that it is not difficult to recruit qualified sale representatives in Houston. However, good and reliable workforces
still require careful and selective processes. Once the right candidates are selected, we will provide a brief training session
for our sales representatives. We have set aside a 15% as sales commission for our sales representatives, and we have an annual
budget of $14,025 to pay commission to our sales representatives. We believe that the estimated budget of $13,100 for two part-time
sales representative is sufficient for our initial operations. 

MARKETING AND PROMOTION  

Our marketing and promotion activities
include business networking among business and community leaders in Houston. One of our goals is to maintain good relationship
with journalists in the Chinese community. We will invite journalists for luncheons and encourage them to offer any suggestions
to improve our productivity and sales. Our budget for marketing and promotion activities is estimated at $1,500 annually. We believe
that this estimated budget is sufficient to carry out our marketing and promotion activities in the Chinese community. 

EXPANDING OUR BUSINESS ACTIVITIES  

In addition to outsource our printing
and publishing tasks to local printing contractors, we believe that the Company requires some of the essential office equipments
to carry out our daily operations. These office equipments include but not limited to desktop and laptop computers, copy machine,
scanning machine, accounting software, office furniture and telephone equipments and additional design services. We have a budget
our annual expenditures of these essential office equipments at $7,200. We budgeted $4,500 for professional services related to
auditing and accounting services and $300 for legal fees related to register of trademarks with the U.S. Patent office. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The Company had a net operating loss of $2,292 in the three
months ended September 30, 2016. Management s plans to continue as a going concern include raising additional capital through
sales of common stock. 

11 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

For the three months ended September
30, 2016, we have a net operating loss of $2,292 from our business operation. 

As of September 30, 2016, our
total assets were $4,169 in cash and our total liabilities $11,100. Our Chief Executive Officer Officer , Su Zhi Da, verbally agreed
to advance funds to us for general and administrative expenses for the next twelve months or until such a time the company begins
to generate revenues. We do not have any third-party banking or financing agreements in place to provide us with a source of liquidity. 

  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  

The Company has no material transactions,
arrangements, obligations or other relationships with entities or other persons that have or are reasonably likely to have a material
current or future impact on its financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures, capital resources, or significant components of revenues or expenses. 

Item 3. QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  

We are a small reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information. 

Item 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based on that evaluation, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure
controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

12 

PART 11-OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

We are not a party to any pending legal proceeding. We are
not aware of any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers, directors of our voting securities are adverse to us or
have a material interest adverse to us. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS  

We are a small reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information. 

Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS  

There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not Applicable 

OTHER INFORMATION  

No 

Item 6. OTHER EXHIBITS  

Exhibit 31.1   Certificate of Principal Executive
Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

  Exhibit 32.1  Certification of Principal Accounting
Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

  Exhibit 101  XBRL data files of Financial Statements
and notes contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10Q. 

* In accordance with Regulation S-T, the Interactive Data
Files in Exhibit 101 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q shall be deemed  furnished  and not  filed.  

Item 7. SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Global Seed Corporation  

  /s/ Su Zhi Da  

 By: Su Zhi Da 

 Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer 

November 2 ,2016 

 13 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 .1

SARBANES-OXLEY SECTION 302(a) CERTIFICATION   

I,  Su Zhi Da , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended  September 30, 2016  of  Global Seed Corporation  

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15-d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

November 2, 2016 
     
          Global Seed Corporation  
          /s/ Su Zhi Da    

Su Zhi Da  

Principal Executive Officer/ Principal Financial Officer  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex32-1.htm
 .1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of  Global Seed Corporation  (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the
period ended  September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 report ), 

 I,  Su
Zhi Da , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2) 
     The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Global Seed Corporation  

Date: November 2, 2016 
       
     /s/ Su Zhi Da  

Su Zhi Da  

Chief Financial Officer/Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 glsc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 glsc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 glsc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 glsc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 glsc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 glsc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

