<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1209709_0001193125-16-765680_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4143930</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135403</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>224313</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>935121</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1668821</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>919722</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-765680.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110143255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-765680
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TACTICAL DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001209709
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				134224248
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50718
		FILM NUMBER:		161987421

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CITIGROUP MANAGED FUTURES FUND LLC
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-296-1999

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O CITIGROUP MANAGED FUTURES FUND LLC
		STREET 2:		522 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CITIGROUP DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021211

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-765680.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 d263392d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   
  FORM 10-Q      (X) QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)      OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
  For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR (  ) TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)   
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the transition period from                       
to                           Commission File Number
 000-50718       

TACTICAL DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND L.P.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

New York  

13-4224248  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC  
  522 Fifth Avenue     New
York, New York 10036       

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.     Yes  X      No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
  Yes  X      No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
  Large accelerated filer   _    Accelerated filer _       Non-accelerated filer  X 
      Smaller reporting company  _    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes   _    No  X    
 As of October 31, 2016, 164,969.2938 Limited Partnership Redeemable Units were outstanding.  

Table of Contents  

   TACTICAL DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND L.P.   
  FORM 10-Q   
    INDEX       
 
      2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Financial Statements   
    Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Statements of Financial Condition   
  (Unaudited)       
    (1)  Defined in Note 1.  
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Tactical Diversified Futures Fund, L.P.   
  Condensed Schedule of Investments   
  September 30, 2016   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
   Due to rounding.     
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Schedule of Investments   
  December 31, 2015       
   See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
    Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital   
  (Unaudited)       

* 
    Represents the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit during the period.     
 See accompanying notes to financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
    Organization:      
 Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) is a limited partnership organized under the partnership
laws of the State of New York on December 3, 2002 to engage, directly or indirectly, in the speculative trading of a diversified portfolio of commodity interests including futures, option, swap and forward contracts. The sectors traded include
currencies, energy, grains, indices, U.S. and non-U.S. interest rates, livestock, lumber, metals and softs. The commodity interests that are traded by the Partnership indirectly through its investments in the Funds (as defined below) are volatile
and involve a high degree of market risk. The General Partner may also determine to invest up to all of the Partnership s and/or the Funds  assets in United States ( U.S. ) Treasury bills and/or money market mutual funds,
including money market mutual funds, managed by Morgan Stanley or its affiliates.    Ceres Managed Futures LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, acts as the general partner (the  General Partner ) or with respect to Boronia Trading Company (defined below), the  Trading Manager  and commodity pool operator of the Partnership. The General Partner
is wholly owned by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Holdings LLC ( MSSB Holdings ). MSSB Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley is a publicly held company whose shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan
Stanley is engaged in various financial services and other businesses. Prior to June 28, 2013, Morgan Stanley indirectly owned a majority equity interest in MSSB Holdings, and Citigroup Inc. indirectly owned a minority equity interest in MSSB
Holdings. Prior to July 31, 2009, the date as of which MSSB Holdings became its owner, the General Partner was wholly owned by Citigroup Financial Products Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., the sole
owner of which is Citigroup Inc.    All trading decisions are made for the Partnership by Graham Capital Management, L.P.,
( Graham ), Willowbridge Associates Inc. ( Willowbridge ), Aspect Capital Limited ( Aspect ), Boronia Capital Pty. Ltd. ( Boronia ), The Cambridge Strategy (Asset Management) Limited ( Cambridge ),
and International Standard Asset Management ( ISAM ) (each an  Advisor  and collectively, the  Advisors ), each of which is a registered commodity trading advisor. Effective September 30, 2016, JE Moody  
Company LLC ( JE Moody ) ceased to act as a commodity trading adviser to the Partnership. Effective June 30, 2016, Altis Partners (Jersey) Limited ( Altis ) ceased to act as a commodity trading adviser to the Partnership.
Reference herein to  Advisors  may include, as relevant, Altis and JE Moody. Each Advisor is allocated a portion of the Partnership s assets to manage. The Partnership invests the portion of its assets allocated to each of the
Advisors either directly, through individually managed accounts, or indirectly, through investments in the Funds.    Between
March 27, 2003 (commencement of the public offering period) and April 30, 2003, 36,616 redeemable units of limited partnership interest in the Partnership ( Redeemable Units ) were sold at $1,000 per Redeemable Unit. The proceeds
of the initial public offering were held in an escrow account until April 30, 2003, at which time they were turned over to the Partnership for trading. The Partnership was authorized to publicly offer 300,000 Redeemable Units during the initial
public offering period. As of December 4, 2003, the Partnership was authorized to publicly offer an additional 700,000 Redeemable Units. As of October 7, 2004, the Partnership was authorized to publicly offer an additional 1,000,000
Redeemable Units. As of June 30, 2005, the Partnership was authorized to publicly offer Redeemable Units previously registered. The public offering of Redeemable Units terminated on November 30, 2008. The Partnership currently privately
and continuously offers up to 200,000 Redeemable Units to qualified investors. There is no maximum number of Redeemable Units that may be sold by the Partnership.  
 During the reporting periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership s/Funds  commodity broker was
Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ), a registered futures commission merchant. The Partnership/Funds also deposit a portion of their cash in a non-trading account at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
 ISAM directly trades the Partnership s assets allocated to it through a managed account in the name of the Partnership
pursuant to ISAM s Systematic Trend Programme.  
      7  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  CMF Graham Capital Master Fund L.P. ( Graham Master ), CMF Aspect
Master Fund L.P. ( Aspect Master ), CMF Willowbridge Master Fund L.P. ( Willowbridge Master ), CMF Altis Partners Master Fund L.P. ( Altis Master ), Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Boronia I, LLC ( Boronia I, LLC 
or  Boronia Trading Company ), Cambridge Master Fund L.P. ( Cambridge Master ) and JEM Master Fund L.P. ( JEM Master ) entered into a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. Graham Master, Aspect Master,
Willowbridge Master, Altis Master, Boronia I, LLC, Cambridge Master and JEM Master are collectively referred to as the  Funds . Graham Master, Aspect Master, Willowbridge Master, Boronia I, LLC and Cambridge Master have also entered into a
foreign exchange prime brokerage agreement with MS Co. The Partnership has also entered into a futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. The Partnership, through its investment in the Funds, pays MS Co. (or will reimburse
MS Co. if previously paid) its allocable share of all trading fees for the clearing and, where applicable, execution of transactions as well as exchange, clearing, user, give-up, floor brokerage and National Futures Association fees
(collectively, the  clearing fees ).    The Partnership has also entered into a selling agreement (as amended, the
 Selling Agreement ) with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (doing business as Morgan Stanley Wealth Management) ( Morgan Stanley Wealth Management ). Pursuant to the Selling Agreement, Morgan Stanley Wealth Management receives a
monthly ongoing selling agent fee equal to 2.0% per year of the Partnership s adjusted month-end net assets. The ongoing selling agent fee received by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management is shared with the properly registered/exempted
financial advisors of Morgan Stanley Wealth Management who sell Redeemable Units in the Partnership.    In July 2015, the
General Partner delegated certain administrative functions to SS C Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation, currently doing business as SS C GlobeOp (the  Administrator ). Pursuant to a master services agreement, the
Administrator furnishes certain administrative, accounting, regulatory reporting, tax and other services as agreed from time to time. In addition, the Administrator maintains certain books and records of the Partnership. The cost of retaining the
Administrator is allocated among the pools operated by the General Partner, including the Partnership.      

2.  
    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:      
 The accompanying financial statements and accompanying notes are unaudited but, in the opinion of the General Partner, include
all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Partnership s financial condition at September 30, 2016, and the results of its operations and changes in partners  capital for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements present the results for interim periods and do not include all disclosures normally provided in annual financial statements. These financial statements
should be read together with the financial statements and notes included in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) for the year ended December 31, 2015. The
December 31, 2015 information has been derived from the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
 Due to the nature of commodity trading, the results of operations for the interim periods presented should not be considered
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire year.     Use of Estimates . The preparation of financial
statements and accompanying notes in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, income and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements and accompanying notes. As a result, actual results could differ from these estimates.  
  Profit Allocation.  The General Partner and each limited partner of the Partnership share in the profits and losses of
the Partnership in proportion to the amount of Partnership interest owned by each, except that no limited partner shall be liable for obligations of the Partnership in excess of its capital contribution and profits, if any, net of distributions or
redemptions and losses, if any.     Statement of Cash Flows.  The Partnership is not required to provide a Statement of
Cash Flows.     Partnership s Investments in the Funds.  The Partnership carries its investments in the Funds at
fair value based on the respective Fund s net asset value per unit as calculated by the Funds or the Partnership s (1) net contribution to the Funds and (2) its allocated share of the undistributed profits and losses, including
realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses), of the Funds.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   Partnership s/Funds  Derivative Investments.  All commodity
interests of the Partnership/Funds, including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments, are held for trading purposes. The commodity interests are recorded on the trade date and open contracts are recorded at fair value
(as described in Note 5,  Fair Value Measurements ) at the measurement date. Investments in commodity interests denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates prevailing at the measurement date.
Gains or losses are realized when contracts are liquidated and are determined using the first-in, first-out method. Unrealized gains or losses on open contracts are included as a component of equity in trading account in the
Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains or losses and net change in unrealized gains or losses from the preceding period are reported in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and
Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.     Partnership s Cash.  The Partnership s cash includes cash
denominated in foreign currencies of $(287,524) (proceeds of $286,804) and $0 (cost of $0) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  
  Income Taxes.  Income taxes have not been listed as each partner is individually liable for the taxes, if any, on its
share of the Partnership s income and expenses. The General Partner concluded that no provision for income tax is required in the Partnership s financial statements. The Partnership files U.S. federal and various state and local tax
returns. No income tax returns are currently under examination. The 2012 through 2015 tax years remain subject to examination by U.S. federal and most state tax authorities. The General Partner does not believe that there are any uncertain tax
positions that require recognition of a tax liability.     Investment Company Status.  Effective January 1, 2014,
the Partnership adopted Accounting Standard Update ( ASU ) 2013-08 ,  Financial Services   Investment Companies (Topic 946): Amendments to the Scope, Measurement and Disclosure Requirements   and based on the General
Partner s assessment, the Partnership has been deemed to be an investment company since inception. Accordingly, the Partnership follows the investment company accounting and reporting guidance of Topic 946 and reflects its investments at fair
value with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
  Net Income (Loss) per Redeemable Unit.  Net income (loss) per Redeemable Unit is calculated in accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 946   Financial Services-Investment Companies .  See Note 3,  Financial Highlights.   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments . The carrying value of the Partnership s assets and liabilities presented in
the Statements of Financial Condition that qualify as financial instruments under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) ASC 825,   Financial Instruments,   approximates the fair value due to the short term nature
of such balances.     Recent Accounting Pronouncement.  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,
  Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  The amendments in this update address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments for all entities
that hold financial assets or owe financial liabilities. One of the amendments in this update eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is
required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet or a description of changes in the methods and significant assumptions. Additionally, the update eliminates the requirement to disclose the fair value
of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for entities that are not public business entities. Investment companies are specifically exempted from ASU 2016-01 s equity investment accounting provisions and will continue to follow the
industry specific guidance for investment accounting under Topic 946. For public business entities, this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods therein. For other entities, it is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The General Partner is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the Partnership s
financial statements and related disclosures.    There have been no material changes with respect to the Partnership s
critical accounting policies as reported in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

3.  
    Financial Highlights:      
 Financial highlights for the limited partner class as a whole for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 were as follows:      

* 
   Net investment loss per Redeemable Unit is calculated by dividing the expenses net of interest income by the
average number of Redeemable Units outstanding during the period. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) per Redeemable Unit is a balancing amount necessary to reconcile the change in net asset value per Redeemable Unit with the other per
unit information.     

** 
   Annualized (except for incentive fees).     

*** 
   Interest income less total expenses.     

**** 
   Due to rounding.     
 The above ratios and total return may vary for individual investors based on the timing of capital transactions during the
period. Additionally, these ratios are calculated for the limited partner class using the limited partners  share of income, expenses and average partners  capital of the Partnership and include the income and expenses allocated from the
Funds.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

4.  
    Trading Activities:      
 The Partnership was formed for the purpose of trading contracts in a variety of commodity interests, including derivative
financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. The results of the Partnership s trading activities are shown in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital. The Partnership also invests its assets
through a  master/feeder  structure. The Partnership s pro-rata share of the results of the Funds  trading activities is shown in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
 The futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. gives the Partnership and the Funds the legal right to net unrealized
gains and losses on open futures contracts and open forward contracts. The Partnership and the Funds net, for financial reporting purposes, the unrealized gains and losses on open futures and open forward contracts on the Statements of Financial
Condition as the criteria under ASC 210-20,   Balance Sheet ,  have been met.    All of the commodity
interests owned by the Partnership are held for trading purposes. All of the commodity interests owned by the Funds are held for trading purposes. The monthly average number of futures contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 1,290. The monthly average number of metals forward contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 48. The monthly average notional
value of currency forward contracts traded directly by the Partnership during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $23,940,288.  
 There were no direct investments at December 31, 2015.  
 Trading and transaction fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors and the Partnership s respective
percentage ownership of each Fund.    All clearing fees paid to MS Co. are borne directly by the Partnership for its
direct trading. In addition, clearing fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the limited partners/members, including the Partnership.  
 The following tables summarize the gross and net amounts recognized relating to assets and liabilities of the
Partnership s derivatives and their offsetting subject to master netting arrangements or similar agreements as of September 30, 2016.      

* 
   In the event of default by the Partnership, MS Co., the Partnership s commodity futures broker and
the sole counterparty to the Partnership s off-exchange-traded contracts, as applicable, has the right to offset the Partnership s obligation with the Partnership s cash and/or U.S. Treasury bills held by MS Co., thereby
minimizing MS Co. s risk of loss. There is no collateral posted by MS Co. and as such, in the event of default by MS Co., the Partnership is exposed to the amount shown in the Statements of Financial Condition. In the case of
exchange-traded contracts, the Partnership s exposure to counterparty risk may be reduced since the exchange s clearinghouse interposes its credit between buyer and seller and the clearinghouse s guarantee fund may be available in the
event of a default.     
      11  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following tables indicate the gross fair values of derivative instruments
of futures and forward contracts held directly by the Partnership as separate assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016.      

* 
   This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts  in the Statements of
Financial Condition.         

** 
   This amount is in  Net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts  in the Statements of
Financial Condition.     
      12  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  The following table indicates the trading gains and losses, by market sector,
on derivative instruments traded directly by the Partnership for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, no derivative instruments were traded directly by the
Partnership.      

*** 
   This amount is included in  Total trading results  in the Statements of Income and Expenses and
Changes in Partners  Capital.     
      13  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

5.  
    Fair Value Measurements:      
  Partnership s and the Funds  Fair Value Measurements . Fair value is defined as the price that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to fair values derived from unobservable inputs (Level 3). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls
shall be determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.    The
fair value of exchange-traded futures, option and forward contracts is determined by the various exchanges, and reflects the settlement price for each contract as of the close of business on the last business day of the reporting period. The fair
value of foreign currency forward contracts is extrapolated on a forward basis from the spot prices quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period from various exchanges. The fair value of
non-exchange-traded foreign currency option contracts is calculated by applying an industry standard model application for options valuation of foreign currency options, using as input the spot prices, interest rates, and option implied volatilities
quoted as of approximately 3:00 P.M. (E.T.) on the last business day of the reporting period. U.S. Treasury bills are valued at the last available bid price received from independent pricing services as of the close of the last business day of the
reporting period.    The Partnership and the Funds consider prices for exchange-traded commodity futures, forward, swap and
option contracts to be based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1). The values of U.S. Treasury bills, non-exchange-traded forward, swap and certain option contracts for which market quotations
are not readily available are priced by broker quotes or pricing services that derive fair values for those assets and liabilities from observable inputs (Level 2). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Partnership and the Funds did not hold any derivative instruments that were priced at fair value using unobservable inputs through the application of the General Partner s assumptions and internal valuation
pricing models (Level 3). Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of the reporting period. During the reporting periods, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2.  

14  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

6.  
    Investment in the Funds:      
 On March 1, 2005, the assets allocated to Aspect for trading were invested in Aspect Master, a limited partnership
organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership purchased 131,340.8450 units of Aspect Master with cash equal to $122,786,448 and a contribution of open commodity futures and forward contracts with a fair value of
$8,554,397. Aspect Master permits accounts managed by Aspect using the Diversified Program, a proprietary, systematic trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of Aspect Master.
Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Aspect, including the Partnership, are permitted to be limited partners of Aspect Master. The General Partner and Aspect believe that trading through this structure should promote efficiency and
economy in the trading process.    On July 1, 2005, the assets allocated to Willowbridge for trading were invested in
Willowbridge Master (formerly CMF Willowbridge Argo Master Fund L.P.), a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership purchased 95,795.8082 units of Willowbridge Master with cash equal to
$85,442,868 and a contribution of open commodity futures and forward contracts with a fair value of $10,352,940. Willowbridge Master permits accounts managed by Willowbridge using its wPraxis Futures Trading Approach, a proprietary, discretionary
trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of Willowbridge Master. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Willowbridge, including the Partnership, are permitted to be
limited partners of Willowbridge Master. The General Partner and Willowbridge believe that trading through this structure should promote efficiency and economy in the trading process. The General Partner and Willowbridge have agreed that
Willowbridge will trade the assets allocated to Willowbridge at a level up to 3 times the amount of assets allocated. Prior to January 1, 2013, Willowbridge traded the Partnership s assets pursuant to its Argo Trading System.  
 On June 1, 2006, the assets allocated to Graham for trading were invested in Graham Master, a limited partnership
organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership purchased 101,486.0491 units of Graham Master with cash equal to $103,008,482. Graham Master permits accounts managed by Graham using the K4D-15V Program, a proprietary,
systematic trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of Graham Master. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Graham, including the Partnership, are permitted to be
limited partners of Graham Master. The General Partner and Graham believe that trading through this structure should promote efficiency and economy in the trading process.  
 On May 1, 2011, the assets allocated to Altis for trading were invested in Altis Master, a limited partnership organized
under the partnership laws of the State of New York. The Partnership purchased 21,851.9469 units of Altis Master with cash equal to $70,000,000. Altis Master permits commodity pools managed now and in the future by Altis using the Global Futures
Portfolio Program, a proprietary, systematic trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The Partnership fully redeemed its investment in Altis Master on June 30, 2016 for cash equal to $19,215,106.  
 On January 1, 2013, the assets allocated to Boronia for trading were invested in Boronia I, LLC, a limited liability
company organized under the limited liability company laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership purchased an interest in Boronia I, LLC with cash equal to $36,000,000. Boronia I, LLC permits accounts managed by Boronia using the Boronia
Diversified Program, a proprietary, systematic trading system, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the trading manager of Boronia I, LLC. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Boronia, including the
Partnership, are permitted to be members of Boronia I, LLC. The Trading Manager and Boronia believe that trading through this structure should promote efficiency and economy in the trading process. The Trading Manager and Boronia agreed that Boronia
will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Boronia at a level up to 1.5 times the amount of assets allocated.  
 On August 1, 2013, the assets allocated to JE Moody for trading were invested in JEM Master, a limited partnership
organized under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership purchased 11,968.0895 units of JEM Master with cash equal to $15,820,000. JEM Master permits accounts managed by JE Moody using the JEM Commodity Relative Value Program,
a proprietary, systematic trading program, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of JEM Master. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by JE Moody, including the Partnership, are
permitted to be limited partners of JEM Master. The General Partner and JE Moody believe that trading through this structure should promote efficiency and economy in the trading process. The General Partner and JE Moody agreed that JE Moody will
trade the Partnership s assets allocated to JE Moody at a level that is up to 3 times the amount of assets allocated. The Partnership fully redeemed its investment in JEM Master on September 30, 2016 for cash equal to $9,054,379.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  On December 1, 2015, the assets allocated to Cambridge for trading were
invested in Cambridge Master, a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of Delaware. The Partnership purchased an interest in Cambridge Master with cash equal to $17,000,000. Cambridge Master permits accounts managed by
Cambridge using the Asian Markets Alpha Programme and the Emerging Markets Alpha Programme, each a proprietary, systematic trading program, to invest together in one trading vehicle. The General Partner is also the general partner of Cambridge
Master. Individual and pooled accounts currently managed by Cambridge, including the Partnership, are permitted to be limited partners of Cambridge Master. The General Partner and Cambridge believe that trading through this structure should promote
efficiency and economy in the trading process. The General Partner and Cambridge agreed that Cambridge will trade the Partnership s assets allocated to Cambridge at a level that is up to 1.5 times the amount of assets allocated. The amount of
leverage may be increased or decreased in the future. However, in no event will the amount of leverage be greater than 2 times the amount of assets allocated.  
 The General Partner is not aware of any material changes to the trading programs discussed above during the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2016.    The Funds  and the Partnership s trading of futures, forward and option
contracts, if applicable, on commodities is done primarily on U.S. and foreign commodity exchanges. The Funds and the Partnership engage in such trading through commodity brokerage accounts maintained with MS Co.  
 Generally, a limited partner/member in the Funds withdraws all or part of its capital contribution and undistributed profits,
if any, from the Funds as of the end of any month (the  Redemption Date ) after a request has been made to the General Partner/Trading Manager at least three days in advance of the Redemption Date. Such withdrawals are classified as a
liability when the limited partner/member elects to redeem and informs the Funds. However, a limited partner/member may request a withdrawal as of the end of any day if such request is received by the General Partner/Trading Manager at least three
days in advance of the proposed withdrawal day.    Management fees, General Partner fees, ongoing selling agent fees and
incentive fees are charged at the Partnership level, except for management and incentive fees payable to Boronia which are charged at the Boronia Trading Company level. Clearing fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Funds  limited
partners/non-managing members, including the Partnership. Clearing fees are also borne by the Partnership directly. Professional fees are borne by the Funds and allocated to the Partnership, and also charged directly at the Partnership level.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership owned approximately 10.0% of Willowbridge Master, 44.8% of Aspect Master, 70.3%
of Graham Master, 34.3% of Boronia I, LLC and 45.5% of Cambridge Master. At December 31, 2015, the Partnership owned approximately 13.7% of Willowbridge Master, 55.3% of Aspect Master, 72.7% of Graham Master, 59.7% of Altis Master, 61.0% of JEM
Master, 48.8% of Boronia I, LLC and 28.3% of Cambridge Master. It is the Partnership s intention to continue to invest in the Funds. The performance of the Partnership is directly affected by the performance of the Funds. Expenses to investors
as a result of investment in the Funds are approximately the same as they would be if the Partnership traded directly and the redemption rights are not affected.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Summarized information reflecting the total assets, liabilities and
partners /members  capital of the Funds is shown in the following tables.      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Summarized information reflecting the net investment income (loss), total
trading results and net income (loss) of the Funds is shown in the following tables.      
 
      18  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
  Summarized information reflecting the Partnership s investment in and
the Partnership s pro rata share of the results of operations of the Funds is shown in the following tables.      
 
      19  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

20  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       

7.  
    Financial Instrument Risks:      
 In the normal course of business, the Partnership and the Funds are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk,
including derivative financial instruments and derivative commodity instruments. These financial instruments may include forward, futures, option and swap contracts, whose values are based upon an underlying asset, index, or reference rate, and
generally represent future commitments to exchange currencies or cash balances, to purchase or sell other financial instruments at specific terms at specified future dates, or, in the case of derivative commodity instruments, to have a reasonable
possibility to be settled in cash, through physical delivery or with another financial instrument. These instruments may be traded on an exchange, a swap execution facility or over-the-counter ( OTC ). Exchange-traded instruments include
futures and certain standardized forward, swap and option contracts. Specific market movements of commodities or futures contracts underlying an option cannot accurately be predicted. The purchaser of an option may lose the entire premium paid for
the option. Certain swap contracts may also be traded on a swap execution facility or OTC. OTC contracts are negotiated between contracting parties and also include certain forward, swap and option contracts. Each of these instruments is subject to
various risks similar to those related to the underlying financial instruments, including market and credit risk. In general, the risks associated with OTC contracts are greater than those associated with exchange-traded instruments because of the
greater risk of default by the counterparty to an OTC contract. The General Partner estimates that at any given time approximately 57.4% to 73.0% of the Partnership s/Funds  contracts are traded OTC.  
  Futures Contracts.  The Partnership and the Funds trade futures contracts. A futures contract is a firm commitment to buy
or sell a specified quantity of investments, currency or a standardized amount of a deliverable grade commodity, at a specified price on a specified future date, unless the contract is closed before the delivery date or the delivery quantity is
something where physical delivery cannot occur (such as the S P 500 Index), whereby such contract is settled in cash. Payments ( variation margin ) may be made or received by the Partnership and the Funds each business day, depending
on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership and the Funds. When the contract is closed, the Partnership and the Funds record a realized gain or loss equal to
the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in futures contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation
margin deposits, through the futures broker, directly with the exchange on which the contracts are traded. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on futures contracts are included in the
Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.     Forward Foreign
Currency Contracts.  Forward foreign currency contracts are those contracts where the Partnership and Funds agree to receive or deliver a fixed quantity of foreign currency for an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon future date. Forward foreign
currency contracts are valued daily, and the Partnership s and Funds  net equity therein, representing unrealized gain or loss on the contracts as measured by the difference between the forward foreign exchange rates at the dates of entry
into the contracts and the forward rates at the reporting date, is included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Financial Condition. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on forward foreign currency
contracts are recognized in the period in which the contract is closed or the changes occur, respectively, and are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
  London Metals Exchange Forward Contracts.  Metal contracts traded on the London Metals Exchange ( LME )
represent a firm commitment to buy or sell a specified quantity of aluminum, copper, lead, nickel, tin or zinc. LME contracts traded by the Partnership and the Funds are cash settled based on prompt dates published by the LME. Variation margin may
be made or received by the Partnership and the Funds each business day, depending on the daily fluctuations in the value of the underlying contracts, and are recorded as unrealized gains or losses by the Partnership and the Funds. A contract is
considered offset when all long positions have been matched with a like number of short positions settling on the same prompt date. When the contract is closed at the prompt date, the Partnership and the Funds record a realized gain or loss equal to
the difference between the value of the contract at the time it was opened and the value at the time it was closed. Transactions in LME contracts require participants to make both initial margin deposits of cash or other assets and variation margin
deposits, through the broker, directly with the LME. Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on metal contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in
Partners  Capital.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.   
  Notes to Financial Statements   
  (Unaudited)       
   
   Options.  The Partnership and the Funds may purchase and write (sell)
both exchange-listed and OTC options on commodities or financial instruments. An option is a contract allowing, but not requiring, its holder to buy (call) or sell (put) a specific or standard commodity or financial instrument at a specified price
during a specified time period. The option premium is the total price paid or received for the option contract. When the Partnership/Funds write an option, the premium received is recorded as a liability in the Partnership s/Funds 
Statements of Financial Condition and marked-to-market daily. When the Partnership/Funds purchase an option, the premium paid is recorded as an asset in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Financial Condition and marked-to-market daily.
Net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) on option contracts are included in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
 As both a buyer and seller of options, the Partnership/Fund pay or receive a premium at the outset and then bear the risk of
unfavorable changes in the price of the contract underlying the option. Written options expose the Partnership/Funds to potentially unlimited liability; for purchased options, the risk of loss is limited to the premiums paid. Certain written put
options permit cash settlement and do not require the option holder to own the reference asset. The Partnership/Funds do not consider these contracts to be guarantees.  
 The Partnership and the Funds do not isolate the portion of the results of operations arising from the effect of changes in
foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations from changes in market prices of investments held. Such fluctuations are included in total trading results in the Partnership s/Funds  Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in
Partners  Capital.    Market risk is the potential for changes in the value of the financial instruments traded by the
Partnership/Funds due to market changes, including interest and foreign exchange rate movements and fluctuations in commodity or security prices. Market risk is directly impacted by the volatility and liquidity in the markets in which the related
underlying assets are traded. The Partnership and the Funds are exposed to market risk equal to the value of the futures and forward contracts purchased and unlimited liability on such contracts sold short.  
 Credit risk is the possibility that a loss may occur due to the failure of a counterparty to perform according to the terms of
a contract. The Partnership s/Funds  risk of loss in the event of a counterparty default is typically limited to the amounts recognized in the Statements of Financial Condition and is not represented by the contract or notional amounts of
the instruments. The Partnership s/Funds  risk of loss is reduced through the use of legally enforceable master netting agreements with counterparties that permit the Partnership/Funds to offset unrealized gains and losses and other assets
and liabilities with such counterparties upon the occurrence of certain events. The Partnership/Funds have credit risk and concentration risk, as either MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate is the sole counterparty or broker with respect to the
Partnership s/Funds  assets. Credit risk with respect to exchange-traded instruments is reduced to the extent that, through MS Co. or an MS Co. affiliate, the Partnership s/Funds  counterparty is an exchange or clearing
organization.    The General Partner monitors and attempts to control the Partnership s/Funds  risk exposure on a
daily basis through financial, credit and risk management monitoring systems and, accordingly, believes that it has effective procedures for evaluating and limiting the credit and market risks to which the Partnership/Funds may be subject. These
monitoring systems generally allow the General Partner to statistically analyze actual trading results with risk-adjusted performance indicators and correlation statistics. In addition, online monitoring systems provide account analysis of futures,
forward and option contracts by sector, margin requirements, gain and loss transactions and collateral positions.    The
majority of these financial instruments mature within one year of the inception date. However, due to the nature of Partnership s/Funds  business, these instruments may not be held to maturity.  
 The risk to the limited partners that have purchased Redeemable Units is limited to the amount of their share of the
Partnership s net assets and undistributed profits. This limited liability is a result of the organization of the Partnership as a limited partnership under New York law.      

8.  
    Subsequent Events:      
 The General Partner evaluates events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. The
General Partner has assessed the subsequent events through the date of issuance and has determined that there were no subsequent events requiring adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

     Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations      Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 The Partnership does not engage in sales of goods or services. Its assets are its (i) investment in the Funds,
(ii) equity in trading account, consisting of cash at MS Co. and cash margin, net unrealized appreciation on open futures contracts, net unrealized appreciation on open forward contracts, options purchased at fair value and investment in
U.S. Treasury bills at fair value, if applicable, (iii) cash at bank and (iv) interest receivable. Because of the low margin deposits normally required in commodity futures trading, relatively small price movements may result in
substantial losses to the Partnership, through its investment in the Funds and direct investments. While substantial losses could lead to a material decrease in liquidity, no such illiquidity occurred in the third quarter of 2016.  
 The Partnership s capital consists of the capital contributions of the partners as increased or decreased by realized
and/or unrealized gains or losses on trading and by expenses, interest income, subscriptions and redemptions of Redeemable Units and distributions of profits, if any.  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Partnership s capital decreased 22.3% from $206,869,254 to
$160,658,391. This decrease was attributable to redemptions of 33,762.3160 limited partner Redeemable Units totaling $32,195,321, redemptions of 505.3890 General Partner Redeemable Units totaling $460,000 and a net loss of $13,555,542. Future
redemptions can impact the amount of funds available for investment in subsequent periods.     Critical Accounting Policies   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the General Partner to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expense during the reporting period. The General Partner
believes that the estimates and assumptions utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Partnership s significant accounting policies are described in detail in Note 2 of
the Financial Statements.    The Partnership and the Funds record all investments at fair value in its financial statements,
with changes in fair value reported as a component of net realized gains (losses) and net change in unrealized gains (losses) in the Statements of Income and Expenses and Changes in Partners  Capital.  
  Results of Operations   
 During the Partnership s third quarter of 2016, the Partnership s net asset value per Redeemable Unit decreased 5.0%
from $957.62 to $910.19 as compared to an increase of 5.7% in the same period of 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss before fees and expenses in the third quarter of 2016 of $8,814,409. Losses were primarily attributable to the
Partnership s/Funds  trading in currencies, energy, grains, metals and global interest rates and were partially offset by gains in indices, softs and livestock. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the
third quarter of 2015 of $15,510,709. Gains were primarily attributable to the Funds  trading in energy, global interest rate, metals, and currency markets and were partially offset by losses in global stock index and agricultural markets.  
 The most significant losses were incurred within the currency markets during July from short positions in the Indian rupee
versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the Indian currency advanced as demand for assets in emerging markets picked up amid optimism the U.K. s vote to exit the European Union will not have a lasting effect on the South Asian
nation s markets. Within the global interest rate sector, losses were recorded during August from long positions in U.S. Treasury note and Treasury bond futures as prices declined after the release of strong employment data in the U.S. led to
speculation the U.S. Federal Reserve could raise interest rates earlier than previous forecasts predicted. Within the energy markets, losses were incurred during August from short positions in the crude oil complex as prices rallied during the first
half of the month amid speculation of a potential agreement among the OPEC nations to curtail oil production. Additional losses were incurred within the metals markets during August from long positions in gold and silver as prices reversed lower as
a strengthening U.S. dollar diminished investor demand for precious metals. A portion of the Partnership s losses for the quarter was offset by gains achieved within the global stock index sector, primarily during July, from long positions in
U.S. equity index futures as U.S. employers added far more jobs than expected in June, providing reassurance that the U.S. economy was growing solidly and pushing equity prices higher.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  During the Partnership s nine months ended September 30, 2016, the net
asset value per Redeemable Unit decreased 7.3% from $981.45 to $910.19 as compared to a decrease of 3.2% in the same period of 2015. The Partnership experienced a net trading loss before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30,
2016 of $13,555,542. Losses were primarily attributable to the Partnership s/Funds  trading in currencies, energy, U.S. interest rates, livestock, metals and softs and were partially offset by gains in grains, non-U.S. interest rates and
indices. The Partnership experienced a net trading gain before fees and expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of $5,753,495. Gains were primarily attributable to the Funds  trading in currency, global interest rate, energy,
and metals markets and were offset by trading losses in global stock index and agricultural futures.    The most significant
losses were incurred within the metals markets during May from long positions in gold and silver futures as a strengthening U.S. dollar diminished investor demand for precious metals. Additional metals losses were experienced during February from
short positions in zinc and copper futures as prices advanced in anticipation of stimulus measures from the People s Bank of China bolstering China s manufacturing sector. Within the energy complex, losses were recorded during April from
short positions in crude oil and its related products as prices surged as data from the Energy Information Agency showed U.S. crude oil production continued to decline. During March and April, further losses were incurred within the energies from
natural gas positions. Losses within the currency sector were recorded during July from short positions in the Indian rupee versus the U.S. dollar as the relative value of the Indian currency advanced as demand for assets in emerging markets picked
up amid optimism the U.K. s vote to exit the European Union will not have a lasting effect on the South Asian nation s markets. Additional losses were experienced during August from long positions in the Malaysian ringgit versus the U.S.
dollar. Within the agricultural markets, losses were experienced during March from short positions in coffee and sugar futures as prices advanced on news that El Nino weather patterns brought dry conditions and exacerbated the spread of plant
disease in South America. Losses within the agricultural markets were also recorded during January from long positions in cocoa futures as prices tumbled as funds cut bets on higher prices amid signs African crops were recovering from a five-year
low. The Partnership s losses for the first nine months of the year were partially offset by gains achieved within the global interest rate markets during January and February from long positions in European fixed income futures as prices
rallied after European Central Bank (the  ECB ) head Mario Draghi said the ECB s Governing Council would review its stimulus policy as the region s inflation rate fell below zero. Additional gains in the global interest rate
sector were recorded during June from positions in European and U.S. fixed income futures.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

  Commodity markets are highly volatile. Broad price fluctuations and rapid
inflation increase not only the risks involved in commodity trading, but also the possibility of profit. The profitability of the Partnership/Funds depends on the existence of major price trends and the ability of the Advisors to correctly identify
those price trends. Price trends are influenced by, among other things, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and trade programs and policies, national and international political and economic
events and changes in interest rates. To the extent that market trends exist and the Advisors are able to identify them, the Funds expect to increase capital through operations.  
 Interest income on 80% of the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s (or the Partnership s
allocable portion of a Fund s, other than Boronia I, LLC) brokerage account during each month is earned at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate. MS Co. credits Boronia I, LLC on 100% of the
average daily equity maintained in cash in the account of Boronia I, LLC during each month at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate less 0.15% during such month but in no event less than zero. When the
effective rate is less than zero, no interest is earned. Any interest earned on the Partnership s and/or each Fund s cash account in excess of the amounts described above, if any, will be retained by MS Co. and/or shared with the
General Partner. All interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills and money market mutual fund securities will be retained by the Partnership and/or the Funds, as applicable. Interest income earned for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased by $80,197 and $249,252, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The increase in interest income is primarily due to higher 4-week U.S. Treasury bill discount rates along with additional
interest income earned on U.S. Treasury bills during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. Interest earned by the Partnership will increase the net asset value of the Partnership.
The amount of interest income earned by the Partnership depends on (1) the average daily equity maintained in cash in the Partnership s and/or the Funds  accounts, (2) the amount of U.S. Treasury bills and/or money market mutual
fund securities purchased by the Partnership and/or the Funds and (3) interest rates over which none of the Partnership, the Funds nor MS Co. has control.  
 Certain clearing fees are based on the number of trades executed by the Advisors for the Partnership/Funds. Accordingly, they
must be compared in relation to the number of trades executed during the period. Clearing fees related to direct investments for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $10,781. The Partnership did not trade directly during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.    Ongoing selling agent fees are calculated as a percentage of the
Partnership s adjusted net asset value on the last day of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values.
Ongoing selling agent fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $243,970 and $726,893, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in ongoing selling agent fees is due to a
decrease in average net assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.  
 General Partner fees are paid to the General Partner for administering the business and affairs of the Partnership. General
Partner fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of each month and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the
fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. General Partner fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $121,579 and $362,418, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in
General Partner fees is primarily due to a decrease in average net assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.  
 Management fees are calculated as a percentage of the Partnership s adjusted net asset value as of the end of each month
and are affected by trading performance, subscriptions and redemptions. Accordingly, they must be compared in relation to the fluctuations in the monthly net asset values. Management fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
decreased by $191,406 and $642,686, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods in 2015. The decrease in management fees is due to a decrease in average net assets during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as
compared to the corresponding periods in 2015.    Incentive fees are based on the new trading profits generated by each
Advisor at the end of the quarter, as defined in the respective management agreements between the Partnership, the General Partner and each Advisor. Trading performance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted in
incentive fees of $206 and $408,994, respectively. Trading performance for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 resulted in incentive fees of $0 and $2,150,795, respectively. To the extent an Advisor incurs a loss for the
Partnership, the Advisor will not be paid incentive fees until such Advisor recovers any net loss incurred by the Advisor and earns additional new trading profits for the Partnership.  
 In allocating the assets of the Partnership among the Advisors, the General Partner considers, among other factors, past
performance, trading style, volatility of markets traded and fee requirements. The General Partner may modify or terminate the allocation of assets among the Advisors and may allocate assets to additional advisors at any time.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Partnership s
assets were allocated among the trading Advisors in the following approximate percentages:      
 
      26  

Table of Contents  

     Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk     The Partnership/Funds are speculative commodity pools. The market sensitive instruments held by them are
acquired for speculative trading purposes, and all or substantially all of the Partnership s/Funds  assets are subject to the risk of trading loss. Unlike an operating company, the risk of market sensitive instruments is integral, not
incidental, to the Partnership s/Funds  main line of business.    The limited partners will not be liable for
losses exceeding the current net asset value of their investment.    Market movements result in frequent changes in the fair
value of the Partnership s/Funds  open positions and, consequently, in their earnings and cash balances. The Partnership s/Funds  market risk is influenced by a wide variety of factors, including the level and volatility of
interest rates, exchange rates, equity price levels, the market value of financial instruments and contracts, the diversification effects among the Partnership s/Funds  open positions and the liquidity of the markets in which they trade.
   The Partnership/Funds rapidly acquire and liquidate both long and short positions in a wide range of different markets.
Consequently, it is not possible to predict how a particular future market scenario will affect performance, and the Partnership s/Funds  past performance are not necessarily indicative of their future results.  
  Value at Risk  is a measure of the maximum amount which the Partnership/Funds could reasonably be expected to lose
in a given market sector. However, the inherent uncertainty of the Partnership s/Funds  speculative trading and the recurrence in the markets traded by the Funds of market movements far exceeding expectations could result in actual trading
or non-trading losses far beyond the indicated Value at Risk or the Partnership s/Funds  experience to date (i.e.,  risk of ruin ). In light of the foregoing as well as the risks and uncertainties intrinsic to all future
projections, the inclusion of the quantification in this section should not be considered to constitute any assurance or representation that the Partnership s/Funds  losses in any market sector will be limited to Value at Risk or by the
Partnership s/Funds  attempts to manage their market risk.    Exchange margin requirements have been used by the
Partnership/Funds as the measure of their Value at Risk. Margin requirements are set by exchanges to equal or exceed the maximum losses reasonably expected to be incurred in the fair value of any given contract in 95%-99% of any one-day interval.
The margin levels are established by dealers and exchanges using historical price studies as well as an assessment of current market volatility (including the implied volatility of the options on a given futures contract) and economic fundamentals
to provide a probabilistic estimate of the maximum expected near-term one-day price fluctuation.    Value at Risk tables
represent a probabilistic assessment of the risk of loss in market risk sensitive instruments. The Advisors, with exception to ISAM, currently trade the Partnership s assets indirectly in master fund managed accounts established in the name of
the master funds over which they have been granted limited authority to make trading decisions. ISAM directly trades a managed account in the name of the Partnership. The first two trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive
instruments held by the Partnership directly and through its investment in the Funds. The remaining trading Value at Risk tables reflect the market sensitive instruments held by the Partnership directly (i.e., in the managed account in the
Partnership s name traded by ISAM) and indirectly by each Fund separately. There have been no material changes in the trading Value at Risk information previously disclosed in the Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015.    The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s
open positions by market category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership s total capitalization was $160,658,391.  

27  

Table of Contents  

  As of December 31, 2015, the Partnership s total capitalization was
$206,869,254.      
   The following tables indicate the trading Value at Risk associated with the Partnership s
direct investments as of September 30, 2016 and indirect investments in the Funds by market category as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the highest and lowest value at any point and the average value during the period.
All open position trading risk exposures have been included in the calculating the figures set forth below.    As of
September 30, 2016 the Partnership s Value at Risk for the portion of its assets that are traded directly was as follows:      

* 
   Average of month-end Values at Risk.     
 The Partnership did not trade directly as of December 31, 2015.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, Willowbridge Master s total capitalization
was $370,587,401. The Partnership owned approximately 10.0% of Willowbridge Master. As of September 30, 2016, Willowbridge Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to
Willowbridge for trading) was as follows:      

* 
   Average of month-end Values at Risk.     
 As of December 31, 2015, Willowbridge Master s total capitalization was $348,699,949. The Partnership owned
approximately 13.7% of Willowbridge Master. As of December 31, 2015, Willowbridge Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Willowbridge for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      29  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, Aspect Master s total capitalization was
$54,933,557. The Partnership owned approximately 44.8% of Aspect Master. As of September 30, 2016, Aspect Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Aspect for trading) was as
follows:      

* 
   Average of month-end Values at Risk.     
 As of December 31, 2015, Aspect Master s total capitalization was $68,465,577. The Partnership owned approximately
55.3% of Aspect Master. As of December 31, 2015, Aspect Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Aspect for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      30  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, Graham Master s total capitalization was
$40,427,604. The Partnership owned approximately 70.3% of Graham Master. As of September 30, 2016, Graham Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Graham for trading) was as
follows:      

* 
   Average of month-end Values at Risk.     
 As of December 31, 2015, Graham Master s total capitalization was $52,801,159. The Partnership owned approximately
72.7% of Graham Master. As of December 31, 2015, Graham Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Graham for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      31  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016 Boronia I, LLC s total capitalization was
$52,828,850. The Partnership owned approximately 34.3% of Boronia I, LLC. As of September 30, 2016 Boronia I, LLC s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Boronia for trading) was
as follows:      

* 
   Average of month-end Values at Risk.     
 As of December 31, 2015, Boronia I, LLC s total capitalization was $74,259,634. The Partnership owned approximately
48.8% of Boronia I, LLC. As of December 31, 2015, Boronia I, LLC s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Boronia for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      32  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016 Cambridge Master s total capitalization was
$72,344,839. The Partnership owned approximately 45.5% of Cambridge Master. As of September 30, 2016 Cambridge Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Cambridge for
trading) was as follows:      

* 
   Average of month-end Values at Risk.     
 As of December 31, 2015, Cambridge Master s total capitalization was $59,709,922. The Partnership owned
approximately 28.3% of Cambridge Master. As of December 31, 2015, Cambridge Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to Cambridge for trading) was as follows:  

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      33  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, the Partnership has fully redeemed its investment
in JEM Master. As of December 31, 2015, JEM Master s total capitalization was $11,125,506. The Partnership owned approximately 61.0% of JEM Master. As of December 31, 2015, JEM Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the
portion of the Partnership s assets allocated to JE Moody for trading) was as follows:      

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
 As of June 30, 2016, the Partnership has fully redeemed its investment in Altis Master. As of December 31, 2015,
Altis Master s total capitalization was $44,314,279. The Partnership owned approximately 59.7% of Altis Master. As of December 31, 2015, Altis Master s Value at Risk for its assets (including the portion of the Partnership s
assets allocated to Altis for trading) was as follow:      

* 
   Annual average of month-end Values at Risk.     
      34  

Table of Contents  

     Item 4.    Controls and Procedures.   
 The Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Partnership on the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods expected in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Partnership in the reports it files is accumulated and communicated to management, including the President and
Chief Financial Officer (the  CFO ) of the General Partner, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC filings.  
 The General Partner is responsible for ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing, maintaining
and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for the Partnership s external disclosures.    The General
Partner s President and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016 and, based on that
evaluation, the General Partner s President and CFO have concluded that, at that date, the Partnership s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  
 The Partnership s  internal control over financial reporting  is a process under the supervision of the General
Partner s President and CFO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. These controls include policies and procedures that:  

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the Partnership;         

provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) the Partnership s receipts are handled and expenditures are made only pursuant to authorizations of the General Partner; and     

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection and correction of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the Partnership s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.     
 There were no changes in the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting process during the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1.     Legal Proceedings.   
 This section describes the major pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business,
to which MS Co. or its subsidiaries is a party or to which any of their property is subject. There are no material legal proceedings pending against the Partnership or the General Partner.  
 On June 1, 2011, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated converted from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware limited
liability company. As a result of that conversion, Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC ( MS Co. ).  
 MS Co. is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, a Delaware holding company. Morgan Stanley files periodic
reports with the SEC as required by the Exchange Act, which include current descriptions of material litigation and material proceedings and investigations, if any, by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations
concerning Morgan Stanley and its subsidiaries, including MS Co. As a consolidated subsidiary of Morgan Stanley, MS Co. does not file its own periodic reports with the SEC that contain descriptions of material litigation, proceedings and
investigations. As a result, please refer to the  Legal Proceedings  section of Morgan Stanley s SEC 10-K filings for 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011. In addition, MS Co. annually prepares an Audited, Consolidated Statement of
Financial Condition ( Audited Financial Statement ) that is publicly available on Morgan Stanley s website at  www.morganstanley.com . Please refer to the Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies   Legal section of
MS Co. s 2015 Audited Financial Statement.    In addition to the matters described in those filings, in the normal
course of business, each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, arising in connection with its activities as a global
diversified financial services institution. Certain of the legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. Each of Morgan Stanley and MS Co. is also involved, from
time to time, in investigations and proceedings by governmental and/or regulatory agencies or self-regulatory organizations, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, fines or penalties. The number of these investigations and proceedings has
increased in recent years with regard to many financial services institutions, including Morgan Stanley and MS Co.  
 MS Co. is a Delaware limited liability company with its main business office located at 1585 Broadway, New York, New York
10036. Among other registrations and memberships, MS Co. is registered as a futures commission merchant and is a member of the National Futures Association.  
   Regulatory and Governmental Matters         
 MS Co. has received subpoenas and requests for information from certain federal and state regulatory and governmental
entities, including among others various members of the RMBS Working Group of the Financial Fraud Enforcement Task Force, such as the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and several state Attorney General s Offices, concerning
the origination, financing, purchase, securitization and servicing of subprime and non-subprime residential mortgages and related matters such as residential mortgage-backed securities ( RMBS ), collateralized debt obligations
( CDOs ), structured investment vehicles ( SIVs ) and credit default swaps backed by or referencing mortgage pass-through certificates. These matters, some of which are in advanced stages, include, but are not limited to,
investigations related to MS Co. s due diligence on the loans that it purchased for securitization, MS Co. s communications with ratings agencies, MS Co. s disclosures to investors, and MS Co. s handling of
servicing and foreclosure related issues.    On February 25, 2015, MS Co. reached an agreement in principle with
the United States Department of Justice, Civil Division and the United States Attorney s Office for the Northern District of California, Civil Division (collectively, the  Civil Division ) to pay $2.6 billion to resolve certain claims
that the Civil Division indicated it intended to bring against MS Co. That settlement was finalized on February 10, 2016.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  On April 1, 2016, the California Attorney General s Office filed an
action against MS Co. and certain affiliates in California state court styled  California v. Morgan Stanley, et al. , on behalf of California investors, including the California Public Employees  Retirement System and the California
Teachers  Retirement System. The complaint alleges that MS Co. made misrepresentations and omissions regarding residential mortgage-backed securities and notes issued by the Cheyne SIV (defined below), and asserts violations of the
California False Claims Act and other state laws and seeks treble damages, civil penalties, disgorgement, and injunctive relief. On July 20, 2016, MS Co. filed a demurrer, which was granted on September 30, 2016. On October 21,
2016, the California Attorney General filed an amended complaint.    In October 2014, the Illinois Attorney
General s Office ( ILAG ) sent a letter to MS Co. alleging that MS Co. knowingly made misrepresentations related to RMBS purchased by certain pension funds affiliated with the State of Illinois and demanding that MS Co.
pay ILAG approximately $88 million. MS Co. and ILAG reached an agreement to resolve the matter on February 10, 2016.  
 On January 13, 2015, the New York Attorney General s Office ( NYAG ), which is also a member of the RMBS
Working Group, indicated that it intended to file a lawsuit related to approximately 30 subprime securitizations sponsored by MS Co. NYAG indicated that the lawsuit would allege that MS Co. misrepresented or omitted material information
related to the due diligence, underwriting and valuation of the loans in the securitizations and the properties securing them and indicated that its lawsuit would be brought under the Martin Act. MS Co. and NYAG reached an agreement to resolve
the matter on February 10, 2016.    On June 5, 2012, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an Order
Instituting Proceedings Pursuant to Sections 6(c) and 6(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, Making Findings and Imposing Remedial Sanctions by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ( CFTC ) to resolve allegations related to
the failure of a salesperson to comply with exchange rules that prohibit off-exchange futures transactions unless there is an Exchange for Related Position ( EFRP ). Specifically, the CFTC found that from April 2008 through October 2009,
MS Co. violated Section 4c(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulation 1.38 by executing, processing and reporting numerous off-exchange futures trades to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange ( CME ) and Chicago Board of Trade
( CBOT ) as EFRPs in violation of CME and CBOT rules because those trades lacked the corresponding and related cash, OTC swap, OTC option, or other OTC derivative position. In addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC
Regulation 166.3 by failing to supervise the handling of the trades at issue and failing to have adequate policies and procedures designed to detect and deter the violations of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulations. Without admitting or
denying the underlying allegations and without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to entry of findings and the imposition of a cease and desist order, a fine of $5,000,000, and undertakings related to public
statements, cooperation and payment of the fine. MS Co. entered into corresponding and related settlements with the CME and CBOT in which the CME found that MS Co. violated CME Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $750,000 and CBOT found
that MS Co. violated CBOT Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined MS Co. $1,000,000.    On July 23, 2014, the SEC
approved a settlement by MS Co. and certain affiliates to resolve an investigation related to certain subprime RMBS transactions sponsored and underwritten by those entities in 2007. Pursuant to the settlement, MS Co. and certain
affiliates were charged with violating Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, agreed to pay disgorgement and penalties in an amount of $275 million and neither admitted nor denied the SEC s findings.  
 On April 21, 2015, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, Incorporated ( CBOE ) and the CBOE Futures Exchange, LLC
( CFE ) filed statements of charges against MS Co. in connection with trading by one of MS Co. s former traders of EEM options contracts that allegedly disrupted the final settlement price of the November 2012 VXEM
futures. CBOE alleged that MS Co. violated CBOE Rules 4.1, 4.2 and 4.7, Sections 9(a) and 10(b) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. CFE alleged that MS Co. violated CFE Rules 608, 609 and 620. The matters were
resolved on June 28, 2016 without any findings of fraud.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

  On June 18, 2015, MS Co. entered into a settlement with the SEC and paid
a fine of $500,000 as part of the Municipalities Continuing Disclosure Cooperation Initiative to resolve allegations that MS Co. failed to form a reasonable basis through adequate due diligence for believing the truthfulness of the assertions by
issuers and/or obligors regarding their compliance with previous continuing disclosure undertakings pursuant to Rule 15c2-12 under the Exchange Act in connection with offerings in which MS Co. acted as senior or sole underwriter. 
 On August 6, 2015, MS Co. consented to and became the subject of an order by the CFTC to resolve allegations that
MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 22.9(a) by failing to hold sufficient U.S. dollars in cleared swap segregated accounts in the United States to meet all U.S. dollar obligations to cleared swaps customers. Specifically, the CFTC found that while
MS Co. at all times held sufficient funds in segregation to cover its obligations to its customers, on certain days during 2013 and 2014, it held currencies, such as euros, instead of U.S. dollars, to meet its U.S. dollar obligations. In
addition, the CFTC found that MS Co. violated CFTC Regulation 166.3 by failing to have in place adequate procedures to ensure that it complied with CFTC Regulation 22.9(a). Without admitting or denying the findings or conclusions and
without adjudication of any issue of law or fact, MS Co. accepted and consented to the entry of findings, the imposition of a cease and desist order, a civil monetary penalty of $300,000, and undertakings related to public statements,
cooperation, and payment of the monetary penalty.      Civil Litigation    
 On December 23, 2009, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle filed a complaint against MS Co. and another
defendant in the Superior Court of the State of Washington, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  The amended complaint, filed on September 28, 2010, alleges that defendants made
untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by
MS Co. was approximately $233 million. The complaint raises claims under the Washington State Securities Act and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. By orders dated June
23, 2011 and July 18, 2011, the court denied defendants  omnibus motion to dismiss plaintiff s amended complaint and on August 15, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s individual motion to dismiss the amended
complaint. On March 7, 2013, the court granted defendants  motion to strike plaintiff s demand for a jury trial. The defendants  joint motions for partial summary judgment were denied on November 9, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $43 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $43 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants
in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. et al.  An amended complaint, filed on June 10, 2010, alleges that defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to
plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $276 million. The complaint raises claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such
certificates. On August 11, 2011, plaintiff s federal securities law claims were dismissed with prejudice. On February 9, 2012, defendants  demurrers with respect to all other claims were overruled. On December 20,
2013, plaintiff s negligent misrepresentation claims were dismissed with prejudice. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in these cases was approximately $52 million, and the
certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $2 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss for this action up to the difference between the $55 million unpaid balance of these
certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these
losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  On July 15, 2010, China Development Industrial Bank ( CDIB ) filed
a complaint against MS Co., styled  China Development Industrial Bank v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Incorporated et al ., which is pending in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County ( Supreme Court of NY ).
The complaint relates to a $275 million credit default swap referencing the super senior portion of the STACK 2006-1 CDO. The complaint asserts claims for common law fraud, fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment and alleges that
MS Co. misrepresented the risks of the STACK 2006-1 CDO to CDIB, and that MS Co. knew that the assets backing the CDO were of poor quality when it entered into the credit default swap with CDIB. The complaint seeks compensatory damages
related to the approximately $228 million that CDIB alleges it has already lost under the credit default swap, rescission of CDIB s obligation to pay an additional $12 million, punitive damages, equitable relief, fees and costs. On
February 28, 2011, the court denied MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss of up to approximately $240 million plus pre- and post-judgment interest,
fees and costs.    On October 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago filed a complaint against
MS Co. and other defendants in the Circuit Court of the State of Illinois, styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago v. Bank of America Funding Corporation et al.  A corrected amended complaint was filed on
April 8, 2011, which alleges that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage
loans and asserts claims under Illinois law. The total amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. at issue in the action was approximately $203 million. The complaint seeks, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. The defendants filed a motion to dismiss the corrected amended complaint on May 27, 2011, which was denied on September 19, 2012. On December 13, 2013, the court entered
an order dismissing all claims related to one of the securitizations at issue. After that dismissal, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $78 million. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $48 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information,
MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $48 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., plus pre-
and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.  
 On April 20, 2011, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston filed a complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the
Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston v. Ally Financial, Inc. F/K/A GMAC LLC et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012 and alleges that defendants made untrue statements
and material omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff
by MS Co. was approximately $385 million. The amended complaint raises claims under the Massachusetts Uniform Securities Act, the Massachusetts Consumer Protection Act and common law and seeks, among other things, to rescind the plaintiff s
purchase of such certificates. On May 26, 2011, defendants removed the case to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The defendants  motions to dismiss the amended complaint were granted in part and denied in
part on September 30, 2013. On November 25, 2013, July 16, 2014, and May 19, 2015, respectively, the plaintiff voluntarily dismissed its claims against MS Co. with respect to three of the securitizations at issue. After these
voluntary dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $332 million. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through
certificates at issue in this action was approximately $52 million, and the certificates had not yet incurred actual losses. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference
between the $52 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be
entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment. 
      39  

Table of Contents  

  On May 3, 2013, plaintiffs in  Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank AG et
al. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co., certain affiliates, and other defendants in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to
plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff currently at
issue in this action was approximately $644 million. The complaint alleges causes of action against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, negligent misrepresentation, and rescission and seeks, among
other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On June 10, 2014, the court granted in part and denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. MS Co. perfected its appeal from that decision on June 12, 2015. At
September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $252 million, and the certificates had incurred actual losses of approximately $85 million. Based on currently
available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $252 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred) and their fair market value at the time of a judgment
against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses.  
 On May 17, 2013, plaintiff in  IKB International S.A. in Liquidation, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  filed a
complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY. The complaint alleges that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $132 million. The complaint alleges causes of action
against MS Co. for common law fraud, fraudulent concealment, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation, and seeks, among other things, compensatory and punitive damages. On October 29, 2014, the court granted in part and
denied in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss. All claims regarding four certificates were dismissed. After these dismissals, the remaining amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. or sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was
approximately $116 million. On August 26, 2015, MS Co. perfected its appeal from the court s October 29, 2014 decision. On August 11, 2016, the Appellate Division, First Department affirmed the trial court s decision
denying in part MS Co. s motion to dismiss the complaint. At September 25, 2016, the current unpaid balance of the mortgage pass-through certificates at issue in this action was approximately $26 million, and the certificates had
incurred actual losses of $58 million. Based on currently available information, MS Co. believes it could incur a loss in this action up to the difference between the $26 million unpaid balance of these certificates (plus any losses incurred)
and their fair market value at the time of a judgment against MS Co., or upon sale, plus pre- and post-judgment interest, fees and costs. MS Co. may be entitled to be indemnified for some of these losses and to an offset for interest
received by the plaintiff prior to a judgment.      Settled Civil Litigation    
 On August 25, 2008, MS Co. and two ratings agencies were named as defendants in a purported class action related to
securities issued by a structured investment vehicle called Cheyne Finance PLC and Cheyne Finance LLC (together, the  Cheyne SIV ). The case was styled  Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank, et al. v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al. 
The complaint alleged, among other things, that the ratings assigned to the securities issued by the Cheyne SIV were false and misleading, including because the ratings did not accurately reflect the risks associated with the subprime residential
mortgage-backed securities held by the Cheyne SIV. The plaintiffs asserted allegations of aiding and abetting fraud and negligent misrepresentation relating to approximately $852 million of securities issued by the Cheyne SIV. On April 24,
2013, the parties reached an agreement to settle the case, and on April 26, 2013, the court dismissed the action with prejudice.  
      40  

Table of Contents  

  On March 15, 2010, the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Superior Court of the State of California styled  Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco v. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, et al . An amended complaint filed on
June 10, 2010 alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential
mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly sold to plaintiff by MS Co. was approximately $704 million. The complaint raised claims under both the federal securities laws and California law and sought, among other things, to
rescind the plaintiff s purchase of such certificates. On January 26, 2015, as a result of a settlement with certain other defendants, the plaintiff requested and the court subsequently entered a dismissal with prejudice of certain of
the plaintiff s claims, including all remaining claims against MS Co.    On July 9, 2010 and February 11,
2011, Cambridge Place Investment Management Inc. filed two separate complaints against MS Co. and/or its affiliates and other defendants in the Superior Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, both styled  Cambridge Place
Investment Management Inc. v. Morgan Stanley   Co., Inc., et al.  The complaints asserted claims on behalf of certain clients of plaintiff s affiliates and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions
in the sale of a number of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued by MS Co. and/or its affiliates or sold to
plaintiff s affiliates  clients by MS Co. and/or its affiliates in the two matters was approximately $263 million. On February 11, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20,
2014, the court dismissed the action.    On October 25, 2010, MS Co., certain affiliates and Pinnacle Performance
Limited, a special purpose vehicle ( SPV ), were named as defendants in a purported class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ( SDNY ), styled  Ge Dandong, et al. v. Pinnacle
Performance Ltd., et al.  On January 31, 2014, the plaintiffs in the action, which related to securities issued by the SPV in Singapore, filed a second amended complaint, which asserted common law claims of fraud, aiding and abetting fraud,
fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraudulent inducement, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. On July 17, 2014, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, which received final court
approval on July 2, 2015.    On July 5, 2011, Allstate Insurance Company and certain of its affiliated entities
filed a complaint against MS Co. in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Allstate Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al . An amended complaint was filed on September 9, 2011, and alleged that the defendants made untrue
statements and material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly issued and/or sold to the
plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $104 million. The complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, aiding and abetting fraud, and negligent misrepresentation and seeks, among other things, compensatory and/or
recessionary damages associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On January 16, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
 On July 18, 2011, the Western and Southern Life Insurance Company and certain affiliated companies filed a
complaint against MS Co. and other defendants in the Court of Common Pleas in Ohio, styled  Western and Southern Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley Mortgage Capital Inc., et al . An amended complaint was filed
on April 2, 2012 and alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount
of the certificates allegedly sold to plaintiffs by MS Co. was approximately $153 million. On June 8, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.  
      41  

Table of Contents  

  On September 2, 2011, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, as conservator for
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, filed 17 complaints against numerous financial services companies, including MS Co. and certain affiliates. A complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates and other defendants was filed in the Supreme
Court of NY, styled  Federal Housing Finance Agency, as Conservator v. Morgan Stanley et al . The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
of residential mortgage pass-through certificates with an original unpaid balance of approximately $11 billion. The complaint raised claims under federal and state securities laws and common law and sought, among other things, rescission and
compensatory and punitive damages. On February 7, 2014, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the litigation. On February 20, 2014, the court dismissed the action.  
 On April 25, 2012, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and certain affiliates filed a complaint against MS Co. and
certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  An amended complaint was filed on June 29, 2012, and alleged that the defendants made untrue statements and
material omissions in the sale to the plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten, and/or sold by
MS Co. was approximately $758 million. The amended complaint raised common law claims of fraud, fraudulent inducement, and aiding and abetting fraud and sought, among other things, rescission, compensatory, and/or rescissionary damages, as well
as punitive damages, associated with the plaintiffs  purchases of such certificates. On April 11, 2014, the parties entered into a settlement agreement.  
 On April 25, 2012, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and certain affiliates filed a complaint against
MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Superior Court of the State of New Jersey, styled  The Prudential Insurance Company of America, et al. v. Morgan Stanley, et al.  On October 16, 2012, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. The
amended complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiffs of certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans.
The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. was approximately $1.073 billion. The amended complaint raised claims under the New Jersey Uniform Securities Law, as well as common law claims of negligent
misrepresentation, fraud, fraudulent inducement, equitable fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, and violations of the New Jersey Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, and included a claim for treble damages. On January 8, 2016, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.     In re Morgan Stanley Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates
Litigation , which had been pending in the SDNY, was a putative class action involving allegations that, among other things, the registration statements and offering documents related to the offerings of certain mortgage pass-through certificates
in 2006 and 2007 contained false and misleading information concerning the pools of residential loans that backed these securitizations. On December 18, 2014, the parties  agreement to settle the litigation received final court approval,
and on December 19, 2014, the court entered an order dismissing the action.   On November 4, 2011, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation, as receiver for Franklin Bank S.S.B, filed two complaints against MS Co. in the District Court of the State of Texas. Each was styled  Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Franklin Bank, S.S.B v.
Morgan Stanley   Company LLC F/K/A Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc.  and alleged that MS Co. made untrue statements and material omissions in connection with the sale to plaintiff of mortgage pass-through certificates backed by
securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The amount of certificates allegedly underwritten and sold to plaintiff by MS Co. in these cases was approximately $67 million and $35 million, respectively. On July 2, 2015, the
parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation.    On February 14, 2013, Bank Hapoalim B.M. filed a complaint
against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the Supreme Court of NY, styled  Bank Hapoalim B.M. v. Morgan Stanley et al.  The complaint alleged that defendants made material misrepresentations and omissions in the sale to plaintiff of
certain mortgage pass-through certificates backed by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by MS Co. to plaintiff was approximately $141
million. On July 28, 2015, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation, and on August 12, 2015, the plaintiff filed a stipulation of discontinuance with prejudice.  
      42  

Table of Contents  

  On September 23, 2013, the plaintiff in  National Credit Union
Administration Board v. Morgan Stanley   Co. Inc., et al.  filed a complaint against MS Co. and certain affiliates in the SDNY. The complaint alleged that defendants made untrue statements of material fact or omitted to state
material facts in the sale to the plaintiff of certain mortgage pass-through certificates issued by securitization trusts containing residential mortgage loans. The total amount of certificates allegedly sponsored, underwritten and/or sold by
MS Co. to plaintiffs in the matter was approximately $417 million. The complaint alleged violations of federal and various state securities laws and sought, among other things, rescissionary and compensatory damages. On November 23, 2015,
the parties reached an agreement to settle the matter.    On September 16, 2014, the Virginia Attorney General s
Office filed a civil lawsuit, styled  Commonwealth of Virginia ex rel. Integra REC LLC v. Barclays Capital Inc., et al. , against MS Co. and several other defendants in the Circuit Court of the City of Richmond related to RMBS. The lawsuit
alleged that MS Co. and the other defendants knowingly made misrepresentations and omissions related to the loans backing RMBS purchased by the Virginia Retirement System. The complaint asserted claims under the Virginia Fraud Against Taxpayers
Act, as well as common law claims of actual and constructive fraud, and sought, among other things, treble damages and civil penalties. On January 6, 2016, the parties reached an agreement to settle the litigation. An order dismissing the
action with prejudice was entered on January 28, 2016.    Additional lawsuits containing claims similar to those
described above may be filed in the future. In the course of its business, MS Co., as a major futures commission merchant, is party to various civil actions, claims and routine regulatory investigations and proceedings that the General Partner
believes do not have a material effect on the business of MS Co. MS Co. may establish reserves from time to time in connections with such actions.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

     Item lA.   Risk Factors   
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item lA.,  Risk Factors  in the
Partnership s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and under Part II, Item lA.  Risk Factors  in the Partnership s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016
and June 30, 2016.       Item 2.     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds
    The public offering of Redeemable Units terminated on November 30, 2008.  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, there were no additional subscriptions. The Redeemable Units were issued in
reliance upon applicable exemptions from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Redeemable Units were purchased by accredited investors, as
defined in Regulation D. In determining the applicability of the exemption, the General Partner relied on the fact that the Redeemable Units were purchased by accredited investors in a private offering.  
 Proceeds from the sale of Redeemable Units are used for the trading of commodity interests including futures contracts, options
and forward contracts.    The following chart sets forth the purchases of Redeemable Units by the Partnership.  

* 
   Generally, limited partners are permitted to redeem their Redeemable Units as of the end of each month on
three business days  notice to the General Partner. Under certain circumstances, the General Partner can compel redemption, although to date the General Partner has not exercised this right. Purchases of Redeemable Units by the Partnership
reflected in the chart above were made in the ordinary course of the Partnership s business in connection with effecting redemptions for limited partners.     

** 
   Redemptions of Redeemable Units are effected as of the end of each month at the net asset value per Redeemable
Unit as of that day. No fee will be charged for redemptions.         

Item 3.  
          Defaults Upon Senior Securities -  None.     

Item 4.  
          Mine Safety Disclosures -  Not applicable.     

Item 5.  
          Other Information -  None.     
      44  

Table of Contents  

     Item 6.    Exhibits   

3.1 

Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of
New York (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 20, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a) 
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of
the State of New York, dated May 21, 2003 (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of
the State of New York, dated September 21, 2005 (filed as Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(c) 
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of
the State of New York, dated September 19, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 99.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(d) 
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of
the State of New York, dated September 28, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(e) 
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of
the State of New York, dated June 29, 2010 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(e) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(f) 
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of
the State of New York, dated September 2, 2011 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(g) 
    
   Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Limited Partnership as filed in the office of the Secretary of State of
the State of New York, dated August 7, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 3.1(g) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

3.2 

Limited Partnership Agreement (filed as Exhibit A to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on
Form S-1 filed on April 22, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a) 
    
   Amendment No. 1 to the Limited Partnership Agreement, dated May 31, 2009 (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Amendment No. 2 to the Limited Partnership Agreement dated as of August 8, 2014 and effective October 1, 2014 (filed as
Exhibit 3.2(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference)   

(c) 
    
   Amendment No. 3 to the Limited Partnership Agreement dated as of December 30, 2015 and effective January 1, 2016 (filed
as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.1 

Amended   Restated Commodity Futures Customer Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective September
24, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.1(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a) 
    
   U.S. Treasury Securities Purchase Authorization Agreement between the Partnership and MS Co., effective June 1, 2015
(filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.2 

Subscription Escrow Agreement among the General Partner, Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC and The Bank of New York (filed
as Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a) 
    
   Amendment No. 5 to the Escrow Agreement among The Bank of New York, the General Partner and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney
LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   
 
      45  

Table of Contents  

10.3 

Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Graham (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 20, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a) 
    
   Letter from the General Partner extending the Management Agreement with Graham from June 30, 2015 through June 30,
2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.3(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Amendment No. 1 to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Graham, effective April 1,
2014 (filed as Exhibit 10.3(b) to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.4 

Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Willowbridge (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the
Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 20, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a) 
    
   Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Willowbridge, effective January 1,
2013 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Letter from the General Partner extending the Management Agreement with Willowbridge from June 30, 2015 through June 30,
2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.4(b) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.5 

Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Aspect (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed on March 16, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a) 
    
   Letter from the General Partner extending Management Agreement with Aspect from June 30, 2015 through June 30, 2016
(filed as Exhibit 10.8(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.6 

Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Altis (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a) 
    
   Letter from the General Partner extending the Management Agreement with Altis from June 30, 2015 through June 30, 2016
(filed as Exhibit 10.9(a) to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(b) 
    
   Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Altis, effective August 1, 2015
(filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.7 

Amended and Restated Alternative Investment Selling Agent Agreement between the Partnership, the General Partner and
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, dated March 3, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on  Form 8-K  filed on March 8, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.8 

Form of Subscription Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2012
and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.9 

Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner, and JE Moody (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on August 7, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference).   

(a) 
    
   Amendment to the Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner, and JE Moody, effective January 1,
2016 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.10 

Amended   Restated Master Services Agreement by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and SS C
Technologies, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.11 

Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and Cambridge (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference).   

10.12 

Management Agreement among the Partnership, the General Partner and ISAM (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference).   
 
      46  

Table of Contents  

32.1 
     Section 1350 Certification (Certification of President and Director) (filed herewith).

32.2 
     Section 1350 Certification (Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director) (filed
herewith).            101. INS    XBRL Instance Document.  
      101. SCH   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  
      101. CAL   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  
      101. LAB   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.  
      101. PRE   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  
      101. DEF   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  
      47  

Table of Contents  

   SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

TACTICAL DIVERSIFIED FUTURES FUND L.P.   

By: 
   
 Ceres Managed Futures LLC  

(General Partner)  

By: 
   
   /s/ Patrick T. Egan   

Patrick T. Egan  

President and Director  

Date:         
   
 November 10, 2016  

By: 
   
   /s/ Steven Ross   

Steven Ross  

Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Accounting Officer)  

Date: 
   
 November 10, 2016  
 
      46  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d263392dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I,
Patrick T. Egan, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Patrick T.
Egan                                    
 
   Patrick T. Egan   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC 
 President and Director   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d263392dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS     I, Steven
Ross, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P.;

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;         

(c) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 10, 2016  

/s/ Steven
Ross                                         

Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d263392dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Patrick T. Egan, President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
  1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Patrick T. Egan                                   
 
 Patrick T. Egan  
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   President and
Director   
   Date: November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d263392dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P. (the  Partnership ) on Form 10-Q
for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Steven Ross, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:      

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934; and         

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Partnership.         

/s/ Steven
Ross                                        

Steven Ross   
 
   Ceres Managed Futures LLC   
 
   Chief Financial Officer and Director   
   Date: November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tdff-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tdff-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tdff-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tdff-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tdff-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tdff-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

