<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1142417_0001564590-16-028444_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18699322</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>126150</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>444498</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4270173</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7309978</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4305176</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-028444.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108202052
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-028444
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEXSTAR BROADCASTING GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001142417
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEVISION BROADCASTING STATIONS [4833]
		IRS NUMBER:				233083125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50478
		FILM NUMBER:		161982562

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		545 EAST JOHN CARPENTER FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75062
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-373-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		545 EAST JOHN CARPENTER FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75062

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-028444.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 nxst-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

nxst-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, DC 20549  
 FORM  10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 OR  

For the transition period from                     to                     .  
 Commission File Number: 000-50478  
 NEXSTAR BROADCASTING GROUP, INC.  
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

(972) 373-8800  
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that it was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one):  

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No          
 As of November 7, 2016, the registrant had 30,704,854 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page  

PART I  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  

Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and   December 31, 2015  

1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

2  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     

4  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

5  

ITEM 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

31  

ITEM 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    

41  

ITEM 4.  

Controls and Procedures    

42  

PART II  

OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  

Legal Proceedings    

42  

ITEM 1A.  

Risk Factors    

42  

ITEM 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

42  

ITEM 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

42  

ITEM 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures    

42  

ITEM 5.  

Other Information    

42  

ITEM 6.  

Exhibits    

43  

P  ART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

I  TEM 1.   
 
   Financial Statements     

 NEXSTAR BROADCASTING GROUP, INC.  
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (in thousands, except share information, unaudited)     

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

(1)   
 
  The consolidated total assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 include certain assets held by consolidated VIEs of $227.1 million and $119.9 million, respectively, which are not available to be used to settle the obligations of Nexstar. The consolidated total liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 include certain liabilities of consolidated VIEs of $38.0 million and $40.7 million, respectively, for which the creditors of the VIEs have no recourse to the general credit of Nexstar. See Note 2 for additional information.     

1 
 
     NEXSTAR BROADCASTING GROUP, INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (in thousands, except per share information, unaudited)  

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

2 
 
    NEXSTAR BROADCASTING GROUP, INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  
 (in thousands, except share information, unaudited)  

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

3 
 
    NEXSTAR BROADCASTING GROUP, INC.   
     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (in thousands, unaudited)  

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

4 
 
    NEXSTAR BROADCASTING GROUP, INC.   
     NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
   
 1.  Organization and Business Operations  
 As of September 30, 2016, Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries ( Nexstar ) owned, operated, programmed or provided sales and other services to 104 full power television stations, including those owned by variable interest entities ( VIEs ), in 62 markets in the states of Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New York, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia and Wisconsin. The stations are affiliates of ABC, NBC, FOX, CBS, The CW, MyNetworkTV and other broadcast television networks. Through various local service agreements, Nexstar provided sales, programming and other services to 30 full power television stations owned and/or operated by independent third parties. 
   
 2.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Principles of Consolidation  
 The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Nexstar and the accounts of independently-owned VIEs   for which Nexstar is the primary beneficiary. Nexstar and the consolidated VIEs are collectively referred to as the  Company.  Noncontrolling interests represent the VIE owners  share of the equity in the consolidated VIEs and are presented as a component separate from Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. stockholders  equity. All intercompany account balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Nexstar management evaluates each arrangement that may include variable interests and determines the need to consolidate an entity where it determines Nexstar is the primary beneficiary of a VIE in accordance with related authoritative literature and interpretive guidance. On August 2, 2016, Nexstar became the primary beneficiary of its variable interests in the stations currently owned by West Virginia Media Holdings, LLC ( WVMH ) and consolidated these stations as of that date. See Note 2 Variable Interest Entities for additional information. 
 The following are assets of consolidated VIEs that are not available to settle the obligations of Nexstar and liabilities of consolidated VIEs for which their creditors do not have recourse to the general credit of Nexstar (in thousands): 

Liquidity  
 Nexstar is highly leveraged, which makes it vulnerable to changes in general economic conditions. Nexstar s ability to repay or refinance its debt will depend on, among other things, financial, business, market, competitive and other conditions, many of which are beyond Nexstar s control.  
   
 5 
 
    Interim Financial Statements   
 The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited. However, in the opinion of management, such financial statements include all adjustments (consisting solely of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for the fair statement of the financial information included herein in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). The preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year. These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included in Nexstar s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements as of that date, but does not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. 
 Variable Interest Entities  
 Nexstar may determine that an entity is a VIE as a result of local service agreements entered into with the owner-operator of an entity. The term local service agreement generally refers to a contract between two separately owned television stations serving the same market, whereby the owner-operator of one station contracts with the owner-operator of the other station to provide it with administrative, sales and other services required for the operation of its station. Nevertheless, the owner-operator of each station retains control and responsibility for the operation of its station, including ultimate responsibility over all programming broadcast on its station. A local service agreement can be (1) a time brokerage agreement ( TBA ) which allows Nexstar to program most of a station s broadcast time, sell the station s advertising time and retain the advertising revenue generated in exchange for monthly payments, based on the station s monthly operating expenses, (2) a shared services agreement ( SSA ) which allows the Nexstar station in the market to provide services including news production, technical maintenance and security, in exchange for Nexstar s right to receive certain payments as described in the SSA, or (3) a joint sales agreement ( JSA ) which permits Nexstar to sell certain of the station s advertising time and retain a percentage of the related revenue, as described in the JSA. As of January 1, 2016, the Company adopted ASU No. 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810) - Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis , which did not change the consolidation status of any of the Company s VIEs. 
 Consolidated VIEs 
 Mission Broadcasting, Inc. ( Mission ), Marshall Broadcasting Group, Inc. ( Marshall ), White Knight Broadcasting ( White Knight ) and Parker Broadcasting of Colorado, LLC ( Parker ) are consolidated by Nexstar because Nexstar is deemed under U.S. GAAP to have controlling financial interests in these entities for financial reporting purposes as a result of (1) local service agreements Nexstar has with the stations owned by these entities, (2) Nexstar s guarantees of the obligations incurred under Mission s and Marshall s senior secured credit facilities (see Note 6), (3) Nexstar having power over significant activities affecting these entities  economic performance, including budgeting for advertising revenue, certain advertising sales and, for Mission, White Knight and Parker, hiring and firing of sales force personnel and (4) purchase options granted by Mission and White Knight which permit Nexstar to acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of each Mission and White Knight station, subject to Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) consent. 
 In connection with Nexstar s acquisition of four full power television stations from WVMH, Nexstar began providing programming and sales services to these stations through a TBA with WVMH effective December 1, 2015. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, Nexstar will pay an aggregate base fee of $7.5 million in equal monthly payments from the effective date through the final closing of the acquisition which is expected to occur at the end of 2016. Nexstar has determined that it has variable interests in the WVMH stations. However, if the acquisition is not consummated for reasons beyond the control of Nexstar and WVMH, the TBA will terminate no later than June 30, 2017. Thus, Nexstar previously determined that it was not the primary beneficiary of its variable interests on these stations. On August 2, 2016, Nexstar received approval from the FCC to acquire the stations  remaining assets. Due to this development, the acquisition becomes probable of occurring and Nexstar now holds the ultimate power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the stations  economic performance including developing the annual operating budget, advertising sales and oversight and control of sales force personnel. Therefore, Nexstar became the primary beneficiary of its variable interests and consolidated these stations as of August 2, 2016. See Note 3 for additional information. 
   
 6 
 
    The following table summarizes the various local service agreements Nexstar had in effect as of September 30, 2016 with Mission, Marshall, Parker, White Knight and WVMH:  

Service Agreements  

Owner  

Full Power Stations  

TBA Only  

Mission  

WFXP and KHMT  

Parker  

KFQX  

WVMH  

WOWK, WTRF, WVNS and WBOY  

SSA   JSA  

Mission  

KJTL, KLRT, KASN, KOLR, KCIT, KAMC, KRBC, KSAN, WUTR, WAWV, WYOU, KODE, WTVO, KTVE, WTVW and WVNY  

Marshall  

KLJB, KPEJ and KMSS  

White Knight  

WVLA, KFXK, KSHV  

Nexstar s ability to receive cash from Mission, Marshall, Parker, White Knight and the WVMH stations is governed by the local service agreements. Under these agreements, Nexstar has received substantially all of the consolidated VIEs  available cash, after satisfaction of operating costs and debt obligations. Nexstar anticipates it will continue to receive substantially all of the consolidated VIEs  available cash, after satisfaction of operating costs and debt obligations. In compliance with FCC regulations for all the parties, Mission, Marshall, Parker, White Knight and WVMH maintain complete responsibility for and control over programming, finances, personnel and operation of their stations. 
 The carrying amounts and classification of the assets and liabilities of the VIEs which have been included in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets were as follows (in thousands): 

7 
 
    Non-Consolidated VIEs  
 Nexstar has an outsourcing agreement with Cunningham Broadcasting Corporation ( Cunningham ), which continues through December 31, 2017. Under the outsourcing agreement, Nexstar provides certain engineering, production, sales and administrative services for WYZZ, the FOX affiliate in the Peoria, Illinois market, through WMBD, the Nexstar television station in that market. During the term of the outsourcing agreement, Nexstar retains the broadcasting revenue and related expenses of WYZZ and is obligated to pay a monthly fee based on the combined operating cash flow of WMBD and WYZZ, as defined in the agreement.  
   
 Nexstar has determined that it has a variable interest in WYZZ. Nexstar has evaluated its arrangements with Cunningham and has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of the variable interest in this station because it does not have the ultimate power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the station s economic performance, which we define as developing the annual operating budget, programming and oversight and control of sales management personnel. Therefore, Nexstar has not consolidated this station under authoritative guidance related to the consolidation of VIEs. Under the local service agreement for WYZZ, Nexstar pays for certain operating expenses, and therefore may have unlimited exposure to any potential operating losses. Nexstar s management believes that Nexstar s minimum exposure to loss under the WYZZ agreement consists of the fees paid to Cunningham. Additionally, Nexstar indemnifies the owners of WYZZ from and against all liability and claims arising out of or resulting from its activities, acts or omissions in connection with the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments Nexstar could be required to make for such indemnification is undeterminable at this time. 
   
 As discussed above, Nexstar previously determined that it was not the primary beneficiary of its variable interests in the stations currently owned by WVMH. On August 2, 2016, Nexstar became the primary beneficiary of its variable interests and consolidated these stations as of that date. 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Nexstar had balances in accounts payable of $0.2 million and $0.8 million, respectively, for fees under these arrangements and had receivables for advertising aired on these stations of $0.6 million and $1.0 million, respectively. Fees incurred under these arrangements of $0.2 million and $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $4.0 million and $0.5 million during each of the nine months then ended, were included in direct operating expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Financial Instruments  
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, broadcast rights, accounts payable, broadcast rights payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value due to their short-term nature.  
 On July 27, 2016, Nexstar Escrow Corporation ( Nexstar Escrow ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nexstar, completed the sale and issuance of $900.0 million of 5.625% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2024 at par (the  5.625% Notes ). The gross proceeds from these notes, plus Nexstar s pre-funding of $14.1 million interest, have been deposited into a segregated escrow account and invested into money market funds and government obligations which are valued using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1). These funds are restricted until certain conditions are satisfied, including the consummation of Nexstar s proposed merger with Media General, Inc. ( Media General ) (See Notes 3 and 6). As of September 30, 2016, the pre-funded interest is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and the gross proceeds from the notes plus the investment income earned are presented as non-current restricted cash in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 See Note 6 for fair value disclosures related to the Company s debt. 

8 
 
    Income Per Share   
   
 Basic income per share is computed by dividing the net income attributable to Nexstar by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares and potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares are calculated using the treasury stock method. They consist of stock options and restricted stock units outstanding during the period and reflect the potential dilution that could occur if common stock were issued upon exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units. The following table shows the amounts used in computing the Company s diluted shares (in thousands):  

Stock options and restricted stock units to acquire a weighted average of 224,000 shares and 879,000 shares for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 468,000 shares and 932,000 shares during each of the respective nine months then ended of Class A common stock were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share, because their impact would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company expects to be able to utilize the excess tax benefits related to stock option exercises that occurred in 2013 during the 2016 tax year.  This resulted in a recognition of $13.2 million of deferred tax assets through accumulated paid in capital during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 Basis of Presentation  
 Certain prior year financial statement amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on net income or stockholders  equity as previously reported. 
   
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  (ASU 2014-09), which updates the accounting guidance on revenue recognition. This standard is intended to provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, improve comparability of revenue recognition practices and improve disclosure requirements. The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Transition to the new guidance may be done using either a full or modified retrospective method. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of the accounting standard update.  
   
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05,  Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement  (ASU 2015-05). ASU 2015-05 provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes software. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The new guidance does not change the accounting for a customer s service contracts. The Company has applied the change in accounting prospectively as of January 1, 2016. The change in accounting principle did not have a significant impact on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or stockholders  equity. 
   
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  (ASU 2016-02). The new guidance requires the recording of assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet accompanied by enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures in the notes to the financial statements.  The new guidance is expected to provide transparency of information and comparability among organizations. ASU 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of the accounting standard update. 

9 
 
    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.   2016-07,   Investments   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting   (ASU 2016-07). The purpose of the amendment eliminates the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equit  y method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by step basis as if the equity method had been in ef  fect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. The amendments in ASU 2016-07 are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not expect the implementation of this standard to h  ave a material impact on its financial position or results of operations.   
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (ASU 2016-09). The standard is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the provisions of the accounting standard update. 
   
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations  (ASU 2016-08). The purpose of ASU 2016-08 is to clarify the implementation of guidance on principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  (ASU 2016-10), which clarifies the implementation guidance in identifying performance obligations in a contract and determining whether an entity s promise to grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the entity s intellectual property (which is satisfied at a point in time) or a right to access the entity s intellectual property (which is satisfied over time). In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  (ASU 2016-12). The standard amends guidance in the new revenue standard on collectibility, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition and are intended to address implementation issues that were raised by stakeholders and provide additional practical expedients. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 are the same as those for ASU 2014-09 discussed above. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these updates on its financial statements. 
   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force)  (ASU 2016-15). The amendments in ASU 2016-15 address eight specific cash flow issues and apply to all entities that are required to present a statement of cash flows under FASB Accounting Standards Codification 230, Statement of Cash Flows. The amendments in ASU 2016-15 are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption during an interim period. The Company does not expect the implementation of this standard to have a material impact on its statements of cash flows. 
   
 10 

3.  Acquisitions and Dispositions 
   
 WVMH  
   
 On November 16, 2015, Nexstar entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the assets of four CBS and NBC full power television stations from WVMH for $130.0 million in cash, subject to adjustments for working capital. The stations affiliated with CBS are WOWK in the Charleston-Huntington, West Virginia market, WTRF in the Wheeling, West Virginia-Steubenville, Ohio market and WVNS in the Bluefield-Beckley-Oak Hill, West Virginia market. WBOY in the Clarksburg-Weston, West Virginia market is affiliated with NBC. The acquisition will allow Nexstar entrance into these markets. Nexstar began providing programming and sales services to these stations pursuant to a TBA effective December 1, 2015 which will terminate upon completion of the acquisition. 
   
 On January 4, 2016, Nexstar completed the first closing of the transaction and acquired the stations  assets excluding certain transmission equipment, the FCC licenses and network affiliation agreements for $65.0 million, including a deposit paid upon signing the purchase agreement of $6.5 million, all funded through a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under Nexstar s revolving credit facility (See Note 6). 
   
 Subject to final determination, which is expected to occur within twelve months of the acquisition date, the provisional fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the first closing are as follows (in thousands): 

Other intangible assets are amortized over an estimated weighted average useful life of three years.  
   
 The arrangement with WVMH allows Nexstar to return the assets acquired in the first closing if the second closing cannot be completed for reasons beyond the control of Nexstar and WVMH. Since not all assets needed to operate the stations were acquired in January 2016, the first closing does not represent an acquisition of a business. Thus, the excess of total payments in the first closing over the provisional fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was considered a deposit. 
   
 As discussed in Note 2, Nexstar became the primary beneficiary of its variable interests in WVMH s stations upon receiving FCC approval on August 2, 2016 to acquire the stations  remaining assets. Therefore, Nexstar has consolidated these assets under authoritative guidance related to the consolidation of VIEs as of this date. Subject to final determination, which is expected to occur within twelve months of the acquisition date, the provisional fair values of the remaining assets consolidated are as follows (in thousands): 

The fair value assigned to goodwill is attributable to future expense reductions utilizing management s leverage in programming and other station operating costs. The goodwill and FCC licenses are deductible for tax purposes. The intangible assets related to the network affiliation agreements are amortized over 15 years. 
   
 11 
 
    The consolidation of the remaining assets of the WVMH stations resulted in non-controlling interests of $108.5 million, representing the estimated fair value attributable to the owners.  
   
 The remaining purchase price of $65.0 million is expected to be funded through cash generated from operations prior to the second closing and borrowings under Nexstar s senior secured credit facility which is expected to occur at the end of 2016. Transaction costs relating to this acquisition, including legal and professional fees of $0.1 million, were expensed as incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 The stations  net revenue of $9.0 million and operating income of $1.5 million from August 2, 2016 to September 30, 2016 have been included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
   
 Reiten 
   
 On February 1, 2016, Nexstar completed the acquisition of the assets of four full power television stations from Reiten Television, Inc. ( Reiten ) for $44.0 million in cash, funded by a combination of cash on hand and borrowings under Nexstar s revolving credit facility (See Note 6). The purchase price includes a $2.2 million deposit paid by Nexstar upon signing the purchase agreement in September 2015. The stations, all affiliated with CBS at acquisition, are KXMA, KXMB, KXMC and KXMD in the Minot-Bismarck-Dickinson, North Dakota market. KXMA, KXMB and KXMD are satellite stations of KXMC. This acquisition allows Nexstar entrance into this market. Transaction costs relating to this acquisition, including legal and professional fees of $0.1 million, were expensed as incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
   
 Subject to final determination, which is expected to occur within twelve months of the acquisition date, the provisional fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition are as follows (in thousands):  

The fair value assigned to goodwill is attributable to future expense reductions utilizing management s leverage in programming and other station operating costs. The goodwill and FCC licenses are deductible for tax purposes. The intangible assets related to the network affiliation agreements are amortized over 15 years. Other intangible assets are amortized over an estimated weighted average useful life of two and a half years. 
   
 The stations  net revenue of $2.6 million and break-even from operations during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and net revenue of $8.1 million and operating income of $0.7 million from the date of acquisition to September 30, 2016 have been included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
   
 12 
 
    KCWI  
 On March 14, 2016, Nexstar completed the acquisition of the assets of KCWI, the CW affiliate in the Des Moines-Ames, Iowa market, from Pappas Telecasting of Iowa, LLC ( Pappas ) for $3.9 million. A deposit of $0.2 million was paid upon signing the purchase agreement in October 2014. No significant transaction costs relating to this acquisition were incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
   
 Subject to final determination, which is expected to occur within twelve months of the acquisition date, the provisional fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquisition are as follows (in thousands):  

The fair value assigned to goodwill is attributable to future expense reductions utilizing management s leverage in programming and other station operating costs. The goodwill and FCC licenses are deductible for tax purposes. 
   
 KCWI s net revenue of $1.2 million and operating income of $1.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and net revenue of $2.0 million and operating income of $1.8 million from the date of acquisition to September 30, 2016 have been included in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
   
 Kixer 
   
 In October 2015, Lakana LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nexstar, acquired Kixer, Inc. ( Kixer ) from Centrility, LLC, Keith Bonnici and Know Media, LLC. In addition to the base purchase price that Nexstar paid in October 2015, the sellers could also receive up to $7.0 million in cash payments if certain revenue targets are met during the year 2016 (the  Earnout Payments ). In September 2016, payments totaling $2.0 million were made to the sellers under this arrangement. The estimated fair value of remaining obligations under the Earnout Payments was $4.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and $3.0 million as of December 31, 2015, included in accrued expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The increases in the accrual is attributable to periodic re-measurement of the estimated fair value which have been included in selling, general and administrative expense, excluding depreciation and amortization in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
   
 Unaudited Pro Forma Information  
   
 The acquisitions of four full power television stations from Reiten, four full power television stations from WVMH, KCWI from Pappas and Kixer from Centrility, LLC, Keith Bonnici and Know Media, LLC are not significant for financial reporting purposes, both individually and in aggregate. Therefore, pro forma information has not been provided for these acquisitions. 

13 
 
    Future Acquisition  
   
 Media General 
   
 On January 27, 2016, Nexstar entered into a definitive merger agreement with Media General, whereby Nexstar will acquire the latter s outstanding equity for $10.55 per share in cash and 0.1249 of a share of Nexstar s Class A common stock for each Media General share. The terms of the agreement also include potential additional consideration to Media General shareholders in the form of a non-transferable contingent value right ( CVR ) for each Media General share entitling Media General shareholders to net cash proceeds, if any, from the sale of Media General s spectrum in the FCC s spectrum auction. Depending on the timing of the FCC auction, the CVR may be issued before or at the time of the merger. Each unvested Media General stock option outstanding prior to the completion of the merger will become fully vested and will be converted into an option to purchase Nexstar s Class A common stock, pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement. Additionally, unless the CVR has been issued prior to the completion of the merger, the holders of Media General stock options will also be entitled to one CVR for each share subject to the Media General stock option immediately prior to the completion of the merger. All other equity-based awards of Media General that are outstanding prior to the merger will vest in full and will be converted into the right to receive the cash, stock and contingent consideration as described above, subject to the terms of the merger agreement. The total consideration for this proposed acquisition is approximately $2.3 billion in cash and stock, estimated based on Nexstar s Class A common stock market price per share of $57.71 on September 30, 2016 and Media General s diluted common shares outstanding, plus the potential CVR. It is estimated that the existing Nexstar shareholders will own approximately 66% and Media General shareholders will own approximately 34% of the combined company s outstanding shares after closing. The transaction costs relating to this proposed acquisition, including legal and professional fees of $0.9 million and $7.1 million, were expensed as incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 
   
 The merger agreement contains certain termination rights for both Nexstar and Media General. If the merger agreement is terminated in connection with Media General entering into a definitive agreement for a superior proposal, as well as under certain other circumstances, the termination fee payable to Nexstar will be $80.0 million. The merger agreement also provides that Nexstar will be required to pay a termination fee to Media General of $80.0 million if the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances. Either party may terminate the merger agreement if the merger is not consummated on or before January 27, 2017, with an automatic extension to April 27, 2017, if necessary to obtain regulatory approval under circumstances specified in the merger agreement. 
   
 Nexstar received committed financing up to a maximum of $4.7 billion from a group of commercial banks to provide the debt financing in the form of credit facilities and notes to consummate the merger and to refinance certain existing indebtedness of the Company and Media General. The debt refinancing will include the outstanding obligations under the Company s term loans and revolving credit facilities. On July 27, 2016, Nexstar Escrow completed the sale and issuance of $900.0 million of 5.625% Notes at par. The proceeds, which were deposited into a segregated escrow account, are expected to be used to partially finance the merger and to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar and Media General at closing. See Note 6 for additional information with respect to these notes. 
   
 On June 8, 2016, the merger was approved by the shareholders of both companies. The merger is subject to FCC regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. In order to comply with the FCC s local television ownership rule, to meet the U.S. television household national ownership cap and to obtain FCC and Department of Justice approval of the proposed merger, Nexstar entered into various definitive agreements in May and June 2016 to sell: (i) the assets of two television stations in two markets to Graham Media Group, Inc. for a total consideration of $120.0 million, plus working capital adjustments, (ii) the assets of two stations in one market to Bayou City Broadcasting Lafayette, Inc. for $40.0 million in cash, plus working capital adjustments, (iii) the assets of one station to Marquee Broadcasting, Inc. for $350 thousand in cash, (iv) the assets of two television stations in two markets to Gray Television Group, Inc. for $270.0 million in cash, plus working capital adjustments, (v) the assets of five stations in five markets to USA Television MidAmerican Holdings, LLC (an affiliate of MSouth Equity Partners and Heartland Media, LLC) for $115.0 million in cash, plus working capital adjustments, and (vi) certain assets of one station to Ramar Communications, Inc. for $2.5 million in cash, plus working capital adjustments. Six of the proposed station divestitures are currently owned by Nexstar and seven are currently owned by Media General. The proceeds are expected to be used to partially finance the merger and the refinancing of certain existing indebtedness of the Company and Media General at closing. 
   
 Upon completion of the merger, the required divestitures and the debt refinancing, which are all expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016, the combined company will be named Nexstar Media Group, Inc. 
   
 14 

4.  Intangible Assets and Goodwill  
 Intangible assets subject to amortization consisted of the following (in thousands):  

The increases in network affiliation agreements and other definite-lived intangible assets relate to Nexstar s acquisitions as discussed in Note 3. 
   
 The following table presents the Company s estimate of amortization expense for the remainder of 2016, each of the five succeeding years ended December 31 and thereafter for definite-lived intangible assets as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

The amounts recorded to goodwill and FCC licenses were as follows (in thousands): 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization, but are tested for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that such assets might be impaired. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not identify any events that would trigger impairment assessment.  
   
 5.  Accrued Expenses  
 Accrued expenses consisted of the following (in thousands):  

15 
 
    6.  Debt   
 Long-term debt consisted of the following (in thousands):  

2016 Transactions  
 In January and February 2016, Nexstar borrowed a total of $58.0 million under its revolving credit facility to partially fund the Reiten and WVMH acquisitions discussed in Note 3. Through September 2016, Nexstar fully repaid the $58.0 million outstanding principal balance under its revolving credit facility funded by cash on hand. 
 Through September 2016, Nexstar, Mission and Marshall paid the contractual maturities under their senior secured credit facilities totaling $15.1 million. 
 On July 27, 2016, Nexstar Escrow completed the issuance and sale of $900.0 million of 5.625% Notes at par. These notes will mature on August 1, 2024 and interest is payable semiannually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning on February 1, 2017. The gross proceeds of the 5.625% Notes, plus Nexstar s pre-funding of $14.1 million interest, have been deposited into a segregated escrow account which cannot be utilized until certain conditions are satisfied. Among other things, such conditions include the consummation of the Nexstar and Media General merger and the assumption by Nexstar of all of the obligations of Nexstar Escrow under the 5.625% Notes, which are all expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016 (collectively, the  Escrow Release Conditions ). Following satisfaction of the Escrow Release Conditions, the proceeds from the 5.625% Notes will be used to partially finance the merger, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar and Media General, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. If the merger is not consummated on or prior to April 27, 2017, or if the merger agreement is terminated, the 5.625% Notes are subject to a special mandatory redemption equal to the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, from the issue date of the 5.625% Notes up to, but not including, the date of such special mandatory redemption.  
 Prior to the consummation of the Nexstar and Media General merger, the 5.625% Notes will not be guaranteed, but will be secured by a first-priority security interest in the escrow account and all deposits and investment property therein. Following satisfaction of the Escrow Release Conditions, the 5.625% Notes will be senior unsecured obligations of Nexstar and will be guaranteed by Mission and certain of Nexstar s and Mission s future wholly-owned subsidiaries, subject to certain customary release provisions. The 5.625% Notes will be junior to the secured debt of the Company, including the Nexstar, Mission and Marshall senior secured credit facilities, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. The 5.625% Notes will rank equal to Nexstar s 6.875% senior unsecured notes due 2020 (the  6.875% Notes ) and 6.125% senior unsecured notes due 2022 (the  6.125% Notes ). 
 Nexstar recorded $15.8 million in legal, professional and underwriting fees related to the issuance of the 5.625% Notes, which were capitalized as debt finance costs and are amortized over the term of the 5.625% Notes. Debt financing costs are netted against the carrying amount of the related debt. 
 Unused Commitments and Borrowing Availability  
 The Company had $103.0 million of total unused revolving loan commitments under its amended senior secured credit facilities, all of which was available for borrowing, based on the covenant calculations as of September 30, 2016. The Company s ability to access funds under its senior secured credit facilities depends, in part, on its compliance with certain financial covenants. As of September 30, 2016, Nexstar was in compliance with its financial covenants. 
   
 16 
 
    Collateralizat  ion and Guarantees of Debt   
 The Company s senior secured credit facilities are collateralized by a security interest in substantially all the combined assets, excluding FCC licenses and the other assets of consolidated VIEs unavailable to creditors of Nexstar (See Note 2). Nexstar guarantees full payment of all obligations incurred under the Mission and Marshall senior secured credit facilities in the event of their default. Similarly, Mission and Marshall are guarantors of the Nexstar senior secured credit facility. Mission is also a guarantor of Nexstar s 6.875% Notes, 6.125% Notes and 5.625% Notes. 
 Fair Value of Debt  
 The aggregate carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company s debt were as follows (in thousands):  

(1)   
 
 The fair value of senior secured credit facilities is computed based on borrowing rates currently available to the Company for bank loans with similar terms and average maturities. These fair value measurements are considered Level 3, as significant inputs to the fair value calculation are unobservable in the market.       

(2)   
 
 The fair value of the Company s fixed rate debt is estimated based on bid prices obtained from an investment banking firm that regularly makes a market for these financial instruments. These fair value measurements are considered Level 2, as quoted market prices are available for low volume trading of these securities.       

7.  FCC Regulatory Matters  
   
 Television broadcasting is subject to the jurisdiction of the FCC under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the  Communications Act ). The Communications Act prohibits the operation of television broadcasting stations except under a license issued by the FCC, and empowers the FCC, among other things, to issue, revoke, and modify broadcasting licenses, determine the location of television stations, regulate the equipment used by television stations, adopt regulations to carry out the provisions of the Communications Act and impose penalties for the violation of such regulations. The FCC s ongoing rule making proceedings could have a significant future impact on the television industry and on the operation of the Company s stations and the stations to which it provides services. In addition, the U.S. Congress may act to amend the Communications Act or adopt other legislation in a manner that could impact the Company s stations, the stations to which it provides services and the television broadcast industry in general.  
   
 The FCC has adopted rules with respect to the final conversion of existing low power and television translator stations to digital operations, which must be completed within 51 months after the completion of the broadcast television incentive auction. 
   
 Media Ownership  
   
 The FCC is required to review its media ownership rules every four years and to eliminate those rules it finds no longer serve the  public interest, convenience and necessity.   
   
 In August 2016, the FCC adopted a Second Report and Order (the  2016 Ownership Order ) concluding the agency s 2010 and 2014 quadrennial reviews.  The 2016 Ownership Order (1) retains the existing local television ownership rule and radio/television cross-ownership rule (with minor technical modifications to address the transition to digital television broadcasting), (2) extends the current ban on common ownership of two top-four television stations in a market to network affiliation swaps, (3) retains the existing ban on newspaper/broadcast cross-ownership in local markets while considering waivers and providing an exception for failed or failing entities, (4) retains the existing dual network rule and (5) defines a category of sharing agreements designated as SSAs between stations and requires public disclosure of those SSAs (while not considering them attributable). 
   
 In March 2014, the FCC adopted a rule making television JSAs attributable to the seller of advertising time in certain circumstances. Under this rule, where a party owns a full-power television station in a market and sells more than 15% of the weekly advertising time for another, non-owned station in the same market under a JSA, that party was deemed to have an attributable interest in the latter station for purposes of the local television ownership rule. Parties to newly attributable JSAs that did not comply with the local television ownership rule were given two years to modify or terminate their JSAs to come into compliance. However, subsequent federal legislation extended the JSA compliance deadline until September 30, 2025.  
 17 
 
    In May 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit issued a decision that vacated the JSA attribution rule and remanded it to the FCC.  The court determined that the FCC had violated the Communications Act by adopting the JSA attribut  ion rule without determining, through the quadrennial review process, that the underlying local television ownership rule remains in the public interest.  In its 2016 Ownership Order, however, the FCC reimposed the JSA attribution rule while extending the   compliance period for pre-March 2014 JSAs to September 30, 2025.  If Nexstar is required to modify or terminate its JSAs or other local service agreements, it could lose some or all of the revenues generated from those arrangements due to the reduction in   audience reach to its advertisers and receipt of less revenues from them.  The FCC s 2016 Ownership Order is subject to appeal.  
 The FCC s media ownership rules limit the percentage of U.S. television households which a party may reach through its attributable interests in television stations to 39% on a nationwide basis.  Historically, the FCC has counted the ownership of an ultra-high frequency ( UHF ) station as reaching only 50% of a market s percentage of total national audience. On August 24, the FCC adopted a Report and Order abolishing the UHF discount for the purposes of a licensee s determination of compliance with the 39% national cap.  This rule change became effective October 24, 2016. Nexstar is in compliance with the 39% national cap limitation and will remain in compliance upon completion of the merger with Media General. 
   
 Spectrum  
   
 The FCC is seeking to make additional spectrum available to meet future wireless broadband needs. In February 2012, the U.S. Congress adopted legislation authorizing the FCC to conduct an incentive auction whereby television broadcasters could voluntarily relinquish their spectrum in exchange for consideration. The FCC has released various orders and public notices which set forth procedures for the incentive auction and the subsequent  repacking  of broadcast television spectrum and resolve various technical and other issues related to the incentive auction, the possible sharing of channels by television stations, and the repurposing of television spectrum for broadband use.  The incentive auction commenced on March 29, 2016 and is ongoing.  Nexstar and certain of its local service agreement partners filed applications to participate in the incentive auction. The reallocation of television spectrum for wireless broadband use will require many television stations to change channel or otherwise modify their technical facilities after the incentive auction concludes.  The FCC has solicited comment on a proposed schedule for this transition. The reallocation of television spectrum to broadband use may be to the detriment of the Company s investment in digital facilities, could require substantial additional investment to continue current operations, and may require viewers to invest in additional equipment or subscription services to continue receiving broadcast television signals. The Company cannot predict the impact of the incentive auction and subsequent repacking on its business. 
   
 Retransmission Consent  
   
 On March 3, 2011, the FCC initiated a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking to reexamine its rules (i) governing the requirements for good faith negotiations between multichannel video program distributors ( MVPDs ) and broadcasters, including implementing a prohibition on one station negotiating retransmission consent terms for another station under a local service agreement; (ii) for providing advance notice to consumers in the event of dispute; and (iii) to extend certain cable-only obligations to all MVPDs. The FCC also asked for comment on eliminating the network non-duplication and syndicated exclusivity protection rules, which may permit MVPDs to import out-of-market television stations during a retransmission consent dispute.  
   
 In March 2014, the FCC adopted a rule that prohibits joint retransmission consent negotiation between television stations in the same market which are not commonly owned and which are ranked among the top four stations in the market in terms of audience share.  On December 5, 2014, federal legislation extended the joint negotiation prohibition to all non-commonly owned television stations in a market. This new rule requires Mission and other independent third parties with which Nexstar has local service agreements to separately negotiate retransmission consent agreements. The December 2014 legislation also directed the FCC to commence a rulemaking to  review its totality of the circumstances test for good faith [retransmission consent] negotiations.   The FCC commenced this proceeding in September 2015 and comments and reply comments have been submitted.  In July 2016, the Chairman of the FCC publicly announced that the agency would not adopt additional rules in this proceeding. 
   
 Concurrently with its adoption of the prohibition on certain joint retransmission consent negotiations, the FCC also adopted a further notice of proposed rulemaking which seeks additional comment on the elimination or modification of the network non-duplication and syndicated exclusivity rules. The FCC s prohibition on certain joint retransmission consent negotiations and its possible elimination or modification of the network non-duplication and syndicated exclusivity protection rules may affect the Company s ability to sustain its current level of retransmission consent revenues or grow such revenues in the future and could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company cannot predict the resolution of the FCC s network non-duplication and syndicated exclusivity proposals, or the impact of these proposals or the FCC s prohibition on certain joint negotiations, on its business. 
   
 18 
 
    Further, certain online video distributors and other over-the-top video distributors ( OTTDs ) have begun streaming broadcast programming over the Internet. In June 2014, the U.S. Supreme   Court held that an OTTD s retransmissions of broadcast television signals without the consent of the broadcast station violate copyright holders  exclusive right to perform their works publicly as provided under the Copyright Act. In December 2014, the FCC   issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking proposing to interpret the term  MVPD  to encompass OTTDs that make available for purchase multiple streams of video programming distributed at a prescheduled time, and seeking comment on the effects of applying MVPD   rules to such OTTDs. Comments and reply comments were filed in the first and second quarters of 2015 and the Company cannot predict the outcome of the proceeding. However, if the FCC ultimately determines that an OTTD is not an MVPD, or declines to apply   certain rules governing MVPDs to OTTDs, the Company s business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.  
   
 8.  Commitments and Contingencies  
 Guarantees of Mission and Marshall Debt  
 Nexstar guarantees full payment of all obligations incurred under Mission s and Marshall s senior secured credit facilities. In the event that Mission and/or Marshall are unable to repay amounts due, Nexstar will be obligated to repay such amounts. The maximum potential amount of future payments that Nexstar would be required to make under these guarantees would be generally limited to the amount of borrowings outstanding. As of September 30, 2016, Mission had a maximum commitment of $232.2 million under its senior secured credit facility, of which $224.2 million of debt was outstanding, and Marshall had used all of its commitment and had outstanding debt obligations of $54.5 million. 
 Indemnification Obligations  
 In connection with certain agreements into which the Company enters in the normal course of its business, including local service agreements, business acquisitions and borrowing arrangements, the Company enters into contractual arrangements under which the Company agrees to indemnify the other party to such arrangement from losses, claims and damages incurred by the indemnified party for certain events as defined within the particular contract. Such indemnification obligations may not be subject to maximum loss clauses and the maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification arrangements may be unlimited. Historically, payments made related to these indemnifications have been immaterial and the Company has not incurred significant costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements.  
 Litigation  
 From time to time, the Company is involved with claims that arise out of the normal course of its business. In the opinion of management, any resulting liability with respect to these claims would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
   
 19 

9.  Segment Data 
   
 The Company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on net revenue and operating income. The Company s broadcast segment includes television stations and related community focused websites that Nexstar owns, operates, programs or provides sales and other services to in various markets across the United States. The other activities of the Company include corporate functions, eliminations and other insignificant operations. 
   
 Segment financial information is included in the following tables for the periods presented (in thousands): 

20 
 
    10.  Condensed Consolidating Financial Information   
   
 The following condensed consolidating financial information presents the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company, including its wholly-owned subsidiaries and its consolidated VIEs. This information is presented in lieu of separate financial statements and other related disclosures pursuant to Regulation S-X Rule 3-10 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,  Financial Statements of Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities Registered or Being Registered.  
   
 The Nexstar column presents the parent company s financial information, excluding consolidating entities. The Nexstar Broadcasting column presents the financial information of Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. ( Nexstar Broadcasting ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nexstar and issuer of the 6.875% Notes and the 6.125% Notes. The Mission column presents the financial information of Mission, an entity which Nexstar Broadcasting is required to consolidate as a VIE (see Note 2). The Non-Guarantors column presents the combined financial information of Enterprise Technology LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nexstar, and other VIEs consolidated by Nexstar Broadcasting (See Note 2). 
   
 Nexstar Broadcasting s outstanding 6.875% Notes and 6.125% Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by Nexstar and Mission, subject to certain customary release provisions. These notes are not guaranteed by any other entities.  
 21 
 
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET   
 As of September 30, 2016  
 (in thousands)  

22 
 
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET   
 As of December 31, 2015  
 (in thousands)  

23 
 
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS   
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2016  
 (in thousands)  

24 
 
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS   
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  
 (in thousands)  

25 
 
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS   
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
 (in thousands) 

26 
 
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATE  MENT OF OPERATIONS   
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
 (in thousands) 

27 
 
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEM  ENT OF CASH FLOWS   
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
 (in thousands)  

28 
 
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATE  MENT OF CASH FLOWS   
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
 (in thousands)  

29 
 
    11.  Subsequent Events   
 On October 20, 2016, Nexstar s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.24 per share of its Class A common stock. The dividend is payable on November 18, 2016 to stockholders of record on November 4, 2016. 

30 

I  TEM 2.   
 
          Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations      

 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
   
 As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and unless the context indicates otherwise,  Nexstar  refers to Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries;  Nexstar Broadcasting  refers to Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc., our wholly-owned direct subsidiary; the  Company  refers to Nexstar and the variable interest entities ( VIEs ) required to be consolidated in our financial statements; and all references to  we,   our,   ours,  and  us  refer to Nexstar.  
 As a result of our deemed controlling financial interests in Mission, White Knight, Marshall, Parker and the WVMH stations in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we consolidate the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of these consolidated VIEs as if they were wholly-owned entities. We believe this presentation is meaningful for understanding our financial performance. Refer to Note 2 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our determinations of VIE consolidation under the related authoritative guidance. Therefore, the following discussion of our financial position and results of operations includes the consolidated VIEs  financial position and results of operations. 
 Executive Summary  
 2016 Highlights  

Net revenue during the third quarter of 2016 increased by $52.6 million, or 23.6% compared to the same period in 2015. The increase in net revenue was primarily due to incremental revenue from our newly acquired stations and entities and stations contracted with to provide programming and sales services of $20.1 million, an increase in advertising on our legacy stations of $21.3 million as 2016 is a political year, and an increase in retransmission compensation on our legacy stations of $12.2 million.     

For each of the three quarters during 2016, our Board of Directors declared dividends of $0.24 per share of Nexstar s outstanding common stock, or total dividend payments of $22.1 million.     

 Acquisitions  

Acquisition Date   
 
  Purchase Price   

North Dakota  
 
 February 1, 2016  
 
 $44.0 million in cash  
 
 Four CBS affiliated full power television stations in the Minot-Bismarck-Dickinson, ND market  

Des Moines  
 
 March 14, 2016  
 
 $3.9 million in cash  
 
 The CW affiliate in the Des Moines-Ames, Iowa market  

West Virginia  
 
 1 st  closing on January 4, 2016 
   
 2 nd  closing in Q4 2016  
 
 $130.0 million in cash, plus working capital adjustments  
 
 Three CBS and one NBC affiliated full power television stations in four markets.  

Media General  
 
 Q4 2016  
 
 Estimated $2.3 billion in cash and stock consideration, plus the potential CVR  
 
 Media General currently owns, operates or provides services to 71 television stations in 48 markets  

We paid $65.0 million for our West Virginia acquisition as of the first closing and the remaining $65.0 million is expected to be funded through cash generated from operations prior to the second closing and borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. On August 2, 2016, we received approval from the FCC to acquire the stations  remaining assets. We also obtained controlling financial interest in these stations and consolidated these assets as of that date. 
 Our proposed merger with Media General is subject to FCC and other regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. To comply with the FCC s local television ownership rule, to meet the U.S. television household national ownership cap and to obtain FCC and Department of Justice approval of the proposed merger, we entered into various definitive agreements in May and June 2016 to sell 13 stations in 12 markets for a total consideration of $547.8 million, plus working capital adjustments. We currently own six of the proposed station divestitures and seven stations are currently owned by Media General. The proceeds are expected to be used to partially finance the merger and the refinancing of certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar and Media General. On June 8, 2016, the merger was approved by both our and Media General s shareholders. 
   
 31 
 
    We have received committed financing up to a maximum of $4.7 billion from a group of commercial banks to provide the debt financing in the form of credit facil  ities and notes to consummate the merger, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of the Company and Media General, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. The debt refinancing will include the outstanding obligations under   the Company s term loans and revolving credit facilities.  
 See Note 3 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for additional information with respect to the above acquisitions. 
 Debt transactions  

In January and February 2016, we borrowed a total of $58.0 million under our revolving credit facility to partially fund the North Dakota and West Virginia acquisitions. Through September 2016, we fully repaid the $58.0 million outstanding principal balance under our revolving credit facility funded by cash on hand.      

Through September 2016, we, Mission and Marshall paid the contractual maturities under each of our term loans totaling $15.1 million.     

On July 27, 2016, Nexstar Escrow completed the issuance and sale of $900.0 million of 5.625% Notes at par. These notes will mature on August 1, 2024 and interest is payable semiannually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning on February 1, 2017. The gross proceeds of the 5.625% Notes, plus our pre-funding of $14.1 million interest, have been deposited into a segregated escrow account which cannot be utilized until the Escrow Release Conditions of the 5.625% Notes are satisfied. Among other things, the Escrow Release Conditions include the consummation of our merger with Media General and our assumption of all of the obligations of Nexstar Escrow under the 5.625% Notes, which are all expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016. Following satisfaction of the Escrow Release Conditions, the proceeds from the 5.625% Notes will be used to partially finance the merger, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar and Media General, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. If the merger is not consummated on or prior to April 27, 2017, or if the merger agreement is terminated, the 5.625% Notes are subject to a special mandatory redemption equal to the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, from the issue date of the 5.625% Notes up to, but not including, the date of such special mandatory redemption.     

Overview of Operations  
 As of September 30, 2016, we owned, operated, programmed or provided sales and other services to 104 full power television stations, including those owned by the VIEs, in 62 markets in the states of Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New York, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia and Wisconsin. The stations are affiliates of ABC, NBC, FOX, CBS, The CW, MyNetworkTV and other broadcast television networks. Through various local service agreements, we provided sales, programming and other services to 30 full power television stations owned and/or operated by independent third parties, including stations owned by Mission, Marshall, White Knight, Parker and WVMH. See Note 2 Variable Interest Entities to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q for a discussion of the local service agreements we have with these independent third parties. 
 We also guarantee all obligations incurred under Mission s and Marshall s senior secured credit facilities. Similarly, Mission and Marshall are guarantors of our senior secured credit facility. Mission is also a guarantor of our 6.875% Notes, 6.125% Notes and 5.625% Notes but Marshall is not a guarantor of these notes. In consideration of our guarantee of Mission s senior secured credit facility, Mission has granted us purchase options to acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of each Mission station, subject to FCC consent, for an amount equal to the greater of (1) seven times the station s cash flow, as defined in the option agreement, less the amount of its indebtedness, as defined in the option agreement, or (2) the amount of its indebtedness. Additionally, we have an option to purchase any or all of Mission s stock, subject to FCC consent, for a price equal to the pro rata portion of the greater of (1) five times the Mission stations  cash flow, as defined in the agreement, reduced by the amount of indebtedness, as defined in the agreement, or (2) $100,000. These option agreements (which expire on various dates between 2017 and 2024) are freely exercisable or assignable by us without consent or approval by Mission or its shareholders. We expect these option agreements to be renewed upon expiration.  
 We do not own Mission, Marshall, Parker, White Knight, WVMH or their television stations. However, we are deemed under U.S. GAAP to have controlling financial interests in these entities because of (1) the local service agreements Nexstar has with their stations, (2) our guarantees of the obligations incurred under Mission s and Marshall s senior secured credit facilities, (3) our power over significant activities affecting these entities  economic performance, including budgeting for advertising revenue, advertising sales and, for Mission, Parker, White Knight and WVMH, hiring and firing of sales force personnel and (4) purchase options granted by Mission and White Knight that permit Nexstar to acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of each Mission and White Knight station, subject to FCC consent. In compliance with FCC regulations for all the parties, each of Mission, Marshall, Parker, White Knight and WVMH maintains complete responsibility for and control over programming, finances and personnel for their stations. 
   
 32 
 
    Regulatory Developments   
 As a television broadcaster, the Company is highly regulated and its operations require that it obtain or renew a variety of government approvals and comply with changing federal regulations. In 2014, the FCC modified its television ownership rules such that a television station licensee that sells more than 15 percent of the weekly advertising inventory of another television station in the same Designated Market Area was deemed to have an attributable ownership interest in that station. On May 25, 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit issued a decision that vacated the JSA attribution rule and remanded it to the FCC.  The FCC, however, reimposed the JSA attribution rule in August 2016, while giving parties to pre-March 2014 JSAs that do not comply with the local television ownership rule until September 30, 2025 to come into compliance.  If the Company is required to terminate or modify its JSAs or other local service agreements, it could lose some or all of the revenues generated from those arrangements due to the reduction in audience reach to its advertisers and receipt of less revenues from them. 
 In March 2014, the FCC s Media Bureau issued a public notice announcing  processing guidelines  for certain pending and future applications for FCC approval of television station acquisitions. The public notice indicates that the FCC will  closely scrutinize  applications which propose a JSA, SSA or local marketing agreement ( LMA ) between television stations, combined with an option, a similar  contingent interest,  or a loan guarantee. These new processing guidelines have impacted the Company s previously announced acquisitions and may affect the Company s acquisition of additional stations in the future. 
 Also in March 2014, the FCC amended its rules governing retransmission consent negotiations. The amended rule initially prohibited two non-commonly owned stations ranked in the top four in viewership in a market from negotiating jointly with MVPDs. On December 5, 2014, federal legislation extended the joint negotiation prohibition to all non-commonly owned television stations in a market. Mission, Marshall, Parker, White Knight and WVMH are required to separately negotiate their retransmission consent agreements with MVPDs. We cannot predict at this time the impact this amended rule will have on future negotiations with MVPDs and the impact, if any, it will have on the Company s revenues and expenses. 
 Seasonality  
 Advertising revenue is positively affected by strong local economies, national and regional political election campaigns, and certain events such as the Olympic Games or the Super Bowl. The Company s stations  advertising revenue is generally highest in the second and fourth quarters of each year, due in part to increases in consumer advertising in the spring and retail advertising in the period leading up to, and including, the holiday season. In addition, advertising revenue is generally higher during even-numbered years, when state, congressional and presidential elections occur and advertising airs during the Olympic Games. As 2016 is an election year and an Olympic year, we expect an increase in advertising revenues to be reported in 2016 compared to 2015. 

33 
 
    Historical Performance   
 Revenue  
 The following table sets forth the amounts of the Company s principal types of revenue (in thousands) and each type of revenue (other than trade and barter) as a percentage of total gross revenue:  

Results of Operations  
 The following table sets forth a summary of the Company s operations (in thousands) and each component of operating expense as a percentage of net revenue:  

34 
 
    Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   
 Revenue  
 Gross local advertising revenue was $94.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $88.0 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $6.9 million, or 7.8%. Gross national advertising revenue was $36.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $37.9 million for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $1.4 million, or 3.6%. The net increase in local and national advertising revenue was primarily attributable to incremental revenue from our newly acquired stations and stations we contracted with to provide programming and sales services of $8.6 million. Our legacy stations  local and national advertising revenue decreased by $3.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to changes in the mix between our legacy stations  local, national and political advertising revenue. Our largest advertiser category, automobile, represented approximately 27% and 26% of our local and national advertising revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Overall, including past results of our newly acquired stations, automobile revenues were flat during the quarter. The other categories representing our top five were attorneys and medical/healthcare, which increased in 2016, and fast food/restaurants and furniture which decreased in 2016. 
 Gross political advertising revenue was $25.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.6 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $22.9 million, as 2016 is an election year.  
 Retransmission compensation was $98.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $80.0 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $18.2 million, or 22.8%. The increase in retransmission compensation was attributable to a $12.2 million increase on our legacy stations, primarily related to the 2015 renewals of contracts providing for higher rates per subscriber, and incremental revenue from our newly acquired stations of $6.1 million. 
 Digital revenue, representing advertising revenue on our stations  web and mobile sites and other internet-based revenue, was $28.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $20.1 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $8.5 million, or 42.2%. This was primarily attributable to incremental revenue from our newly acquired stations and entities of $3.9 million and an increase in revenue from targeted advertising services of $2.8 million due to sales initiatives. 
 Operating Expenses  
 Corporate expenses, related to costs associated with the centralized management of our stations, were $11.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $11.1 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $0.6 million, or 5.4%. This was primarily attributable to an increase in payroll expense of $0.7 million related to the increased number of stations and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $0.1 million due to equity incentive awards in 2015 and 2016. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in legal and professional fees of $0.2 million. 
 Station direct operating expenses, consisting primarily of news, engineering, programming and station selling, general and administrative expenses (net of trade expense) were $150.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $121.9 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $28.1 million, or 23.1%. The increase was primarily due to expenses of our newly acquired stations and entities of $14.0 million, change in the fair value of contingent consideration related to an entity acquired in October 2015 of $1.4 million, and an increase in programming costs for our legacy stations of $7.1 million primarily related to recently enacted network affiliation agreements. Network affiliation fees have been increasing industry wide and will continue to increase over the next several years. 
 Depreciation of property and equipment was flat at $12.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $13.1 million for the same period in 2015. 
 Amortization of intangible assets was also flat at $11.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $11.4 million for the same period in 2015. 
 Amortization of broadcast rights, excluding barter was $5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $5.9 million for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $0.7 million, or 12.2%, primarily attributable to write downs to the net receivable value of the broadcast rights in the prior year. 
   
 35 
 
    Interest Expense, net  
 Interest expense, net was $30.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $20.4 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $9.2 million, or 45.2%, primarily attributable to increased borrowings during 2016 to fund our acquisitions. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income tax expense was $17.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $10.6 million for the same period in 2015. The effective tax rates were 40.6% and 38.3% for each of the respective periods. The increase was primarily attributable to the nondeductible change in the fair value of contingent consideration in 2016 that resulted in a 1.2% impact to the effective tax rate. 
   
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  
 Revenue  
 Gross local advertising revenue was $286.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $266.5 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $19.7 million, or 7.4%. Gross national advertising revenue was $107.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $112.3 million for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $4.4 million, or 3.9%. The net increase in local and national advertising revenue was primarily attributable to incremental revenue from our newly acquired stations and stations we contracted with to provide programming and sales services of $29.4 million. Our legacy stations  local and national advertising revenue decreased by $14.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to changes in the mix between our legacy stations  local, national and political advertising revenue. Our largest advertiser category, automobile, represented approximately 25% and 24% of our local and national advertising revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Overall, including past results of our newly acquired stations, automobile revenues were flat during the period. The other categories representing our top five were attorneys, which increased in 2016; fast food/restaurants, furniture and medical/healthcare which all decreased in 2016. 
 Gross political advertising revenue was $48.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $4.8 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $43.7 million, as 2016 is an election year.  
 Retransmission compensation was $293.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $216.3 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $77.4 million, or 35.8%. The increase in retransmission compensation was attributable to a $56.9 million increase on our legacy stations, primarily related to the 2015 renewals of contracts providing for higher rates per subscriber, and incremental revenue from our newly acquired stations of $20.5 million. 
 Digital revenue, representing advertising revenue on our stations  web and mobile sites and other internet-based revenue, was $76.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $60.6 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $15.4 million, or 25.4%. This was primarily attributable to incremental revenue from our newly acquired stations and entities of $8.8 million and new customers for digital publishing and content management services of $3.7 million. 
 Operating Expenses  
 Corporate expenses, related to costs associated with the centralized management of our stations, were $40.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $33.3 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $7.3 million, or 21.9%. This was primarily attributable to an increase in legal and professional fees of $5.3 million, primarily associated with our acquisitions of stations and entities, an increase in payroll expense of $1.4 million related to the increased number of stations and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $0.5 million due to equity incentive awards in 2015 and 2016.  
 Station direct operating expenses, consisting primarily of news, engineering, programming and station selling, general and administrative expenses (net of trade expense) were $433.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $350.6 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $82.5 million, or 23.5%. The increase was primarily due to expenses of our newly acquired stations and entities of $44.9 million, change in the fair value of contingent consideration related to an entity acquired in October 2015 of $3.5 million, an increase in employee healthcare costs for our legacy stations of $1.4 million and an increase in programming costs for our legacy stations of $24.6 million primarily related to recently enacted network affiliation agreements. Network affiliation fees have been increasing industry wide and will continue to increase over the next several years. 
 Depreciation of property and equipment was $38.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $35.3 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $2.9 million, or 8.3%, primarily due to the incremental depreciation of fixed assets from newly acquired stations and entities of $3.2 million. 
   
 36 
 
    Amortization of intangible assets was $34.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to $35.6 million for the same period in 2015, a decrease of $0.7 million, or 2.1%. This was primarily attributable to decreases in amortization of other intangible assets from certain fully amortized assets of $4.2 million, partially offset by i  ncremental amortization of other intangible assets from our newly acquired stations and entities of $3.5 million.  
 Amortization of broadcast rights, excluding barter was $17.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $16.3 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $0.8 million, or 4.8%, primarily attributable to incremental amortization from our newly acquired stations of $1.3 million, partially offset by the prior year write down of the net receivable value of the broadcast rights. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net was $71.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $60.1 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $10.8 million, or 17.9%, primarily attributable to increased borrowings during 2015 and 2016 to fund our acquisitions. 
 Income Taxes  
 Income tax expense was $50.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $29.3 million for the same period in 2015. The effective tax rates were 41.2% and 37.5% for each of the respective periods. Our station acquisitions reduced our blended state tax rate in 2015 resulting in an income tax benefit of $1.7 million, or a 2.1% impact to the effective tax rate. Additionally, the nondeductible change in the fair value of contingent consideration in 2016 resulted in a 1.0% increase in the effective tax rate. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 The Company is highly leveraged, which makes it vulnerable to changes in general economic conditions. The Company s ability to meet the future cash requirements described below depends on its ability to generate cash in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other conditions, many of which are beyond the Company s control. Based on current operations and anticipated future growth, the Company believes that its available cash, anticipated cash flow from operations and available borrowings under the senior secured credit facilities will be sufficient to fund working capital, capital expenditure requirements, interest payments and scheduled debt principal payments for at least the next twelve months. In order to meet future cash needs, we may, from time to time, borrow under our existing senior secured credit facility or issue other long- or short-term debt or equity, if the market and the terms of our existing debt arrangements permit, and Mission and Marshall may, from time to time, borrow under their existing senior secured credit facilities. The Company will continue to evaluate the best use of its operating cash flow among its capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt reduction, dividends and stock repurchases.  
 Overview  
 The following tables present summarized financial information management believes is helpful in evaluating the Company s liquidity and capital resources (in thousands):  

(1)   
 
 Based on covenant calculations as of September 30, 2016, all of the $103.0 million unused revolving loan commitments under the Company s senior secured credit facilities were available for borrowing.    

37 
 
    Cash Flows   Operating Activities   
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities increased by $22.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. This was primarily due to an increase in net revenue (excluding trade and barter) of $149.2 million less an increase in station and corporate operating expenses (excluding stock compensation and other non-cash station operating expenses) of $87.3 million, and source of cash resulting from timing of payments to vendors of $4.1 million. These transactions were partially offset by timing of collections of accounts receivable of $11.2 million, an increase in cash paid for interest of $21.9 million, an increase in payments for income taxes of $4.0 million, an increase in payments for broadcast rights of $1.0 million and an increase in the impact of the excess tax benefit from stock option exercises of $5.5 million.  
 Cash paid for interest increased by $21.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to our pre-funding of $14.1 million interest on the 5.625% Notes pursuant to the terms of the indenture and increased borrowings during 2015 and 2016 to fund our acquisitions. 
 Cash Flows   Investing Activities  
 Net cash flows used in investing activities decreased by $324.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. In 2016, we acquired certain assets of four full power stations in four markets in West Virginia and paid $58.5 million. Additionally, we completed the acquisition of five full power stations for total payments of $45.5 million. In 2015, we completed the acquisitions of Communications Corporation of America ( CCA ), KASW, Yashi, Inc. ( Yashi ) and KLAS for total payments of $459.7 million. We also paid a deposit of $2.2 million upon signing a purchase agreement in September 2015 to acquire four full power television stations from Reiten. These cash payments were partially offset by the sale of a CCA station for $26.8 million in cash and certain real estate properties we owned for $2.1 million in cash.  
 Capital expenditures during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $4.4 million compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to capital expenditures for acquired stations and entities. 
 Cash Flows   Financing Activities  
 Net cash flows provided by financing activities decreased by $252.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  
 In 2016, we borrowed a total of $58.0 million under our revolving credit facility to fund our acquisitions. We also received $0.4 million proceeds from stock option exercises and recognized a $13.4 million excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements. These cash flow increases were partially offset by repayments of outstanding obligations under our revolving credit facility of $58.0 million, scheduled repayments of outstanding principal balance under our, Mission s and Marshall s term loans of $15.1 million, payments for debt financing costs of $19.3 million, payments of dividends to our common stockholders of $22.1 million ($0.24 per share each quarter), payments for contingent consideration related to an entity acquired in October 2015 of $2.0 million, payments for capital lease obligations of $2.7 million and distribution to a noncontrolling interest of $0.6 million. 
 In 2015, we issued our $275.0 million 6.125% Notes due 2022 at par. We also borrowed a total amount of $139.9 million under our revolving credit facility. These borrowings were used to partially finance the CCA, KASW, Yashi and KLAS acquisitions and to pay for related fees and expenses. We also received $3.3 million proceeds from stock option exercises and recognized a $7.9 million excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation arrangements. Additionally, Marshall borrowed $2.0 million under its revolving credit facility. These cash flow increases were partially offset by  $48.7 million repurchases of our Class A common stock,  $11.0 million scheduled repayments of outstanding principal balance under our, Mission s and Marshall s term loans, repayments of outstanding obligations under the Company s revolving credit facilities of $140.5 million, payments of dividends to our common stockholders of $17.9 million ($0.19 per share each quarter), payments for debt financing costs of $3.0 million and payments for capital lease obligations of $2.3 million. 
 Our senior secured credit facility may limit the amount of dividends we may pay to stockholders over the term of the agreement. 
   
 38 
 
    Future Sources of Financing and Debt Service Requirements   
 As of September 30, 2016, we, Mission and Marshall had total combined debt of $2.3 billion, which represented 93.9% of the Company s combined capitalization. The Company s high level of debt requires that a substantial portion of cash flow be dedicated to pay principal and interest on debt, which reduces the funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes.  
 The Company had $103.0 million of total unused revolving loan commitments under its senior secured credit facilities, all of which were available for borrowing, based on the covenant calculations as of September 30, 2016. The Company s ability to access funds under its senior secured credit facilities depends, in part, on its compliance with certain financial covenants. Any additional drawings under the senior secured credit facilities will reduce the Company s future borrowing capacity and the amount of total unused revolving loan commitments. 
   
 On January 27, 2016, we entered into a definitive merger agreement with Media General, whereby we will acquire Media General s outstanding equity for approximately $2.3 billion in cash and stock consideration, estimated based on the $57.71 market price per share of our Class A common stock on September 30, 2016 and Media General s diluted common shares outstanding, plus the potential CVR entitling Media General shareholders to net cash proceeds, if any, from the sale of Media General s spectrum in the FCC s spectrum auction. We have received committed financing up to a maximum of $4.7 billion from a group of commercial banks to provide the debt financing in the form of credit facilities and notes to consummate the merger and to refinance certain existing indebtedness of the Company and Media General.  
   
 On July 27, 2016, Nexstar Escrow completed the issuance and sale of $900.0 million of 5.625% Notes at par. These notes will mature on August 1, 2024 and interest is payable semiannually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning on February 1, 2017. The gross proceeds of the 5.625% Notes, plus our pre-funding of $14.1 million interest, have been deposited into a segregated escrow account which cannot be utilized until the Escrow Release Conditions of the 5.625% Notes are satisfied. Among other things, the Escrow Release Conditions include the consummation of our merger with Media General and our assumption of all of the obligations of Nexstar Escrow under the 5.625% Notes, which are all expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2016. Following satisfaction of the Escrow Release Conditions, the proceeds from the 5.625% Notes will be used to partially finance the merger, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar and Media General, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. If the merger is not consummated on or prior to April 27, 2017, or if the merger agreement is terminated, the 5.625% Notes are subject to a special mandatory redemption equal to the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, from the issue date of the 5.625% Notes up to, but not including, the date of such special mandatory redemption. 
   
 The proposed merger is subject to FCC and other regulatory approval and other customary closing conditions. In order to comply with the FCC s local television ownership rule, to meet the U.S. television household national ownership cap and to obtain FCC and Department of Justice approval of the proposed merger, we have entered into various definitive agreements during May and June 2016 to sell 13 stations in 12 markets for a total consideration of $547.8 million, plus working capital adjustments. The proceeds are expected to be used to partially finance the merger and to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Nexstar and Media General. 
   
 We expect the merger, the required divestitures, our assumption of the 5.625% Notes from the Escrow Issuer and the debt refinancing to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
   
 The merger agreement also contains certain termination rights for both us and Media General. If the merger agreement is terminated in connection with Media General entering into a definitive agreement for a superior proposal, as well as under certain other circumstances, the termination fee payable to us will be $80.0 million. The merger agreement also provides that we will be required to pay a termination fee to Media General of $80.0 million if the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances. Either party may terminate the merger agreement if the merger is not consummated on or before January 27, 2017, with an automatic extension to April 27, 2017, if necessary to obtain regulatory approval under circumstances specified in the merger agreement. 
   
 In January 2016, we acquired certain assets of four full power stations in four markets in West Virginia for $65.0 million in cash (including a $6.5 million deposit paid in November 2015). We expect to acquire the remaining assets of these stations at the end of 2016 and pay the remaining purchase price of $65.0 million, subject to adjustments for working capital, to be funded through cash on hand upon closing and borrowings under our existing credit facility. 
   
 In connection with our acquisition of an entity in October 2015, we have a remaining commitment to pay the sellers $5.0 million in cash if a certain revenue target is met during the fourth quarter of 2016. We expect to fund the cash payments in accordance with the purchase agreement through a combination of cash to be generated from operations and borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. 
   
 On October 20, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.24 per share of our Class A common stock. The dividend is payable on November 18, 2016 to stockholders of record on November 4, 2016.     
 39 
 
    The following table summarizes the principal indebtedness scheduled to mature for the periods referenced as of   September 30, 2016 (in thousands):   

We make semiannual interest payments on our $525.0 million 6.875% Notes on May 15 and November 15 of each year. We also make semiannual interest payments on our $275.0 million 6.125% Notes on February 15 and August 15 of each year. Interest payments on our, Mission s and Marshall s senior secured credit facilities are generally paid every one to three months and are payable based on the type of interest rate selected. We will make semiannual interest payments on the 5.625% Notes on February 1 and August 1 of each year beginning on February 1, 2017. 
 The terms of our, Mission s and Marshall s senior secured credit facilities, as well as the indentures governing our 6.875% Notes and 6.125% Notes, limit, but do not prohibit us, Mission or Marshall from incurring substantial amounts of additional debt in the future.  
 The Company does not have any rating downgrade triggers that would accelerate the maturity dates of its debt. However, a downgrade in the Company s credit rating could adversely affect its ability to renew the existing credit facilities, obtain access to new credit facilities or otherwise issue debt in the future and could increase the cost of such debt.  
 Debt Covenants  
 Our senior secured credit facility contains covenants that require us to comply with certain financial ratios, including: (a) a maximum consolidated total net leverage ratio, (b) a maximum consolidated first lien net leverage ratio, and (c) a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio. The covenants, which are calculated on a quarterly basis, include the combined results of the Company. Mission s and Marshall s senior secured credit facilities do not contain financial covenant ratio requirements; however, they do include events of default if Nexstar does not comply with all covenants contained in its credit agreement. The 6.875% Notes, the 6.125% Notes and the 5.625% Notes contain restrictive covenants customary for borrowing arrangements of these types. The Company believes it will be able to maintain compliance with all covenants contained in the credit agreements governing its senior secured facilities and the indentures governing the respective notes for a period of at least the next twelve months from September 30, 2016.  
 No Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. All of our arrangements with Mission, Marshall, White Knight, Parker and WVMH in which we are the primary beneficiary are on-balance sheet arrangements. Our variable interests in other entities are obtained through local service agreements, which have valid business purposes and transfer certain station activities from the station owners to us. We are, therefore, not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 The Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires it to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to business acquisitions, goodwill and intangible assets, property and equipment, bad debts, broadcast rights, retransmission revenue, trade and barter and income taxes. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year.  
 40 
 
    Information with respect to the Company s critical accounting policies which it believes could have th  e most significant effect on the Company s reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management is contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Management believes that as of September 30, 2016, th  ere has been no material change to this information.   
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 Refer to Note 2 of our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including our expected date of adoption and effects on results of operations and financial position.  
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  forward-looking statements  for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including: any projections or expectations of earnings, revenue, financial performance, liquidity and capital resources or other financial items; any assumptions or projections about the television broadcasting industry; any statements of our plans, strategies and objectives for our future operations, performance, liquidity and capital resources or other financial items; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements may include the words  may,   will,   should,   could,   would,   predicts,   potential,   continue,   expects,   anticipates,   future,   intends,   plans,   believes,   estimates  and other similar words.  
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in any of our forward-looking statements are reasonable, actual results could differ from a projection or assumption in any of our forward-looking statements. Our future financial position and results of operations, as well as any forward-looking statements, are subject to change and inherent risks and uncertainties, including those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are made only as of the date hereof, and we do not have or undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances unless otherwise required by law. 

I  TEM 3.   
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     

 Interest Rate Risk  
 The Company s exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to its long-term debt obligations.  
 The term loan borrowings at September 30, 2016 under the Company s senior secured credit facilities bear interest rates ranging from 2.5% to 3.8%, which represented the base rate, or LIBOR, plus the applicable margin, as defined. The revolving loans bear interest at LIBOR plus the applicable margin, which totaled 2.5% at September 30, 2016. Interest is payable in accordance with the credit agreements.  
 If LIBOR were to increase by 100 basis points, or one percentage point, from its September 30, 2016 level, the Company s annual interest expense would increase and cash flow from operations would decrease by approximately $4.5 million, based on the outstanding balances of the Company s senior secured credit facilities as of September 30, 2016. Due to the LIBOR floor on certain of the Company s term loans, an increase of 50 basis points in LIBOR would result in a $1.1 million increase in annual interest expense and decrease in cash flow from operations. If LIBOR were to decrease either by 100 basis points or 50 basis points, the Company s annual interest would decrease and cash flow from operations would increase by $1.0 million. Our 6.875% Notes, 6.125% Notes and 5.625% Notes are fixed rate debt obligations and therefore are not exposed to market interest rate changes. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has no financial instruments in place to hedge against changes in the benchmark interest rates on its senior secured credit facilities. 
 Impact of Inflation  
 We believe that the Company s results of operations are not affected by moderate changes in the inflation rate.  
   
 41 

I  TEM 4.   
 
          Con  trols and Procedures      

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 Nexstar s management, with the participation of its President and Chief Executive Officer along with its Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Nexstar s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
 Based upon that evaluation, Nexstar s President and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, Nexstar s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at a reasonable assurance level, to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to Nexstar s management, including its President and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 As of the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there have been no changes in Nexstar s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting.  
   
     PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

I  TEM 1.   
 
   Legal Proceedings     

 From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation that arises from the ordinary operations of business, such as contractual or employment disputes or other general actions. In the event of an adverse outcome of these proceedings, the Company believes the resulting liabilities would not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations.  

I  TEM  1A.   
 
   Risk Factors     

 There are no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

I  TEM  2.   
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     

 None. 

I  TEM 3.   
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities     

 None.  

I  TEM  4.   
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures     

 None.  

I  TEM 5.   
 
   Other Information     

 The unaudited financial statements of Mission Broadcasting, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as filed in Mission Broadcasting, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, are incorporated herein by reference. 
 42 

I  TEM  6.   
 
          Exhibits      

Exhibit No.    

Description  

2.1  

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 27, 2016, by and between Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc., Media General, Inc., and Neptune Merger Sub, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-50478) filed by Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. on January 28, 2016). +  

4.1  

Indenture, dated as of July 27, 2016, between Nexstar Escrow Corporation, as issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-50478) filed by Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. on July 29, 2016).  

10.1  

Commitment Letter, dated as of January 27, 2016, by and among Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc., Bank of America, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Credit Suisse AG, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-50478) filed by Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. on January 28, 2016).  

10.2  

Voting and Support Agreement, dated as of January 27, 2016, by and between Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc., Media General, Inc. and the other parties thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-50478) filed by Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. on January 28, 2016).  

31.1  

Certification of Perry A. Sook pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

31.2  

Certification of Thomas E. Carter pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  

32.1  

Certification of Perry A. Sook pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350.*  

32.2  

Certification of Thomas E. Carter pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350.*  

101  

The Company s unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 from this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).*  

+   
 
 Schedules have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.    

*   
 
 Filed herewith     

 43 
 
    SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

NEXSTAR BROADCASTING GROUP, INC.  

/S/ PERRY A. SOOK  

By:  

Perry A. Sook  

Its:  

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

/S/ THOMAS E. CARTER  

By:  

Thomas E. Carter  

Its:  

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)  

Dated: November 8, 2016  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 nxst-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

nxst-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATION  
 I, Perry A. Sook, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

 Dated: November 8, 2016  

By:  

/ S / P ERRY  A. S OOK   

Perry A. Sook 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 nxst-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

nxst-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATION  
 I, Thomas E. Carter, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

 Dated: November 8, 2016 

By:  

/s/ T HOMAS  E. C ARTER    

Thomas E. Carter 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 nxst-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

nxst-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION  
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Dated: November 8, 2016  

/ S / P ERRY  A. S OOK   

Perry A. Sook  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. The foregoing certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 nxst-ex322_8.htm
 EX-32.2

nxst-ex322_8.htm

Exhibit 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION  
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of Nexstar Broadcasting Group, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certifies that the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Dated: November 8, 2016  

/ S / T HOMAS  E. C ARTER   

Thomas E. Carter  

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. The foregoing certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 nxst-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nxst-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nxst-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nxst-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nxst-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nxst-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

