<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1425205_0001144204-16-131686_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4455254</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>267120</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>236354</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1199492</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1873867</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>744486</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>122</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131686.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104145552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131686
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001425205
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				753254381
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36860
		FILM NUMBER:		161974833

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		999 SKYWAY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SAN CARLOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6502607120

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		999 SKYWAY ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SAN CARLOS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94070

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Genesis Biopharma, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100319

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FREIGHT MANAGEMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080128

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131686.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 v451596_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

U. S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended  September
30, 2016  

For the transition period from         to        . 

Commission
File Number 001-36860 

LION
BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.   

 (Exact name of small business issuer as
specified in its charter) 

Nevada  
       
      75-3254381   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      identification number)   

999 Skyway Road, Suite 150, San Carlos,
CA 94070  

 (Address of principal executive offices
and zip code) 

(650) 260-7120  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

112 W. 34 th  Street, 17 th 
floor, New York, NY 10120  

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

  Yes 
     No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     
 No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer        
      Accelerated filer         
 
      Non-accelerated filer       ( Do not check if a smaller reporting company )  
      Smaller reporting company         

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).        Yes 
    No      

At November 1, 2016, the issuer had 62,086,963 shares of common
stock, par value $0.000041666 per share, outstanding. 

LION BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

  FORM 10-Q  

  For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2016  

Table of Contents  

Page   
 
       PART I  FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
      1   
 
      Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     20  
 
      Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      24   
 
      Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      24   
 
       PART II  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      25   
 
      Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      25   
 
      Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      25   
 
      Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      25   
 
      Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosure   
      25   
 
      Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      25   
 
      Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      26   
 
       SIGNATURES   
      27   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       Condensed Financial Statements    

LION BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

  Condensed Balance Sheets  

  (in thousands, except share information)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements. 

LION BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

  Condensed Statements of Operations  

  (In thousands, except per share information)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements. 

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive
Loss  

  (in thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements. 

LION BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

  Statement of Stockholders' Equity  

  For the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016  

  (In thousands, except
share information)  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements. 

LION BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

  Statements of Cash Flows  

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed financial statements. 

NOTE 1. GENERAL ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS   

Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (the  Company, 
 we,   us  or  our ) is a biotechnology company focused on developing in order to commercialize
adoptive cell therapy (ACT) using autologous tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) for the treatment of metastatic melanoma and
other solid tumor cancers. ACT utilizes T-cells harvested from a patient to treat cancer in that patient. TIL, a kind of anti-tumor
T-cells that are naturally present in a patient s tumors, are collected from individual patient tumor samples. The TIL are
then expanded ex vivo and then infused back into the patient to fight their tumor. 

Basis of Presentation of Unaudited Condensed Financial
Information   

The unaudited condensed financial statements
of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and pursuant
to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q and Regulation S-K. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes
required by GAAP for complete financial statements. However, such information reflects all adjustments (consisting solely of normal
recurring adjustments), which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for the fair presentation of the financial position
and the results of operations. Results shown for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be obtained for
a full fiscal year. The balance sheet information as of December 31, 2015 was derived from the audited financial statements included
in the Company's financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 11, 2016. These financial statements
should be read in conjunction with that report. 

Reclassification   

Certain amounts within the condensed balance
sheet for the prior periods have been reclassified to conform with the current period presentation. These reclassifications had
no impact on the Company's previously reported financial position or net loss. 

Liquidity   

We are currently engaged in the development
of therapeutics to fight cancer. We do not have any commercial products and have not yet generated any revenues from our biopharmaceutical
business. We currently do not anticipate that we will generate any revenues during 2016 from the sale or licensing of any products.
As shown in the accompanying condensed financial statements, we have incurred a net loss of $37.2 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and used $20.5 million of cash in our operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
As of September 30, 2016, we had $179.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand, stockholders 
equity of $179.1 million and had working capital of $177.4 million. 

We expect to further increase our research
and development activities, which will increase the amount of cash we will use during 2017. Specifically, we expect increased spending
on clinical trials, research and development activities, higher payroll expenses as we increase our professional and scientific
staff, as well as continuing payments under our Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) with the National Cancer
Institute (NCI) and continued and expansion of manufacturing activities. Based on the funds we have available, we believe that
we have sufficient capital to fund our anticipated operating expenses for at least 12 months from the date of filing this quarterly
report. 

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRACTICES   

Short-term Investments   

The Company s short-term investments
represent available-for-sale securities and are recorded at fair value with any unrealized gains and losses recorded within accumulated
other comprehensive loss. The estimated fair value of the available for sale securities is determined based on quoted market prices
or rates for similar instruments. In addition, the cost of debt securities in this category is adjusted for amortization of premium
and accretion of discount to maturity. The Company evaluates securities with unrealized losses to determine whether such losses,
if any, are other than temporary. No losses have been recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Loss per Share   

Basic net income (loss) per share is computed
using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed
using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number of additional
shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the dilutive
impact of the following outstanding equity equivalents have been excluded because their impact on the loss per share is anti-dilutive. 

The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive
securities is reflected in diluted earnings per common share by application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock
method, an increase in the fair market value of the Company's common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from potentially
dilutive securities. 

Fair Value Measurements   

Under Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, fair value is defined as the price at which an asset could
be exchanged or a liability transferred in a transaction between knowledgeable, willing parties in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability. Where available, fair value is based on observable market prices or parameters or derived from
such prices or parameters. Where observable prices or parameters are not available, valuation models are applied. 

Assets and liabilities recorded at fair
value in our financial statements are categorized based upon the level of judgment associated with the inputs used to measure their
fair value. Hierarchical levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to fair valuation of
these assets and liabilities, are as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs are unadjusted,
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets at the reporting date. Active markets are those in which transactions for
the asset or liability occur in sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 

The fair valued assets we hold that are
generally included under this Level 1 are money market securities where fair value is based on publicly quoted prices. 

Level 2 Are inputs, other than
quoted prices included in Level 1, that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability through correlation
with market data at the reporting date and for the duration of the instrument s anticipated life. 

The fair valued assets we hold that are
generally assessed under Level 2 are corporate bonds and commercial paper. We utilize third party pricing services in developing
fair value measurements where fair value is based on valuation methodologies such as models using observable market inputs, including
benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, bids, offers and other reference data. We use quotes from external pricing
service providers and other on-line quotation systems to verify the fair value of investments provided by our third party pricing
service providers. We review independent auditor s reports from our third party pricing service providers particularly regarding
the controls over pricing and valuation of financial instruments and ensure that our internal controls address certain control
deficiencies, if any, and complementary user entity controls are in place. 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs
that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities and
which reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the reporting
date. Consideration is given to the risk inherent in the valuation technique and the risk inherent in the inputs to the model. 

We do not have fair valued assets classified
under Level 3. 

The Company believes the carrying amount
of its financial instruments (consisting of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses) approximates fair
value due to the short-term nature of such instruments. 

Financial assets measured at fair value
on a recurring basis are categorized in the tables below based upon the lowest level of significant input to the valuations (in
thousands): 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include valuation
of available-for-sale investments, accounting for potential liabilities, the valuation allowance associated with the Company s
deferred tax assets, and the assumptions made in valuing stock instruments issued for services. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

The Company periodically grants stock options
and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions as compensation for services rendered. The Company
accounts for stock option grants to employees based on the authoritative guidance provided by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board where the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized over the vesting period. The Company accounts
for stock option grants to non-employees in accordance with the authoritative guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board
where the value of the stock compensation is determined based upon the measurement date at either a) the date at which a performance
commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete. Non-employee
stock-based compensation charges generally are amortized over the vesting period on a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances
where there are no future performance requirements by the non-employee, option grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based
compensation charge is recorded in the period of the measurement date. 

The fair value of the Company's common
stock option grants is estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, which uses certain assumptions related to risk-free
interest rates, expected volatility, expected life of the common stock options, and future dividends. Compensation expense is recorded
based upon the value derived from the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and based on actual experience. The assumptions used
in the Black-Scholes option pricing model could materially affect compensation expense recorded in future periods. 

The Company as in the past issued restricted
shares of its common stock for share-based compensation programs. The Company measures the compensation cost with respect to restricted
shares issued to employees based upon the estimated fair value of the equity instruments at the date of the grant, and is recognized
as expense over the period which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award. 

The fair value of restricted stock units
is based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 

Total stock-based compensation expense
related to all of our stock-based awards was recorded on the statement of operations as follows (in thousands): 

Total stock-based compensation broken down
based on each individual instrument was as follows (in thousands): 

Preferred Stock   

The Company applies the accounting standards
for distinguishing liabilities from equity when determining the classification and measurement of its preferred stock. Preferred
shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
preferred shares (including preferred shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or
subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as
temporary equity. At all other times, preferred shares are classified as stockholders  equity. 

Convertible Instruments   

The Company applies the accounting standards
for derivatives and hedging and for distinguishing liabilities from equity when accounting for hybrid contracts that feature conversion
options. The accounting standards require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for
them as free standing derivative financial instruments according to certain criteria. The criteria includes circumstances in which
(i) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic
characteristics and risks of the host contract, (ii) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument
and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with
changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur and (iii) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative
instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. The derivative is subsequently marked to market at each reporting date
based on current fair value, with the changes in fair value reported in results of operations. 

Conversion options that contain variable
settlement features such as provisions to adjust the conversion price upon subsequent issuances of equity or equity linked securities
at exercise prices more favorable than that featured in the hybrid contract generally result in their bifurcation from the host
instrument. 

The Company also records, when necessary,
deemed dividends for the intrinsic value of the conversion options embedded in preferred stock based upon the difference between
the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the transaction and the effective conversion price embedded
in the preferred stock. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In June 2016,
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-13,   Allowance
for Loan and Lease Losses (Financial Instruments - Credit Losses Topic 326.). New impairment guidance for certain financial instruments
(including trade receivables) will replace the current  incurred loss  model for estimating credit losses with a forward
looking  expected loss  model. The ASU is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted as of the fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on
its financial statements.  

In March
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. This ASU identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects
of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity
or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well
as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. This ASU will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of this ASU
on its condensed financial statements. Early adoption is permitted.  

The FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net).  This
guidance amends the principal versus agent guidance in the new revenue standard. The amendments retain the guidance that the principal
in an arrangement controls a good or service before it is transferred to a customer. The amendments clarify how an entity should
identify the unit of accounting for principal versus agent evaluation and how it should apply the control principle to certain
types of arrangements, such as service transactions. The amendments also reframe the indicators to focus on evidence that an entity
is acting as a principal rather than an agent, revise examples in the new standard and add new examples. The Company has not yet
determined the effect of the adoption of this standard on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 

In February
2016, the FASB issued ASU   2016-02-Leases   with
fundamental changes to how entities account for leases.   Lessees will need to recognize
a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all of their leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term
lease). The liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments. The asset will be based on the liability, subject to
adjustment, such as for initial direct costs. Additional disclosures for leases will also be required. The standard is effective
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted.
The new standard must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition, and provides for certain practical expedients. The
new standard may materially impact the Company s financial statements.  

In January
2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01   Financial Instruments-Overall, which address certain
aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.   Earlier
application is permitted under specific circumstances. The Company is currently assessing the potential impact of this standard
on its financial statements.  

Subsequent Events   

The Company evaluates events that have
occurred after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued. Based upon the evaluation, the Company did
not identify any recognized or non-recognized subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the condensed
financial statements. 

NOTE 3. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS   

Cash and cash equivalents and short-term
investments consist of the following (in thousands): 

Money market funds and short-term investments
include the following securities with gross unrealized gains and losses (in thousands): 

At   September 30,
2016, the Company's short-term investments had the following remaining contractual maturities (in thousands):  

The Company s investment policy limits
investments to certain types of instruments such as certificates of deposit, money market instruments, obligations issued by the
U.S. government and U.S. government agencies as well as corporate debt securities, and places restrictions on maturities and concentration
by type and issuer. 

NOTE 4. STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY   

Series B Preferred Stock  

In June 2016, the Company created a new
class of Preferred Stock designated as Series B Preferred Stock (the  Series B Preferred ). The rights of the
Series B Preferred are set forth in the Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Privileges of Series B
Preferred Stock (the  Series B Certificate of Designation ). A total of 11,500,000 shares of Series B Preferred
are authorized for issuance under the Certificate of Designation. The shares of Series B Preferred have a stated value of $4.75
per share and are convertible into shares of common stock at an initial conversion price of $4.75 per share. 

Holders of the Series B Preferred are entitled
to dividends on an as-if-converted basis in the same form as any dividends actually paid on shares of our Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock or our common stock. So long as any Series B Preferred remains outstanding, the Company may not redeem, purchase
or otherwise acquire any material amount of our Series A Preferred Stock or any junior securities. 

The Company has also evaluated its convertible
preferred stock in accordance with the provisions of ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, including consideration of embedded
derivatives requiring bifurcation. The issuance of the convertible preferred stock could generate a beneficial conversion feature
( BCF ), which arises when a debt or equity security is issued with an embedded conversion option that is beneficial
to the investor or in the money at inception because the conversion option has an effective strike price that is less than the
market price of the underlying stock at the commitment date. The Company recognized the BCF by allocating the intrinsic value of
the conversion option, which is the number of shares of common stock available upon conversion multiplied by the difference between
the effective conversion price per share and the fair value of common stock per share on the commitment date, to additional paid-in
capital, resulting in a discount on the convertible preferred stock. As the convertible preferred stock may be converted immediately,
the Company recognized a BCF of $49.5 million as a deemed dividend in the condensed statements of operations for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, 3,421,960 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that were originally issued in the June 2016 private placement
(discussed below) were converted into 3,421,960 shares of common stock. 

Private Placement   

On June 2, 2016, the Company entered into
a securities purchase agreement with various institutional and individual accredited investors to raise gross proceeds of $100
million in a private placement (the  Private Placement ). On June 7, 2016, the Company completed the Private Placement.
In the Private Placement, the Company issued (i) 9,684,000 shares of its common stock and (ii) 11,368,633 shares of its
new Series B Preferred Stock. The shares of common stock and Series B Preferred were sold for $4.75 per share. The shares
of Series B Preferred initially were not convertible into common stock and, except as required by law, are non-voting. On July
7, 2016 the Company filed a proxy statement with the SEC with respect to a stockholders meeting that was held on August 16, 2016
at which the stockholders were asked to vote on a proposal to permit the Series B Preferred to become convertible into shares of
the Company s common stock and to permit the issuance of shares of common stock upon such conversion. The requisite stockholder
approval was obtained and, as a result, the Series B Preferred became convertible into shares of common stock at an initial
conversion price of $4.75 per share. 

The Company recognized a one-time deemed
dividend of $49.5 million on August 16, 2016 as a result of the beneficial conversion feature of the Series B Preferred. The deemed
dividend was recorded on the date that our stockholders approved the provision in the Series B Preferred that allowed the Series
B Preferred to convert into common stock. This one-time, non-cash charge impacted net loss attributable to common stockholder and
loss per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company received net proceeds of approximately
$95.7 million from the Private Placement, after paying placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses. 

In connection with the Private Placement,
the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the investors
pursuant to which the Company agreed to file with the SEC, within 30 days of the closing of the Private Placement, a registration
statement covering the resale by the investors of the shares of common stock purchased by them. The Company also agreed in the
Registration Rights Agreement to file with the SEC within 30 days of any stockholders meeting approving the conversion feature
of the Series B Preferred Stock, a registration statement covering the resale of the shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion
of their shares of Series B Preferred by the holders of shares of Series B Preferred. The Company also agreed to use its best efforts
to have the respective registration statements declared effective as soon as practicable upon filing, but in any event within 90
days after filing. The Company filed the registration statement to register the Private Placement common stock on July 1, 2016,
which registration statement was amended to include the shares underlying the Series B Preferred. The combined registration statement
covering both the shares of common stock sold in the Private Placement and the shares underlying the Series B Preferred was declared
effective on September 2, 2016, thereby fulfilling the Company s registration obligations under the Registration Rights Agreement.
The Registration Rights Agreement also provides, among other things, that if the foregoing registration statement ceases to be
effective under certain circumstances, the Company will pay to the holders on the occurrence of each such event and for each 30-day
period thereafter until the applicable event is cured, an amount in cash equal to 1% of the aggregate amount invested (or outstanding,
as specified in greater detail in the Registration Rights Agreement) by the holders under the Purchase Agreement for each 30-day
period (prorated for any period of less than 30 days) during which such registration statement was not effective. 

Restricted Stock Awards   

Shares of restricted stock awards granted below are subject
to forfeiture to the Company or other restrictions that will lapse in accordance with a vesting schedule determined by our Board. 

The following table summarizes restricted
common stock award activity: 

Restricted Stock Units   

On June 1, 2016, we entered into a restricted
stock unit agreement with the Company s new Chief Executive Officer (Maria Fardis, Ph.D.) pursuant to which the Company granted
Dr. Fardis 550,000 non-transferrable restricted stock units at fair market value of $5.87 per share as an inducement of employment
pursuant to the exception to The NASDAQ Global Market rules that generally require stockholder approval of equity incentive plans. 
The 550,000 restricted stock units will vest in installments as follows: (i) 137,500 restricted stock units will vest upon the
first anniversary of the effective date of Dr. Fardis  employment agreement; (ii) 275,000 restricted stock units will vest
upon the satisfaction of certain clinical trial milestones; and (iii) 137,500 restricted stock units will vest in equal monthly
installments over the 36-month period following the first anniversary of the effective date of Dr. Fardis  employment, provided
that Dr. Fardis has been continuously employed with the Company as of such vesting dates. 

Stock-based compensation expense for RSUs
is measured based on the closing fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. 

NOTE 5. STOCK
OPTIONS AND WARRANTS   

Stock Options   

A summary of the status of stock options
at September 30, 2016, and the changes during the nine months then ended, is presented in the following table: 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company granted options to purchase 3,007,483 shares of common stock to employees and directors of the Company. The
stock options generally vest between one and three years. The fair value of these options was determined to be $19.2 million using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model based on the following assumptions: 

Expected Dividend Yield  The
Company has never paid dividends and does not expect to pay dividends. 

Risk-Free Interest Rate  The
risk-free interest rate was based on the market yield currently available on United States Treasury securities with maturities
approximately equal to the option s expected term. 

Expected Term  Expected term
represents the period that the Company s stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding. The Company s assumptions
about the expected term have been based on that of companies that have similar industry, life cycle, revenue, and market capitalization
and the historical data on employee exercises. 

Expected Volatility  The expected
volatility is based on a combination of historical volatility for the Company's stock and the historical stock volatilities of
several of the Company s publicly listed comparable companies over a period equal to the expected terms of the options, as
the Company does not have a long trading history. 

Forfeiture Rate  The Company
estimates its forfeiture rate based on an analysis of its actual forfeitures and will continue to evaluate the adequacy of the
forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee turnover behavior, and other factors. The impact from
a forfeiture rate adjustment will be recognized in full in the period of adjustment, and if the actual number of future forfeitures
differs from that estimated by the Company, the Company may be required to record adjustments to stock-based compensation expense
in future periods. 

Each of the inputs discussed above is subjective
and generally requires significant management judgment. 

As of September 30, 2016, the value of
unvested options was $15.3 million to be recognized over a weighted period of 2.5 years. 

Warrants   

A summary of the status of stock warrants
at September 30, 2016, and the changes during the nine months then ended, is presented in the following table: 

NOTE 6. AGREEMENTS   

National Institutes of Health and the National Cancer
Institute   

Cooperative Research and Development Agreement   

 Effective August 5, 2011, the Company signed
a five-year Cooperative Research and Development Agreement ( CRADA ) with the National Institutes of Health and the
National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) to work with Dr. Steven A. Rosenberg, M.D., Ph.D., chief of NCI s Surgery Branch,
on developing adoptive cell immunotherapies that are designed to destroy metastatic melanoma cells using a patient s tumor
infiltrating lymphocytes. On January 22, 2015, the Company executed an amendment (the  Amendment ) to the CRADA to
include four new indications. As amended, in addition to metastatic melanoma, the CRADA included the development of TIL therapy
for the treatment of patients with bladder, lung, triple-negative breast, and HPV-associated cancers. 

On August 18, 2016, the NCI and the Company
entered into a second amendment to the CRADA. The principal changes effected by the second amendment included (i) extending the
term of the CRADA by another five years to August 2021, and (ii) modifying the focus on the development of TIL as a stand-alone
therapy or in combination with FDA-licensed products and commercially available reagents routinely used for adoptive cell therapy.
The parties will continue the development of improved methods for the generation and selection of TIL with anti-tumor reactivity
in metastatic melanoma, bladder, lung, breast, and HPV-associated cancers. 

Patent License Agreement Related to the Development and
Manufacture of TIL   

 Effective October 5, 2011, the Company
entered into a Patent License Agreement with the National Institutes of Health, an agency of the United States Public Health Service
within the Department of Health and Human Services ( NIH ), which Patent License Agreement was subsequently amended
on February 9, 2015 and October 2, 2015. Pursuant to the License Agreement as amended, the NIH granted the Company a right and
license to certain technologies relating to autologous tumor infiltrating lymphocyte adoptive cell therapy products for the treatment
of metastatic melanoma, lung, breast, bladder and HPV-positive cancers. The Patent License Agreement requires the Company to pay
royalties based on a percentage of net sales (which percentage is in the mid-single digits), a percentage of revenues from sublicensing
arrangements, and lump sum benchmark royalty payments on the achievement of certain clinical and regulatory milestones for each
of the various indications and other direct costs incurred by the NIH pursuant to the agreement. 

Exclusive Patent License Agreement   

 On February 10, 2015, the Company entered
into an Exclusive Patent License Agreement with the NIH under which the Company received an exclusive license to the NIH s
rights to patent-pending technologies related to methods for improving adoptive cell therapy through more potent and efficient
production of TIL from melanoma tumors by selecting for T-cell populations that express various inhibitory receptors. Unless terminated
sooner, the license shall remain in effect until the last licensed patent right expires. 

In consideration for the exclusive rights
granted under the Exclusive Patent License Agreement, the Company agreed to pay the NIH a non-refundable upfront licensing fee
which was recognized as research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2015. The Company also agreed to pay
customary royalties based on a percentage of net sales of a licensed product (which percentage is in the mid-single digits), a
percentage of revenues from sublicensing arrangements, and lump sum benchmark payments upon the successful completion of clinical
studies involving licensed technologies, the receipt of the first FDA approval or foreign equivalent for a licensed product or
process resulting from the licensed technologies, the first commercial sale of a licensed product or process in the United States,
and the first commercial sale of a licensed product or process in any foreign country. The Company will also be responsible for
all costs associated with the preparation, filing, maintenance and prosecution of the patent applications and patents covered by
the License. 

H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center   

Research Collaboration Agreement    

 In September, 2014, the Company entered
into a research collaboration agreement with the H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research Institute, Inc. ( Moffitt )
to jointly engage in transitional research and development of adoptive tumor-infiltrating lymphocyte cell therapy with improved
anti-tumor properties and process. 

License Agreement   

 The Company entered into a license agreement
(the  Moffitt License Agreement ), effective as of June 28, 2014, with Moffitt under which the Company received a world-wide
license to Moffitt s rights to patent-pending technologies related to methods for improving tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes
for adoptive cell therapy. Unless earlier terminated, the term of the license extends until the earlier of the expiration of the
last patent related to the licensed technology or 20 years after the effective date of the license agreement. 

Pursuant to the Moffitt License Agreement,
the Company paid an upfront licensing fee which was recognized as research and development expense during 2014. A patent issuance
fee will also be payable under the Moffitt License Agreement, upon the issuance of the first U.S. patent covering the subject technology.
In addition, the Company agreed to pay milestone license fees upon completion of specified milestones, customary royalties based
on a specified percentage of net sales (which percentage is in the low single digits) and sublicensing payments, as applicable,
and annual minimum royalties beginning with the first sale of products based on the licensed technologies, which minimum royalties
will be credited against the percentage royalty payments otherwise payable in that year. The Company will also be responsible for
all costs associated with the preparation, filing, maintenance and prosecution of the patent applications and patents covered by
the Moffitt License Agreement related to the treatment of any cancers in the United States, Europe and Japan and in other countries
selected that the Company and Moffitt agreed to. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $0.6 million and $0.4 million respectively, of expenses related to its license agreements.
The amounts were recorded as part of research and development expenses in the statements of operations. Additionally, during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no net sales subject to certain annual minimum royalty payments or sales that
would require us to pay a percentage of revenues from sublicensing arrangements. In addition, there were no benchmarks or milestones
achieved that would require payment under the lump sum benchmark royalty payments on the achievement of certain clinical regulatory
milestones for each of the various indications. 

PolyBioCept, AB   

Exclusive and Co-exclusive License Agreement   

 On September 14, 2016, the Company entered
into an Exclusive and Co-Exclusive License Agreement (the  License Agreement ) with PolyBioCept AB, a corporation organized
under the laws of Sweden ( PolyBioCept ). PolyBioCept has filed two patent applications with claims related to a cytokine
cocktail for use in expansion of lymphocytes. Under the License Agreement, the Company received the exclusive right and license
to PolyBioCept s intellectual property to develop, manufacture, market and genetically engineer tumor infiltrating lymphocytes
(TIL) produced by expansion, selection and enrichment using a cytokine cocktail. The Company also received a co-exclusive license
(with PolyBioCept) to develop, manufacture and market genetically engineered TIL under the same intellectual property. The licenses
are for the use in all cancers and are worldwide in scope, with the exception that the uses in melanoma are not included for certain
countries of the former Soviet Union. 

The Company paid PolyBioCept a total of
$2.5 million as an up-front exclusive license payment. The Company will also have to make additional milestone payments to PolyBioCept
under the License Agreement if, and when, (i) certain product development milestones are achieved, (ii) certain regulatory approvals
have been obtained from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and/or the European Medicines Agency (EMA), and (iii) certain
product sales targets are achieved. The milestone payments will be payable both in cash (U.S. dollars) and in shares of the Company s
common stock. If all of the foregoing product development, regulatory approval and sales milestone payments are met, the Company
will have to pay PolyBioCept an additional $8.7 million and will have to issue to PolyBioCept a total 2,219,376 shares of unregistered
common stock. In addition to these potential payments, the Company will reimburse PolyBioCept up to $0.2 million in expenses related
to the transfer of know-how and will pay PolyBioCept $0.1 million as a clinical trials management fee. The Company also separately
engaged PolyBioCept as a consultant to provide certain product development and research related services in a one-year agreement
for up to $0.2 million, subject to the consent of the Karolinska Institute to the services to be performed by its employees thereunder.
The License Agreement has an initial term of 30 years, and may be extended for additional five-year periods. 

In connection with the execution of the
License Agreement, the Company also (i) entered into a clinical trials agreement with the Karolinska University Hospital to conduct
clinical trials in glioblastoma and pancreatic cancer at the Karolinska University Hospital, and (ii) agreed to enter into a sponsored
research agreement with the Karolinska Institute for the research of the cytokine cocktail in additional indications. The Company
agreed to enter into the sponsored research agreement within 90 days after the date of the License Agreement. Failure to do so
will give PolyBioCept the right to terminate the License Agreement (and to return $2.2 million of the payments it received). The
Company will pay the Karolinska an additional $2.6 million in connection with these other related agreements. The Company recognized
$2.4 million and $0 as research and development expense in connection with this agreement in the quarter ended September30, 2016
and September 30, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 7. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS   

SEC Settlement.  On April 23, 2014
the Company received a subpoena from the SEC that stated that the staff of the SEC was conducting an investigation then designated
as   In the Matter of Galena Biopharma, Inc.   File No. HO 12346 (now known as   In the Matter of Certain
Stock Promotions  ) and that the subpoena was issued to the Company as part of the foregoing investigation. The Company
has been informed by the Staff of the SEC that the SEC s investigation, in part, involves the conduct of the Company s
former Chief Executive Officer, Manish Singh, during the period between September 2013 and April 2014. As the Company understands,
as it pertains to the Company s former Chief Executive Officer, the investigation has focused on the failure by authors
of certain articles about the Company to disclose that they were compensated by one of our former investor relations firms. The
Company understands that it is the position of the SEC Staff that the conduct of the former Chief Executive Officer with respect
to these articles may be imputed to the Company. 

In order to resolve this matter, the Company
has agreed with the Staff of the SEC to a proposed settlement framework under which it would consent to the entry of an order
requiring that it cease and desist from any future violations of certain provisions of the federal securities laws, without admitting
or denying any allegations, and agree to a financial penalty. The Company does not anticipate that the amount of the financial
penalty will have a material impact on its cash position. The proposed settlement is contingent upon reaching agreement with the
Staff of the SEC on a complete set of settlement terms and approval by the Commissioners of the SEC, neither of which can be assured. 

Solomon Capital, LLC.  On April
8, 2016, a lawsuit titled Solomon Capital, LLC, Solomon Capital 401(K) Trust, Solomon Sharbat and Shelhav Raff against Lion Biotechnologies,
Inc. was filed by Solomon Capital, LLC, Solomon Capital 401(k) Trust, Solomon Sharbat and Shelhav Raff against the Company in
the Supreme Court of the State of New York County of New York (index no. 651881/2016). The plaintiffs allege that, between June
and November 2012 they provided to the Company $0.1 million and that they advanced and paid on our behalf an additional $0.2 million.
The complaint further alleges that the Company agreed to (i) provide them with promissory notes totaling $0.2 million, plus interest,
(ii) issue a total of 111,425 shares to the plaintiffs (before the 1-for-100 reverse split of our common stock effected in September
2013), and (iii) allow the plaintiffs to convert the foregoing funds into our securities in the next transaction. The plaintiffs
allege that they should have been able to convert their advances and payments into shares of the Company s common stock
in the Restructuring that it effected in May 2013. Based on the foregoing, the plaintiffs allege causes for breach of contract
and unjust enrichment and demand judgment against the Company in an unspecified amount exceeding $1.5 million, plus interest and
attorneys  fees. 

On June 3, 2016, the Company filed an
answer and counterclaims in the lawsuit.  In its counterclaims, the Company alleges that the plaintiffs misrepresented their
qualifications to assist it in fundraising and that they failed to disclose that they were under investigation for securities
laws violations.  The Company is seeking damages in an amount exceeding $0.5 million and an order rescinding any and all
agreements that the plaintiffs contend entitled them to obtain stock in the Company.  The Company s investigation of
the allegations made by the plaintiffs is ongoing and it intends to vigorously defend the complaint and pursue its counterclaims. 

The Company may be involved, from time
to time, in legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties
and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. The Company accrues amounts, to the extent they can be reasonably estimated,
that it believes are adequate to address any liabilities related to legal proceedings and other loss contingencies that the Company
believes will result in a probable loss. While there can be no assurances as to the ultimate outcome of any legal proceeding or
other loss contingency involving the Company, management does not believe any pending matter will be resolved in a manner that
would have a material adverse effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or
cash flows. 

NOTE 8. COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINENGIES   

Lease Obligations   

Tampa Lease    

 In December 2014, the Company commenced
a five-year non-cancellable operating lease with the University of South Florida Research Foundation for a 5,115 square foot facility
located in Tampa, Florida. The facility is part of the University of South Florida research park and is used as the Company s
research and development facilities. The Company has the option to extend the lease term of this facility for an additional five-year
period on the same terms and conditions, except that the base rent for the renewal term will be increased in accordance with the
applicable consumer price index. 

In April 2015, the Company amended the
original lease agreement to increase the rentable space to 6,043 square feet. In September 2016, the Company further increased
the rentable space to 8,673 square feet. The per square foot cost and term of the lease were unchanged. 

San Carlos Lease   

 On August 4, 2016, the Company entered
into an agreement to lease 8,733 square feet in San Carlos, California. The term of the lease is 54 months subsequent to the commencement
date, and total expected rental payments under the lease are expected to be $2.1 million. 

The Company
recognizes rental expense on the facilities on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Differences between the straight line
rent expense and rent payments are classified as deferred rent liability on the balance sheet. As of   September 30,
2016, the Company's future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases are as follows (in thousands):  

Commitments under the CRADA   

On August 18, 2016, the NCI and the Company
entered into second amendment to the CRADA. In connection with the amendment, the Company is required to make quarterly payments
starting August 2016 in the amount of $0.5 million through August 2021 (or a total of $10 million over the life of the amended
CRADA). 

Other Matters   

During the second
quarter of 2016, warrants representing 128,500 shares were exercised. The 128,500 shares of common stock had previously been registered
for re-sale. However, we believe that these 128,500 warrant shares were sold by the holders in open market transactions in May
2016 at a time when the registration statement was ineffective. Accordingly, those sales were not made in accordance with Sections
5 and 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act, and the purchasers of those shares may have rescission rights (if they still own the shares)
or claims for damages (if they no longer own the shares). The amount of any such liability is uncertain and as such, an accrual
for any potential loss has not been made. The Company believes that any claims brought against it would not result in a material
impact to the Company s financial position or results of operations. The Company has not accrued a loss for a potential
claim associated with this matter as it is unable to estimate any at this time. 

Item
    2.    
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

In this section,
 we,   our,   ours  and  us  refer to Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.  

This management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition as of September 30, 2016 and results of operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, should be read in conjunction with management s discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 which
was filed with the SEC on March 11, 2016.  

Forward-Looking Statements   

The discussion
below includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans,
objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. We use words such as  anticipate,   estimate, 
 plan,   project,   continuing,   ongoing,   expect,   believe, 
 intend,   may,   will,   should,   could,  and similar expressions
to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report are based on information
available to us on the date hereof and, except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements. For a discussion of some of the factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by
the forward-looking statements, please read carefully the information in the  Risk Factors  section in our Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015. The identification in this Quarterly Report of factors that may affect future performance
and the accuracy of forward-looking statements is meant to be illustrative and by no means exhaustive. All forward-looking statements
should be evaluated with the understanding of their inherent uncertainty.   

Background on the Company and Recent
Events Affecting our Financial Condition and Operations   

We are a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel cancer immunotherapy products designed to
harness the power of a patient s own immune system to eradicate cancer cells. Our lead program is an adoptive cell therapy
utilizing tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL), which are T cells derived from patients  tumors, for the treatment of metastatic
melanoma. TIL therapy is being developed in collaboration with the National Cancer Institute (NCI). A patient's immune system,
particularly their TIL, plays an important role in identifying and killing cancer cells. TIL therapy involves growing a patient s
TIL in special culture conditions outside the patient s body, or ex vivo, and then infusing the T cells back into the patient
in combination with interleukin-2 (IL-2). By taking TIL away from the immune-suppressive tumor microenvironment in the patient,
the T cells can rapidly proliferate. TIL, when infused back into the patient, are more able to search out and eradicate the tumor. 

In 2011, we acquired
from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) a non-exclusive license to certain NIH patents and patent applications to develop
and manufacture autologous TIL for the treatment of metastatic melanoma, ovarian, breast, and colorectal cancers. Under a Cooperative
Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as represented by the NCI, we
support the in vitro development of improved methods for the generation and selection of TIL, the development of large-scale production
of TIL, and clinical trials using these improved methods of generating TIL. On January 22, 2015, we executed an amendment to the
CRADA to include four new indications. On February 9, 2015, the NIH granted us additional licenses to certain technologies useful
in the treatment of melanoma with TIL therapy, and on October 2, 2015, one of these license agreements was amended to include
the rights to treat breast, lung, bladder and HPV-associated cancers with TIL therapy. In consideration for receiving the rights
to treat breast, lung, bladder and HPV-associated cancers with the licensed TIL therapy, we gave up the non-exclusive rights to
treat colorectal and ovarian cancers with the TIL therapy. Under the amended CRADA, we are required to pay the NIH a total of
$2 million annually. On August 18, 2016, we agreed with the NIH to amend the CRADA to extend its term until August 5, 2021. In
addition to our CRADA, we also conduct research and development on TIL technology at our research facility in Tampa, Florida,
and developed our own proprietary technologies for which we are pursuing intellectual property protection. 

On June 7, 2016, we
completed a private placement (the  Private Placement ) in which we issued (i) 9,684,000 shares of our common
stock and (ii) 11,368,633 shares of our new Series B Preferred Stock (the  Series B Preferred ) to
a limited number of institutional and accredited investors. . The shares of common stock and Series B Preferred were sold
for $4.75 per share. We received net proceeds of approximately $95.7 million from the Private Placement, after paying placement
agent fees and estimated offering expenses, which we will use to fund our research and development and for working capital purposes.
Jefferies LLC and Piper Jaffray   Co. acted as joint lead placement agents for the Private Placement, and we paid the placement
agents a customary placement fee and reimbursed them for certain expenses. 

Our pipeline consist
of various trials at different stages. We are currently enrolling patients in a Phase 2 clinical trial of our lead product candidate,
LN-144, for the treatment of refractory metastatic melanoma. In addition, the NCI is enrolling patients in a combination trial
of TIL with Keytruda. In 2017, we intend to initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial of TIL therapy in cervical cancer and another Phase
2 clinical trial of TIL therapy in head and neck cancer. Also, pursuant to a clinical trials agreement we have entered into with
Karolinska University Hospital, Karolinska has agreed to commence Phase 1 trials for glioblastoma and pancreatic cancer in 2017. 

Results of Operations   

Revenues   

We are a clinical
development stage company that is currently engaged in the development of novel cancer immunotherapy products, and we have not
yet generated any revenues from our biopharmaceutical business or otherwise since our formation. We currently do not anticipate
that we will generate any revenues during 2016 from the sale or licensing of any products. Our ability to generate revenues in
the future will depend on our ability to complete the development of our product candidates and to obtain regulatory approval
for them. 

Research and Development   

Research and development
expense consists of costs incurred in performing research and development activities, clinical trials, personnel costs for research
and development employees and consultants, rent at our research and development facility in Tampa, Florida, cost of laboratory
supplies, manufacturing expenses, and fees paid to third parties, including the NCI and our third party contract manufacturer
that will process and manufacture our products for our clinical trial. Research and development expenses also included amounts
paid to the National Institutes of Health under terms of our license agreements, and to the NCI under the CRADA. For the three
months ended September 30, 2016, our research and development costs increased by $3.5 million, or 71%, and for the nine months
ended September 30 2016 our research and development costs increased by $5.8 million, or 51%, when compared to the same periods
in 2015 due to the general expansion of our research and development efforts, the expansion of our Tampa, Florida research facility,
and the initiation of our Phase II clinical trial, and the payment of $2.4 million related to the agreement with PolyBioCept AB
which occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. In addition, in the three and nine month periods ended September 30,
2016 we incurred $0.6 million and $1.8 million, respectively, of non-cash stock-based compensation costs, compared to $0.9 million
and $2.1 million, respectively, for such costs in the same period in 2015. The change in our research and development stock-based
compensation expense is primarily due to the timing of hiring or terminating employees and officers. 

Research and development
activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher
development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage
clinical trials. We expect our research and development expenses to increase over the next several years as we continue to conduct
our clinical trials for our products and as we increase our research and development efforts in other cancer indications. However,
it is difficult to determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of our current or future preclinical programs and
clinical trials of our product candidates. 

The duration, costs
and timing of our clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a number of factors that include, but
are not limited to, the number of patients that enroll in the trial, per patient trial costs, number of sites included in the
trial, discontinuation rates of patients, duration of patient follow-up, efficacy and safety profile of the product candidate,
and the length of time required to enroll eligible patients. Additionally, the probability of success for our product candidate
will depend on a number of factors, including competition, manufacturing capability and cost efficiency, and commercial viability. 

General and Administrative   

General and administrative
expenses include compensation-related costs for our employees engaged in general and administrative activities (other than employees
engaged in research and development), legal fees, audit and tax fees, consultants and professional services, and general corporate
expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our general and administrative expenses increased by $7.8 million, or
291%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 our general and administrative expense increased $12.5 million, or 157%, when
compared to the same periods in 2015. The increases are due to the hiring of new employees and separation consideration provided
to our former Chief Executive Officer whom left the Company in June 2016, and to our former Chief Financial Officer whom left
the Company in August 2016. In addition, in the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, we incurred $8.0 million,
and $14.0 million, respectively, of non-cash stock-based compensation costs compared to $1.5 million and $3.8 million, respectively,
for such costs in the same periods in 2015. Share based compensation includes stock and options granted to our executive officers,
employees, directors, and consultants. As a result of the planned increase in our operations and increase in the number of our
employees, our general and administrative expenses in the future are expected to continue to increase. 

Deemed Dividend  

We recognized a one-time
deemed dividend of $49.5 million on August 16, 2016 related to the charges arising as a result of the beneficial conversion feature
of the Series B Preferred Stock. The deemed dividend was recorded on the date that our stockholders approved the provision in
the Series B Preferred Stock that allowed the Series B Preferred to convert into common stock, which was held on August 16, 2016.
This one-time, non-cash charge impacted net income attributable to common stockholder and earnings per share in the quarter ended
September 30, 2016. 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders

We had a net loss
attributable to common stockholders of $86.7 million and $19.3 million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively and for three month ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had a net loss attributable to common stockholders of $68.2
million and $7.6 million, respectively. The increase in our net loss during 2016 is due primarily due to the $49.5 million one-time
deemed dividend incurred in August 2016, and to an increase in research and development expenses and general and administrative
expenses, as described above. We anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses in the future as we continue to invest in
our research and development, and we do not expect to generate any revenues in the near term. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Our principal sources of working capital
have been private and public equity financings and interest income. 

We are currently engaged in the development
of therapeutics to fight cancer. We do not have any commercial products and have not yet generated any revenues from our biopharmaceutical
business. We currently do not anticipate that we will generate any revenues during 2016 from the sale or licensing of any products.
As shown in the accompanying condensed financial statements, we have incurred a net loss of $37.2 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and used $20.5 million of cash in our operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
As of September 30, 2016, we had $179.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments on hand, stockholders 
equity of $179.1 million and had working capital of $177.4 million. 

We expect to further increase our research
and development activities, which will increase the amount of cash we will use during 2017. Specifically, we expect increased
spending on clinical trials, research and development activities, higher payroll expenses as we increase our professional and
scientific staff, as well as continuing payments under our Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) with the National
Cancer Institute (NCI) and continued and expansion of manufacturing activities. Based on the funds we have available, we believe
that we have sufficient capital to fund our anticipated operating expenses for at least 12 months from the date of filing this
quarterly report. 

Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities (in thousands):   

Net cash used in operating
activities was approximately $20.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $11.8 million
in the same period in 2015. Net cash used in operating activities primarily consisted of cash payments related to the increased
spending within our research and development group in support of our clinical development programs and manufacturing costs, as
well as the increase in our administrative functions as we scale up our business to support of the clinical activities. The timing
of cash requirements may vary from period to period depending on our research and development activities, including our planned
clinical trials. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was approximately $16.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to net cash used in investing
activities of approximately $80.3 million in the same period of 2015. Net cash used in investing activities in 2016 related
to net purchases of short-term investments in the amount of $110.2 million, offset by maturities of $94.2 million, and capital
expenditures of $0.8 million. 

Net cash provided
by financing activities was $96.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily as a result of the Private Placement
in the amount of $95.7 million, compared to approximately $78.0 million in the same period of 2015 due to the underwritten
public offering of $68.3 million. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

At September 30, 2016, we had no obligations
that would require disclosure as off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates   

Our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed financial statements and accompanying notes, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. When making these estimates and assumptions, we consider
our historical experience, our knowledge of economic and market factors and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results may differ under different estimates and assumptions. 

The accounting estimates and assumptions
discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because
they inherently involve significant judgments and uncertainties. There were no significant changes to our critical accounting
policies from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 

Inflation   

Inflation and changing prices have had no effect on our continuing
operations over our two most recent fiscal years. 

Item
    3.   
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

Our exposure to market
risk is limited primarily to interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates,
particularly because a significant portion of our investments are in short-term debt securities issued by the U.S. government,
corporations and institutional money market funds. The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal.
Due to the nature of our marketable securities, we believe that we are not exposed to any material market risk. We do not have
any derivative financial instruments or foreign currency instruments. If interest rates had varied by 10% in the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, it would not have had a material effect on our results of operations or cash flows for that period. 

Item
    4.   
       Controls
    and Procedures    

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted
an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange
Act as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive
officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end
of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. 

Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting  

There have not been any changes in the Company s internal
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act)
during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item
    1.   
       Legal
    Proceedings    

Nothing to report .  

Item
    1A.   
       Risk
    Factors    

Information regarding
risk factors appears under  Risk Factors  included in Item 1A, Part I, and under Item 7, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015. Except as follows, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the above-mentioned
periodic report. 

We may be subject to claims for rescission or damages
in connection with certain sales of shares of our common stock in the open market.   

In January 2014, the SEC declared effective
a registration statement that we filed to cover the resale of shares issued and sold (or to be issued and sold) by certain selling
stockholders. On March 11, 2016, that registration statement (and the prospectus contained therein) became ineligible for future
use, and selling stockholders could no longer sell any shares of our common stock in open market transactions by means of that
prospectus. We believe that certain stockholders did sell up to 128,500 shares of our common stock in open market transactions
in May 2016 by means of the ineffective registration statement/prospectus. Accordingly, those sales were not made in accordance
with Sections 5 and 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act, and the purchasers of those shares may have rescission rights (if they still
own the shares) or claims for damages (if they no longer own the shares). In addition, we also may have indemnification obligations
to the selling stockholders. The amount of any such liability is uncertain. 

Item
    2.   
       Unregistered
    Sales of Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

Nothing to report. 

Item
    3.   
       Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities.    

Nothing to report. 

Item
    4.   
       Mine
    Safety Disclosures    

Nothing to report. 

Item
    5.   
       Other
    Information.    

Nothing to report. 

Item
    6.   
       Exhibits    

*  Certain
portions of the Exhibit have been omitted based upon a pending request for confidential treatment filed by us with the SEC . The
omitted portions of the Exhibit have been separately filed by us with the SEC. 

 # Indicates a management contract or
compensatory plan or arrangement. 

  (1)         Previously
filed on August 8, 2016 as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.  

 (2)         Previously
filed on August 31, 2016 as an exhibit to the Company s pre-effective Amendment No. 1 on Form S-/A and incorporated herein
by reference. 

 (3)         Previously
filed on October 3, 2016 as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized. 

Lion
    Biotechnologies, Inc.     

November 4, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Maria Fardis   

Maria Fardis   

Chief Executive Officer
    (Principal Executive Officer)   

November 4, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Greg Schiffman   

Greg Schiffman   

Chief Financial Officer
    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-10.3>
 2
 v451596_ex10-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3  

Text Marked By [* * *] Has Been Omitted
Pursuant To A Request For Confidential 
Treatment And Was Filed Separately With The Securities And Exchange Commission. 

EXCLUSIVE AND CO-EXCLUSIVE LICENSE
AGREEMENT 

Between 

LION BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

and 

POLYBIOCEPT AB 

Effective
as of:  September  14, 2016  

EXCLUSIVE AND CO-EXCLUSIVE LICENSE
AGREEMENT  

This  Exclusive and
Co-Exclusive License Agreement  (this   Agreement  ) is made and entered into to be effective as of this 14th
day of September, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ), by and between 

Lion Biotechnologies,
Inc. 

 112 West 34th
Street 

 17th Floor 

 New York, New York 10120
USA 

a corporation organized
under the laws of the state of Nevada (  Lion  ), 

and 

PolyBioCept AB 

 Sankt Eriksgatan
43a 

 11234 Stockholm 

 Sweden 

a corporation organized
under the laws of Sweden (  PolyBioCept   or   Licensor  ). 

Lion and PolyBioCept
may be referred to herein individually as a   Party   or together as the   Parties .  

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , PolyBioCept
is the owner of certain cell therapy technologies and derivatives thereof; 

WHEREAS  ,
Lion desires to obtain a license from PolyBioCept to certain intellectual property necessary for the Development, Manufacture,
and Commercialization of Products (as defined herein) upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; and 

WHEREAS  ,
Lion and PolyBioCept executed a non-binding Term Sheet for Exclusive and Co-Exclusives dated May 9, 2016 (the   Term Sheet  ),
on which the terms of this Agreement are based. 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the mutual agreements, covenants and promises contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

1     DEFINITIONS   

For the purposes of
this Agreement, the following terms are defined as follows: 

1.1               1933
Act   means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

1.2               Acceptance  
means Licensor s receipt of a Notice of Acceptance Lion or the occurrence of Deemed Acceptance. 

1.3               Acceptance
Certificate   means the acceptance certificate attached at   Schedule 7  . 

1.4               Acceptance
Criteria   means the criteria set forth in Section III of   Schedule 2   attached hereto. 

1.5               Achievement  
and phrases of similar import mean the date of satisfaction of the condition specified in the corresponding section. 

1.6               Additional
Terms   mean the additional conditions, obligations and terms applicable to the Transfer of Know-How under Section 2.2,
which are set forth in   Schedule 2.1   attached hereto. 

1.7               Adverse
Event   means any untoward medical occurrence in a patient or clinical investigation subject who was administered a pharmaceutical
product and which does not necessarily have a causal relationship with such treatment. 

1.8               Affiliate  
of a Person means any other Person which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such
Person. As used in this definition of  Affiliate , the term  control  shall mean, as to any such other
Person, (a) direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) (or such lesser percentage as is the maximum allowed
to be owned by a foreign corporation in a particular jurisdiction) of the voting interests or other ownership interests in the
Person in question, or (b) possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies
of the Person in question (whether through ownership of securities or other ownership interests, by contract or otherwise). 

1.9               Agency  
means any applicable Governmental Authority involved in the regulation of or the granting of approvals for the research, Development,
Manufacturing, Commercialization, handling, use, storage, import, transport, distribution, marketing, sale, reimbursement and/or
pricing of Products or GE Products in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory. 

1.10            Aggregate
Sales   means the aggregate consideration actually received by Lion, and all sublicensees and Affiliates of Lion, whether
as money, securities, or otherwise, including, without limitation, all income, revenue, or other payments received by any of the
foregoing, from the sales or distribution of Covered Products and Covered GE Products. For avoidance of doubt, to calculate the
Aggregate Sales hereunder,  revenue actually received  by Lion and all sublicensees and Affiliates of Lion shall mean
revenue recognized in accordance with U.S. GAAP, provided that consideration from the sale or distribution of each unique Covered
Product and Covered GE Product shall only be counted once. 

1.11            Antigens  
means molecules, including, but not limited to, peptides, polysaccharides and lipids, that are recognized by antigen-specific receptors,
such as a B-Cell or T-Cell receptors and are capable of inducing an immune response. 

1.12            Antigen-Edited
Lymphocytes   means Lymphocytes that are produced by exposure to Antigens and Expansion in supportive conditions, such
as Cytokine Cocktails, CD3 antibodies, and/or other selection/growth conditions that promote their survival/Expansion;  provided,
however , as used in this definition of  Antigen-Edited Lymphocytes , the term  Antigens  shall not
include Antigens naturally occurring and present in the same Tumor sample from which the TIL are obtained prior to isolation of
the TIL from the Tumor sample. 

1.13            Applicable
Laws   means each applicable federal, state, local or foreign constitution, treaty, law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation,
interpretation, directive, policy, order, writ, award, decree, injunction, judgment, stay or restraining order of any Governmental
Authority, the terms of any Regulatory Approval, and any other ruling or decision of, agreement with or by, or any other requirement
of, any Governmental Authority.    

1.14            Background
Patents   means Patents Controlled by Licensor as of the Effective Date of this Agreement, other than the Licensed Patents. 

1.15            Budget  
means the budget set forth in   Schedule 2.3   attached hereto. 

1.16            Business
Day   means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the state of Delaware are permitted
or obligated by law to close. 

1.17            Challenge  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.4.2(b). 

1.18            Claim  
means allegations, actions, causes of action, claims, demand, investigations, administrative or legal proceedings, Proceedings,
and suits. 

1.19            Clinical
Trials Agreement   means that certain Clinical Trials Agreement to be executed by and between Lion and KH and attached
hereto at   Schedule 4  , as the same may be amended from time to time. 

1.20            Code  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.7. 

1.21            Commercialize  /  Commercialization  /  Commercializing  /  Commercialized  
means activities directed to the marketing, promotion, use, selling, or offering for sale of a product, including pre-marketing,
advertising, educating, planning, marketing, promoting, distributing, importing, exporting, post-marketing safety surveillance
and reporting. For clarity, Commercialization shall not include any activities related to the Manufacturing or Development of Products
or GE Products. 

1.22            Commercially
Reasonable Efforts   means, with respect to a Party, carrying out of tasks and obligations under this Agreement with respect
to the Development, Manufacture or Commercialization of a Product or GE Product, as applicable, at the level of efforts as would
be consistent with actions in respect to a product Controlled by such Party that is of a market potential similar to the market
potential of such Product or GE Product, as applicable, and at a similar stage in the Development or of its product life, taking
into account data from Product- or GE-Product-related (as applicable) clinical trials (whether or not such Party is the sponsor
of such trial); establishment or projected position of such Product or GE Product, as applicable, in the marketplace; the competitiveness
of the marketplace; the proprietary position of the Product or GE Product, as applicable; any blocking Third Party intellectual
property positions, as applicable; the regulatory environment with respect to products similar to the Product or GE Product, as
applicable; the likelihood of Regulatory Approval; the actual or projected pricing and reimbursement of such Product or GE Product;
the relative safety, efficacy, convenience and product label of the Product or GE Product (as applicable) as compared to other
products; the actual or projected profitability of such Product or GE Product, including the cost of Manufacture, royalties and
milestones payable to Licensors of Patent or other Intellectual Property rights; and all other relevant scientific, technical and
commercial factors. Commercially Reasonable Efforts shall be determined on a market-by-market and indication-by-indication basis
for a particular Product or GE Product, as applicable, and it is anticipated that the level of effort shall be different for different
markets and different indications and shall change over time, reflecting changes in the status of the Product or GE Product, as
applicable, and the market(s) and indication(s) involved. 

1.23            Competitive
Infringement   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.1. 

1.24            Completion
of Clinical Studies   means receipt by Lion of the final clinical study reports in a format consistent with the structure
and content guidelines set forth in the ICH E3 guidance,     Structure and Content of Clinical Study Reports  
for at least one (1) of the Clinical Studies (as defined in the Clinical Trials Agreement). 

1.25            Completion
Notice   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.2(a). 

1.26            Confidential
Information   shall mean Lion Confidential Information or PolyBioCept Confidential Information, as applicable, except
Confidential Information shall not include information that the Recipient can substantiate by documentary evidence: (a) was known
to the Recipient at the time of its receipt; (b) was, or has become, publicly known and made generally available in the public
domain through no wrongful act of the Recipient; (c) is rightfully received from lawful disclosure by a third party without any
breach of this Agreement or such third party s obligations of confidentiality; (d) is approved for release by prior written
authorization of the Discloser; (e) is independently developed by the Recipient (as established by dated documentation) without
access to the information provided by the Discloser; or (f) the Recipient is required by law to disclose pursuant to a court order,
the [* * *] Agreement (subject to Section 6.1.1(d)), or other governmental requirement, but with respect to a disclosure required
by law pursuant to a court order or other governmental requirement, only if the Recipient gives reasonable notice to the Discloser,
uses its commercially reasonable efforts to limit such disclosure in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Discloser and, to
the extent permissible under Applicable Laws, provides the Discloser a reasonable opportunity to seek a protective order. 

1.27            Confidentiality
Agreement   means the Confidentiality and Nondisclosure Agreement dated October 16, 2015, between Lion and PolyBioCept. 

1.28            Consulting
Agreement   means the certain Consulting Agreement dated September 14, 2016, executed by and between Lion and PolyBioCept
and attached hereto at   Schedule 5  , as the same may be amended from time to time. 

1.29            Contest  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.4.2(b). 

1.30            Control  
/   Controlled   means, with respect to any intellectual property right, that a Party owns, has a license or sublicense
to, or otherwise has the legal right to grant access, license or sublicense in or to such right without violating the terms of
any agreement or other arrangement with any Third Party. 

1.31            Covered
GE Product   means a GE Product, the manufacture, importation, use, offer for sale, or sale of which, would infringe a
Valid Claim of an Issued Licensed Patent but for the license granted in Section 2.1.1. 

1.32            Covered
Product   means a Product, the manufacture, importation, use, offer for sale, or sale of which, would infringe a Valid
Claim of an Issued Licensed Patent but for the license granted in Section 2.1.1. 

1.33            Cytokine
Cocktails   means combinations of cytokines and/or other prosurvival and/or proliferative factors and/or methods, including,
but not limited to, [* * *]. 

1.34            Data
and Documentation   means Data and Documentation Nos. 1, 2, and 3 set forth in Section I on   Schedule 2   attached
hereto, as such Data and Documentation Nos. 1, 2, and 3 exist as of the Effective Date, including any revisions made by PolyBioCept
to the tangible or electronic copy of Data and Documentation Nos. 2 and 3 and tangible or electronic copy of a previous draft of
Data and Documentation No. 1 received by Lion prior to the Effective Date. 

1.35            Data
and Documentation No. 1   has the meaning set forth in Section (I)(1) of   Schedule 2   attached hereto. 

1.36            Data
and Documentation No. 2   has the meaning set forth in Section (I)(2) of   Schedule 2   attached hereto. 

1.37            Data
and Documentation No. 3   has the meaning set forth in Section (I)(3) of   Schedule 2   attached hereto. 

1.38            Deemed
Acceptance   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.2(b). 

1.39            Demonstration
of Concept   means the scope of work set forth in Section II on   Schedule 2   attached hereto. 

1.40            Develop  
/   Development   /   Developing   /   Developed   means non-clinical and clinical
research and biological product development activities, including toxicology, test method development and stability testing, process
development, formulation development, delivery system development, quality assurance and quality control development, statistical
analysis, clinical studies (including pre- and post-approval studies), regulatory affairs, and product approval and clinical study
regulatory activities. 

1.41            Discloser  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.5.3(b). 

1.42            Discontinued
Maintenance   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.3(a). 

1.43            Designated
Senior Officers   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4. 

1.44            Dispute  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4. 

1.45            Election
Not to Pursue   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.3(a). 

1.46            Election
To Pursue   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.3(a). 

1.47            EMA  
means the European Medicines Agency and any successor thereto. 

1.48            Enrich  
/   Enrichment   /   Enriching   /   Enriched   means production of Lymphocytes
with an increased percentage of Selected Lymphocytes, in particular TILs. 

1.49            Equipment
and Materials   means the equipment and materials set forth in   Schedule 2.2   attached hereto. 

1.50            Excluded
Claim   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4. 

1.51            Exclusions  
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1.6. 

1.52            Exclusive
License Payment   has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2. 

1.53            Expand  
/   Expansion   /   Expanding   /   Expanded   means proliferation of Lymphocytes,
in particular TIL, wherein at least a subset of the proliferated Lymphocytes is clonally multiplied. 

1.54            FDA  
means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and any successor thereto. 

1.55            FDCA  
means the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the rules, regulations, guidelines, guidances and requirements
promulgated thereunder, as may be in effect from time to time. 

1.56            15-Day
Notice Period   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.3. 

1.57            Field  
means all uses for the prevention, treatment, mitigation, palliation or diagnosis of cancer, except melanoma, in humans or animals. 

1.58            First
Approval   means the granting by the FDA or EMA,     whichever occurs first, of marketing
authorization, which finalizes a process of reviewing and assessing the dossier to support a medicinal product in view of its marketing
(also called licensing, registration, approval, etc.). 

1.59            First
Approval Expansion Milestone Payment   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.4. 

1.60            First
Successful Completion of a Phase II Trial   means, with respect to the specified construct, formulation, and dose of a
specified Covered Product or Covered GE Product, the statistical demonstration in a Phase II Trial of safety and efficacy, sponsored
by Lion, its Representatives, or a sublicensee of Lion, using such Covered Product or Covered GE Product Manufactured by Lion,
its Representatives, or a sublicensee of Lion;  provided, however , that the statistical demonstration in such Phase II Trial
is sufficient to support a Phase III Trial acceptable to the FDA or EMA, for the construct, formulation and dose of the same Covered
Product or Covered GE Product. 

1.61            GAAP  
means the U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

1.62           [*
* *]  Agreement   means the Exclusive License Agreement among PolyBioCept AB, Markus Maeurer, Ernest Dodoo, Jakob Geyer,
Per Batelson, and [* * *] [* * *], executed on October 1, 2015, and effective as of April 28, 2015. 

1.63            [ *
* *] -Maintained Licensed Patent   means a Licensed Patent that (i) is identified as  [* * *]-Maintained 
in   Schedule 1   attached hereto and all subsequently filed Patents claiming priority thereto that are Controlled by
Licensor or (ii) constitutes or becomes a [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patent under the [* * *] Agreement and all subsequently filed
Patents claiming priority thereto that are Controlled by Licensor. 

1.64           [*
* *]  Notice   has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.3(b). 

1.65            Genetically
Engineer   /   Genetic Engineering   /   Genetically Engineered   means modification
of the genome and/or the transcriptome of a cell, in particular a Lymphocyte. Genetic Engineering may be performed on the level
of DNA or RNA. Genetic Engineering includes, without limitation, genome editing by insertion, replacement, or removal of DNA from
the genome,  e.g. , by using artificially engineered nucleases; post-transcriptional gene modification, such as RNA interference;
or employing DNA or RNA delivery systems, not excluding different vector system or genetic material coupled to lipids or proteins. 

1.66            GE
Product   means Genetically Engineered TIL, including Genetically Engineered tumor-infiltrating T Cells, isolated from
Tumor samples, which Genetically Engineered TIL are produced by Expansion, Selection, and/or Enrichment using Cytokine Cocktails;
 provided, however , that GE Product shall not include Genetically Engineered Antigen-Edited Lymphocytes. 

1.67            GE
Product Complaint   means a written, oral or electronic communication that alleges deficiencies related to the identity,
quality, purity, durability, reliability, safety, or effectiveness or performance of a GE Product. 

1.68            Governmental
Authority     means any supranational ( e.g. , the European Union (  EU  )), national, regional,
state, provincial, local or other government, or other court of competent jurisdiction, legislature, governmental, administrative
or regulatory agency, department, body, bureau, council or commission or any other supranational, national, regional, state, provincial,
local or other governmental authority or instrumentality, in each case having jurisdiction in any country or other jurisdiction. 

1.69            Government
Official   or   Public Official   means (i) any official, officer, employee, representative, or anyone
acting in an official capacity on behalf of (a) any government or any department or agency thereof; (b) any public international
organization (such as the United Nations, the International Monetary Fund, the International Red Cross, or the World Health Organization),
or any department, agency, or institution thereof; or (c) any government-owned or controlled company, institution, or other entity,
including a government-owned hospital or university; (ii) any political party or party official; and (iii) any declared candidate
for political office. 

1.70            ICC  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.4. 

1.71            Indemnified
Party   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.3(a). 

1.72            Indemnifying
Party   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.3(a). 

1.73            Indemnity
Claim   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.3(a). 

1.74            Insured
Product Activity   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.1. 

1.75            Intellectual
Property   means Patents, Know-How, trademarks, service marks, registered designs, copyrights, database rights, design
rights, applications for any of the above, and any similar right recognized in any jurisdiction, together with all rights of action
in relation to the infringement or misappropriation of any of the above. 

1.76            Initial
Term   means the period beginning on the Effective Date and expiring thirty (30) years thereafter. 

1.77            Invalidity
Claim   has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.3(a). 

1.78            Issued
Licensed Patent   means a Licensed Patent that has been granted (issued) by a Governmental Authority or pursuant to which
Licensor may otherwise bring a claim of infringement under or based upon. 

1.79            KI
Affiliated Hospital   means a hospital that is affiliated with Karolinska Institutet (  KI  ), in particular
the Karolinska University Hospital (  KH  ), for example, with locations in Stockholm, Stockholm Huddinge and
Stockholm Solna, Sweden. 

1.80            Know-How  
means any information, results and data of any type whatsoever, in any tangible or intangible form or medium whatsoever (including
in print, electronic or digital form), including databases, ideas, discoveries, inventions, Trade Secrets, practices, methods,
tests, assays, techniques, specifications, processes, formulations, formulae, knowledge, know-how, skill, experience, materials,
including pharmaceutical, chemical and biological materials, products and compositions, scientific, technical or test data (including
pharmacological, biological, chemical, biochemical, toxicological and clinical test data), analytical and quality control data,
stability data, studies and procedures, drawings, plans, designs, diagrams, sketches, technology, documentation and descriptions
and all other technical and business information. 

1.81            Knowledge  
and phrases of similar import mean the actual knowledge of the Party referenced and the knowledge that such Party would reasonably
be expected to possess after a diligent investigation of the subject matter in question. In the case of Licensor,  Knowledge 
shall include the actual knowledge of the Named Professors and the knowledge that such Named Professors would reasonably be expected
to possess after a diligent investigation of the subject matter in question. 

1.82            Labeling  
has the meaning set forth in Section 201(m) of the FDCA (21 U.S.C.   321(m)) (or any successor or applicable foreign equivalent
thereto), including the applicable product s label, packaging and package inserts accompanying such product, and any other
written, printed, or graphic materials accompanying such product, including patient instructions or patient indication guides. 

1.83            Liabilities  
means any and all awards, commitments, costs, damages, decrees, expenses, fines, judgments, levies, liabilities, losses, obligations,
orders, and penalties of any nature, whether accrued or unaccrued, fixed, absolute, contingent or otherwise. 

1.84            License
Agreements   mean all agreements executed by Licensor prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement that establish rights
in any Licensed Patent or Licensed Know-How to any Third Party, a list of which is provided in   Schedule 3   attached
hereto. 

1.85            Licensed
Intellectual Property   means the Licensed Know-How and Licensed Patents. 

1.86            Licensed
Know-How   means all Know-How Controlled by Licensor as of the Effective Date of this Agreement that is necessary or useful
to Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize Products or Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize GE Products in the Field in the Unrestricted
Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory under Section 2.1.1;  provided, however , that Licensed
Know-How shall not include any Know How subject to the Exclusions. 

1.87            Licensed
Patents   means Patents Controlled by Licensor as of the Effective Date, being listed in   Schedule 1   attached
hereto;  provided, however , that Licensed Patents shall not include any Patents subject to the Exclusions. For avoidance
of doubt, Licensed Patents includes any and all Patents that claim priority to one or more of the patent applications listed in
  Schedule 1  , whether currently pending or subsequently filed and/or granted (issued). 

1.88            Licensor
Indemnified Party   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.1. 

1.89            Licensor
Sole Inventions   has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.1(b). 

1.90            Lion
Claim   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.1(a)(vi). 

1.91            Lion
Confidential Information   means Lion Sole Inventions (as defined in Section 6.1.1) and any Intellectual Property Controlled
by Lion relating to any of the foregoing and any and all tangible or intangible information (whether written, oral or in any electronic,
visual or other medium) that concerns Lion or its Representatives that is disclosed or provided to PolyBioCept or its Representatives
before or after the Effective Date in connection with the evaluation, negotiation, consideration, or consummation of, or pursuant
to, this Agreement or through any visits by PolyBioCept or its Representatives to Lion s facilities (including any analyses,
materials, products or conclusions drawn or derived therefrom). 

1.92            Lion
Indemnified Party   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.2. 

1.93            Lion
Insurance   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.1. 

1.94            Lion-Maintained
Licensed Patents   means a Licensed Patent that becomes a Lion-Maintained Licensed Patent pursuant to Section 6.2.3 herein. 

1.95            Lion-Owned
Patents   mean Patents that claim Lion Sole Inventions (as defined in Section 6.1.1). 

1.96            Lion
Sole Inventions   has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.1(a). 

1.97            Lymphocytes  
means natural killer cells, B Cells, and T Cells. 

1.98            Manufacture  /
  Manufacturing  /   Manufactured   means making and having made, including all operations in
the acquisition of materials and the production, testing, warehousing, packaging, Labeling and, as applicable, release to the market,
importing and having imported. 

1.99            MPA  
means the Medical Product Agency and any successor thereto. 

1.100          Named
Professors   means Professors Markus Maeurer and Ernest Dodoo. 

1.101          Notice
of Acceptance   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.2(b). 

1.102          Notice
of Nonconformity   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.2(b). 

1.103          Notice
of Provisioned Facility   has the meaning set forth in Section 3 of   Schedule 2.1   attached hereto. 

1.104          Notice
of True-up Amount   has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b) of  Schedule 2.1  attached hereto. 

1.105          Original
Indications   means pancreatic cancer and glioblastoma. 

1.106          Party-Specific
Regulations   mean all judgments, decrees, orders or similar decisions issued by any Governmental Authority specific to
a Party, and all consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, or other agreements or undertakings of any kind by a Party with
any Governmental Authority, in each case as the same may be in effect from time to time and applicable to a Party s activities
contemplated by this Agreement. 

1.107          Patent
Fees     means the out-of-pocket costs incurred for the filing, prosecution and maintenance of Patents and other
Third Party fees related thereto, including any patent attorney fees and fees to Governmental Authorities associated therewith. 

1.108          Patents  
means the rights and interests in and to any and all issued patents and pending patent applications (including inventors certificates
and utility models) in any country or jurisdiction, including any and all provisionals, non-provisionals, substitutions, continuations,
continuations-in-part, divisionals and other continuing applications, supplementary protection certificates, renewals and letters
patent on any of the foregoing, and any and all reissues, reexaminations, extensions, confirmations, registrations and patents
of addition. 

1.109          PBC
Genetic Engineering Technology   means (a) Know-How comprising PolyBioCept Confidential Information to the extent comprising
any invention, apparatus, composition, method, process, or technique used for or useful in Genetic Engineering, and/or (b) Patents
Controlled by PolyBioCept to the extent disclosing any invention, apparatus, composition, method, process, or technique used for
or useful in Genetic Engineering. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any PBC Genetic Engineering Technology may be used
for or useful in exploiting the licenses granted in Sections 2.1.1 and/or 2.1.2 for purposes other than Genetic Engineering, such
use for purposes other than Genetic Engineering are deemed included in the licenses granted in Sections 2.1.1 and 2.1.2. 

1.110          Permitted
Lion Assignee   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.5 

1.111          Person  
means any individual, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, syndicate, sole proprietorship,
corporation, unincorporated association, trust, trustee, executor, administrator or other legal personal representative, or any
other legal entity. 

1.112        
  Phase I Trial   means a human clinical trial of an investigational new drug in the U.S. or EU that would satisfy
the requirements of 21 C.F.R.   312.21(a), or its foreign equivalent. 

1.113          Phase
II Period   has the meaning set forth in Section 8.4.2(d)(ii). 

1.114          Phase
II Trial   means a human clinical trial of an investigational new drug in the U.S. or EU that would satisfy the requirements
of 21 C.F.R.   312.21(b), or its foreign equivalent. 

1.115          Phase
III Period   has the meaning set forth in Section 8.4.2(d)(iii). 

1.116          Phase
III Trial   means a human clinical trial of an investigational new drug in the U.S. or EU that would satisfy the requirements
of 21 C.F.R.   312.21(c), or its foreign equivalent. 

1.117          Phase
IV Period   has the meaning set forth in Section 8.4.2(d)(iv). 

1.118          PolyBioCept
Claim   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1.2(a)(vi). 

1.119          PolyBioCept
Confidential Information   means the Background Patents, Licensed Intellectual Property (including Licensed Patents and
Licensed Know-How), Licensor Sole Inventions, any Intellectual Property Controlled by Licensor relating to any of the foregoing,
and any and all tangible or intangible information (whether written, oral or in any electronic, visual or other medium) that concerns
PolyBioCept or its Representatives that is disclosed or provided to Lion or its Representatives before or after the Effective Date
in connection with the evaluation, negotiation, consideration, or consummation of, or pursuant to, this Agreement or through any
visits by Lion or its Representatives to PolyBioCept s facilities (including any analyses, materials, products or conclusions
drawn or derived therefrom). 

1.120          PolyBioCept
Insurance   has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2.3. 

1.121          PolyBioCept-Maintained
Licensed Patent   means (i) a Licensed Patent that is identified as  PolyBioCept-Maintained  in   Schedule
1   attached hereto and all subsequently filed Patents claiming priority thereto that are Controlled by Licensor, (ii) a
Licensed Patent that constitutes or becomes a PolyBioCept-Maintained Licensed Patent under the [* * *] Agreement and all subsequently
filed Patents claiming priority thereto that are Controlled by Licensor, or (iii) a Licensed Patent that PolyBioCept Elects To
Pursue pursuant to its step-in rights under the [* * *] Agreement and all subsequently filed Patents claiming priority thereto
that are Controlled by Licensor. 

1.122          PolyBioCept
Personnel   means PolyBioCept Representatives and Third-Party contractors selected by PolyBioCept to perform the Demonstration
of Concept. 

1.123          Proceeding  
means any claim (including any product liability claim), action, suit, arbitration, inquiry, audit, proceeding or investigation
by or before or otherwise involving, any Governmental Authority. 

1.124          Product  
means TIL, including tumor-infiltrating T Cells, isolated from Tumor samples, which TIL are produced by Expansion, Selection, and/or
Enrichment using Cytokine Cocktails;  provided, however , that Product shall not include Antigen-Edited Lymphocytes. 

1.125          Product
Complaint   means a customer s written, oral or electronic communication that alleges deficiencies related to the
identity, quality, purity, durability, reliability, safety, or effectiveness or performance of a Product. 

1.126          Product
Expansion Milestone Payment   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.1. 

1.127          Product
Selection/Enrichment Milestone Payment   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.4.2. 

1.128          Professional
Third Party   has the meaning set forth in Section 7.5.3(c). 

1.129          Recipient  
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.5.3(b). 

1.130          Regulatory
Approval   means all approvals (including marketing authorization, application approvals, and supplements and amendments
thereto and any required pricing approval), licenses, registrations or authorizations of any Governmental Authority necessary to
develop or commercialize goods. 

1.131          Regulatory
Authority   means, in a particular country or jurisdiction, any applicable Governmental Authority involved in granting
Regulatory Approval in such country or jurisdiction. 

1.132          Regulatory
Filings   means regulatory applications, submissions, notifications, communications, correspondence, registrations, marketing
authorization applications, and/or other filings made to, received from, or otherwise conducted with a Regulatory Authority in
connection with the development or commercialization of goods in a particular country or jurisdiction. 

1.133          Renewal
Term   has the meaning ascribed to that term in Section 8.1 of this Agreement. 

1.134          REP  
means the rapid Expansion process set forth in Data and Documentation No. 1. 

1.135          Representatives   
 means, with respect to a Party, such Party s Affiliates and each of that Party s and its Affiliates  respective
directors, officers, employees and agents. In the case of Licensor,  Representatives  shall include the Named Professors. 

1.136          Research
Program   has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Sponsored Research Agreement. 

1.137          Restricted
Field   means all uses for the prevention, treatment, mitigation, palliation or diagnosis of melanoma in humans or animals. 

1.138          Restricted
Territory   means worldwide, except for Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan,
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia. 

1.139          Share  
means the unregistered common stock, par value of $0.000041666 per share, of Lion or the equivalent shares of a Permitted Lion
Assignee. 

1.140          Select  
/   Selection   /   Selecting   /   Selected   means determining the presence
of specific Lymphocytes, in particular specific TILs, within a composition of Lymphocytes,  e.g. , based on the presence of
specific cell surface markers or epigenetic profiles. Selection may additionally include isolation of specific Lymphocytes, in
particular specific TILs from the composition. 

1.141          60-Day
Notice Period   shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.3. 

1.142          Sponsored
Research Agreement   means that certain Sponsored Research Agreement to be executed by and between Lion and KI and attached
hereto at   Schedule 6   upon execution, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

1.143          Taxes  
means all taxes of any kind, and all charges, fees, customs, levies, duties, imposts, required deposits or other assessments, including
all federal, state, local or foreign net income, capital gains, gross income, gross receipt, property, franchise, sales, use, excise,
withholding, payroll, employment, social security, workers  compensation, unemployment, occupation, capital stock, ad valorem,
value added, transfer, gains, windfall profits, net worth, asset, transaction, and other taxes, and any interest, penalties or
additions to tax with respect thereto, imposed upon any Person by any taxing authority or other Governmental Authority under the
laws of the United States or any foreign Applicable Law. 

1.144          Term  
means the Initial Term and the Renewal Term(s), if any. 

1.145          Term
Sheet   has the meaning set forth in the recitals. 

1.146          Term
Sheet Fee(s)   has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1. 

1.147          TIL  
means tumor-infiltrating Lymphocytes. 

1.148          Third
Party     means any Person other than Lion, on the one hand, or PolyBioCept, on the other hand, or their respective
Representatives. 

1.149          Trade
Secrets   mean all tangible or intangible information that meets the definition of  trade secrets  under the
Delaware Uniform Trade Secrets Act (  DEUTSA  ). 

1.150          Transfer
of Know-How   has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2.1. 

1.151          True-up
Amount   means the lesser of (i) the total cost and expenditures in performing the Transfer of Know-How, consistent with
the Budget, less one hundred fifty thousand dollars (US$150,000) or (ii) fifty thousand dollars (US$50,000). 

1.152          Tumors  
means all malignant tumors, including, in particular, malignant tumors containing TIL. 

1.153          Unrestricted
Territory   means worldwide. 

1.154          USPTO  
means the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and any successor thereto. 

1.155          Valid
Claim   shall mean a claim of a granted (issued) and unexpired Licensed Patent in a jurisdiction where that claim (i)
has not been held unenforceable, unpatentable, or invalid by a Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction in a final, unappealable
decision or judgment, or one for which the time for appeal has passed, and (ii) has not been admitted to be invalid or unenforceable
through disclaimer, surrender or otherwise;  provided, however , that no admission of invalidity or unenforceability in a
reissue application shall constitute an admission of invalidity or unenforceability to the extent any claims are allowed and issue
in a subsequent Issued Licensed Patent from such reissue application. 

1.156         Interpretation .
Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine, and neuter forms. The word  or 
is not exclusive and the words  include,   includes  and  including  shall be deemed to be
followed by the phrase  without limitation.  The word  will  shall be construed to have the same meaning
and effect as the word  shall.  This Agreement has been prepared jointly with the assistance of counsel and shall not
be strictly construed against any Party. The captions or headings of the Articles, Sections or other subdivisions hereof are inserted
only as a matter of convenience or for reference and shall have no effect on the meaning of the provisions hereof. Unless the context
requires otherwise, (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument, or other document herein shall be construed
as referring to such agreement, instrument, or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented, or otherwise modified
(subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements, or modifications set forth herein or therein), (b) any reference
to any Applicable Laws herein shall be construed as referring to any law, statute, rule, regulation, ordinance, or other pronouncement
having the effect of law of any federal, national, multinational, state, provincial, county, city, or other political subdivision,
domestic or foreign, as they from time to time may be enacted, repealed, or amended, (c) any reference herein to any Person shall
be construed to include the Person s successors and assigns, (d) the words  herein,   hereof,  and
 hereunder,  and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to
any particular provision hereof, (e) any reference herein to the words  mutually agree  or  mutual written agreement 
shall not impose any obligation on either Party to agree to any terms relating thereto or to engage in discussions relating to
such terms except as such Party may determine in such Party s sole discretion, and (f) all references herein to Articles,
Sections, Exhibits, or Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles, Sections, Exhibits, and Schedules of this Agreement,
unless otherwise specified herein. 

2.1             License . 

2.1.1       Exclusive
License Grant . Subject to the conditions, obligations, and terms hereof, Licensor hereby grants to Lion during the Term, an
exclusive license, with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses, under the Licensed Intellectual Property to (a) Develop,
Manufacture, Commercialize, and, subject to the restrictions in this Section and elsewhere in this Agreement, Genetically Engineer
Products in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory and (b) Develop, Manufacture,
and Commercialize GE Products in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory;
 provided, however , that (i) PolyBioCept reserves (1) the right under the Licensed Intellectual Property to Develop and Manufacture
(but not Commercialize) Products in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory
for the sole purpose of Genetic Engineering said Products, (2) the right under the Licensed Intellectual Property to Genetically
Engineer Products and to Develop, Manufacture, and Commercialize GE Products, and (3) the right to engage its Representatives and
Third-Party contractors in exercising such rights retained under clauses (1) and (2) of this Section 2.1.1, and (ii) the licenses
granted to Lion in this Section 2.1.1 expressly exclude the right to use or otherwise exploit any PBC Genetic Engineering Technology
for Genetic Engineering. 

2.1.2       Non-Exclusive
License Grant . Subject to the conditions, obligations, and terms hereof, Licensor hereby grants to Lion during the Term a non-exclusive
license, with the right to grant and authorize sublicenses, under the Background Patents to the extent necessary or useful to (a)
Develop, Manufacture, Commercialize, or, subject to the restrictions in this Section and elsewhere in this Agreement, Genetically
Engineer Products in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory or (b) Develop,
Manufacture, or Commercialize GE Products in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted
Territory;  provided, however , that the licenses granted to Lion in this Section 2.1.2 expressly exclude the right to use
or otherwise exploit any PBC Genetic Engineering Technology for Genetic Engineering. 

2.1.3       Research
Rights .   Notwithstanding the license rights granted under Section 2.1.1, PolyBioCept shall have the right to grant sublicenses
under the Licensed Intellectual Property to KI and/or a KI Affiliated Hospital, their Representatives and their Third-Party contractors
to Develop and Manufacture Products in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory
solely for KI s and a KI Affiliated Hospital s internal research and academic purposes, including use in the treatment
of patients in KI Affiliated Hospitals, provided that PolyBioCept shall not have the right to authorize KI and/or a KI Affiliated
Hospital, their Representatives and their Third-Party contractors to Commercialize the Products in the Field in the Unrestricted
Territory and/or in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory. For the avoidance of doubt, solely for purposes of this Section
2.1.3,  treatment of patients  for internal research and academic purposes will not constitute  Commercialization, 
even if a patient or a Third Party compensates KI and/or a KI Affiliated Hospital for such treatment. 

2.1.4       Other
Licenses . Lion acknowledges that all rights granted by PolyBioCept to Lion hereunder are subject to the rights granted to [*
* *] ( [* * *] ) under the [* * *] Agreement and agrees that no rights granted hereunder shall conflict with any of
such rights granted under the [* * *] Agreement. 

2.1.5       Sublicensing
and Sub-distributing . The licenses granted under Sections 2.1.1 and 2.1.2 include the right of Lion to engage its Representatives
and Third-Party contractors in exercising such rights and in carrying out its activities and obligations under this Agreement during
the Term. Lion may sublicense its rights hereunder during the Term,  provided, however , that, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein, Licensor s obligations to assist with and provide technology transfer to any contract manufacturer shall
be subject to the provisions of Section 2.2. Further, Lion shall enter into an agreement with each permitted sublicensee or distributor
under terms no less stringent than those hereof with respect to the obligations or rights that are being sublicensed and/or subcontracted
and with respect to the permitted uses and permitted disclosure of Background Patents, Licensed Intellectual Property, and other
Intellectual Property and Confidential Information of Licensor, and Lion shall be fully responsible for any breach of this Agreement
by any sublicensee or Third-Party contractors. 

2.1.6       Exclusions .
Except as expressly stated herein, PolyBioCept grants no other rights in, or license under, the Intellectual Property Controlled
by PolyBioCept. The following is a non-exhaustive list of exclusions from the license rights granted to Lion under this Agreement: 

(a)          offering
to sell and/or selling the Cytokine Cocktail under the Licensed Intellectual Property; 

(b)          using
the Cytokine Cocktail under the Licensed Intellectual Property other than to (i) Develop, Manufacture, Commercialize, or, subject
to the restrictions in this Section and elsewhere in this Agreement, Genetically Engineer Products in the Field in the Unrestricted
Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory or (ii) Develop, Manufacture, or Commercialize GE Products in
the Field in the Unrestricted Territory or in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory under Section 2.1.1, including,
but not limited to, using the Cytokine Cocktail under the Licensed Intellectual Property to identify Antigens, neo-antigens, shared
Antigens, Antigens for chimeric Antigen receptors ( CARs ), B-Cell or T-Cell epitopes, T-Cell receptors ( TCRs ),
and/or recombinant antibodies; 

(c)          Developing,
Manufacturing, Commercializing, and/or Genetically Engineering Products and/or Developing, Manufacturing, and/or Commercializing
GE Products under the Licensed Intellectual Property outside the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and/or outside the Restricted
Field in the Restricted Territory; 

(d)          any
rights to or under European Patent Application No. EP 16 162 435.8 (and any and all Patents that are filed and/or issued after
the Effective Date and claim priority to said application), including, without limitation, determining the clinical/biological
relevance of a Product or GE Product according to a method described in the  platform;  identifying a TCR sequence
according to a method described in said application; or using, making, importing, having made, offering to sell, and/or selling
any other invention, product, apparatus, method, process, or technique described in said application, if and to the extent covered
by claims in said patent application; 

(e)          any
rights to or under Patent Application No. PCT/EP 2015/062992 (and any and all Patents that are filed and/or issued after the Effective
Date and claim priority to said application), including, without limitation, using, making, importing, having made, offering to
sell, and/or selling the cell culture medium or any invention, product, apparatus, method, process, or technique described in Patent
Application No. PCT/EP 2015/062992 (and any and all Patents that are filed and/or issued after the Effective Date and claim priority
to said application), if and to the extent covered by claims in said patent application; 

(f)          any
rights to or under Patents and/or Know-How Controlled by Licensor (or the portions thereof) claiming and/or pertaining to the GMP
cell reactor module ( i.e. , a device for the partial automation of cell Expansion with the Cytokine Cocktail under the Licensed
Intellectual Property, which is described in European Patent Publication No. EP2543719A1); or 

(g)          any
rights to or under any PBC Genetic Engineering Technology, except as stated in the definition of  PBC Genetic Engineering
Technology.  

Section 2.1.6(a)-(g) above shall be known
as the   Exclusions .  Licensor acknowledges that Licensor s Intellectual Property does not include (and
PolyBioCept has no basis in prohibiting Lion from using apart from) any apparatus, composition, method, process, or technique (i)
in the public domain now or in the future, (ii) that is disclosed but not claimed in a Patent granted (issued), except to the extent
subsequently claimed during the patent prosecution process and allowed and granted (issued), or (iii) that is Intellectual Property
Controlled by Lion or a Third Party and developed independently of Licensor s Intellectual Property. 

2.2             Transfer
of Know-How . 

2.2.1       Licensed
Know-How . In furtherance of the licenses granted by Licensor to Lion under this Agreement, Licensor shall, or shall cause its
Representatives, at Lion s expense to (a) transfer to Lion within two (2) Business Days of the Effective Date a tangible
or electronic copy of the Data and Documentation and (b) commence promptly after the Licensor s receipt of a Notice of Provisioned
Facility from Lion and use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to complete as soon as is reasonably practicable thereafter, the performance
of the Demonstration of Concept for Lion in accordance with the Acceptance Criteria (  Transfer of Know-How  ).
The Parties acknowledge that the Transfer of Know-How under this Section 2.2 is subject to the Additional Terms. PolyBioCept will
de-identify any pre-clinical or clinical trial data in the Data and Documentation and in any other Licensed Know-How to the extent
necessary to permit such transfer. 

2.2.2       Acceptance
of Transfer of Know-How . 

(a)          Upon
Licensor s transfer of the Data and Documentation to Lion and performance of the Demonstration of Concept for Lion in accordance
with the Acceptance Criteria and Section 2.2.1 above, Licensor shall promptly provide Lion with written notice thereof (  Completion
Notice  ). Lion acknowledges that prior to the Effective Date, Lion received a tangible or electronic copy of Data and
Documentation Nos. 2 and 3 and a tangible or electronic copy of a previous draft of Data and Documentation No. 1. 

(b)          Following
Lion s receipt of a Completion Notice from Licensor under subpart (a) or (c) of this Section, if Licensor has completed the
Transfer of Know-How in accordance with Section 2.2.1 above, then Lion shall promptly execute, and provide to Licensor an executed
copy of the Acceptance Certificate (  Notice of Acceptance  ). Following Lion s receipt of a Completion
Notice from Licensor under subpart (a) or (c) of this Section, if Lion does not agree that the Transfer of Know-How was completed
in accordance with Section 2.2.1 above, then Lion must provide to Licensor written notice specifying with as much detail as is
reasonably possible what Data and Documentation was not provided to Lion and/or in what respect the Demonstration of Concept fails
to comply with the Acceptance Criteria (  Notice of Nonconformity  ). If Lion fails to provide a Notice of Acceptance
or a Notice of Nonconformity to Licensor within ten (10) business days following Lion s receipt of a Completion Notice, then
Lion shall be deemed to have accepted the Transfer of Know-How (  Deemed Acceptance  ). Any disputes as to a Notice
of Nonconformity will be subject to Section 10.4. 

(c)          Subject
to Lion s right to terminate pursuant to Section 8.4.1, upon Licensor s receipt of a Notice of Nonconformity, Licensor
shall promptly commence and use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to complete as soon as is reasonably practicable thereafter, curing
each nonconformity identified in the Notice of Nonconformity. Once Licensor has cured each nonconformity identified in the Notice
of Nonconformity, Licensor shall promptly provide Lion with a Notice of Completion. 

2.3              Rights
Retained by PolyBioCept .   Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the licenses granted by Licensor hereunder shall be subject to the right of PolyBioCept (on behalf of itself and its
Affiliates and the licensees and assignees of PolyBioCept and its Affiliates) to use, reference and maintain copies of the Licensed
Intellectual Property and any Intellectual Property embodied therein, in each case, subject to the terms of Section 7.5.3: 

(a)          pursuant
to the rights retained by PolyBioCept in Section 2.1; 

(b)          to
extent necessary for PolyBioCept to fulfill any of its obligations under this Agreement; 

(c)          to
extent necessary for PolyBioCept to fulfill any of its obligations under any License Agreement; 

(d)          for
internal research by PolyBioCept; and 

(e)          for
the defense or prosecution of any Proceeding in which PolyBioCept or any of its Representatives is a party or a potential party. 

3     REGULATORY MATTERS   

3.1             Regulatory
Matters . As between the Parties, each Party will be responsible, at its own expense, for preparing and submitting all Regulatory
Filings with respect to Products Manufactured and/or Commercialized by such Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees or otherwise
on such Party s behalf under the Licensed Intellectual Property, and such Regulatory Filings shall be made in such Party s
name. As between the Parties, the Parties hereto agree that each Party shall be responsible, at its expense, for preparing and
submitting Regulatory Filings with respect to GE Products Manufactured and/or Commercialized by such Party, its Representatives,
its sublicensees or otherwise on such Party s behalf under the Licensed Intellectual Property, and such Regulatory Filings
shall be made in its own name. 

3.2             Safety . 

3.2.1        Each
Party shall maintain or cause a Third Party to maintain a global safety database (and Product Complaints database), at such Party s
expense, for the purposes of reporting Adverse Events and other reportable occurrences and inquiries regarding Products Manufactured
and/or Commercialized by such Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees or otherwise on such Party s behalf under the
Licensed Intellectual Property to fulfill pharmacovigilance requirements to relevant government Agencies in accordance with Applicable
Laws. Each Party shall maintain or cause a Third Party to maintain a global safety database (and GE Product Complaints database),
at its expense, for the purposes of reporting Adverse Events and other reportable occurrences and inquiries regarding GE Products
Manufactured and/or Commercialized by such Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees or otherwise on such Party s behalf
under the Licensed Intellectual Property to fulfill pharmacovigilance requirements to relevant government Agencies in accordance
with Applicable Laws. 

3.2.2        During
the Term, each Party shall be responsible, at its expense, for recording, investigating, summarizing, notifying, reporting and
reviewing (or causing a Third Party to do so) all Adverse Events and other reportable occurrences and inquiries associated with
Products and GE Products Manufactured and/or Commercialized by such Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees or otherwise on
such Party s behalf under the Licensed Intellectual Property in accordance with Applicable Laws and shall adhere to all requirements
of Applicable Laws related to the reporting and investigation of Adverse Events resulting from Products and GE Products Manufactured
and/or Commercialized by such Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees or otherwise on such Party s behalf under the
Licensed Intellectual Property and other reportable occurrences and inquiries. 

3.3            Compliance . 

3.3.1       Compliance
with Applicable Laws . Each of the Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Representatives to, conduct all activities
under this Agreement in such a manner as to comply with all Applicable Laws. 

3.3.2       Compliance
with Party-Specific Regulations . The Parties agree to cooperate with each other as may reasonably be required to ensure that
each is able to fully meet its obligations with respect to the Party-Specific Regulations applicable to it. Neither Party shall
be obligated to pursue any course of conduct that would result in such Party breaching or violating any Party-Specific Regulation
applicable to it. All Party-Specific Regulations are binding only in accordance with their terms and only upon the Party to which
they relate. 

3.4          Exclusions.
 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, nothing in this Section 3 shall create any obligations
on Lion s part for any Products or GE Products not Manufactured and/or Commercialized by Lion, a Lion Representative, a Lion
sublicensee or otherwise on behalf of Lion.  

4     DEVELOPMENT
AND COMMERCIALIZATION   

4.1            Development
Efforts .   During the Term,   Lion shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Develop under the Licensed Intellectual
Property one or more Products and one or more GE Products for use in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted
Field in the Restricted Territory, provided that the foregoing does not require Lion to Develop under the Licensed Intellectual
Property one or more Products and one or more GE Products for use in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted
Field in the Restricted Territory simultaneously. 

4.2            Manufacturing
and Commercialization Efforts . During the Term, Lion shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Manufacture, Genetically
Engineer (if applicable) and Commercialize under the Licensed Intellectual Property one or more Products and one or more GE Products
for use in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory, provided that the foregoing
does not require Lion to Manufacture, Genetically Engineer (if applicable) and Commercialize under the Licensed Intellectual Property
one or more Products and one or more GE Products for use in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted Field
in the Restricted Territory simultaneously. 

4.3            Principles
of Commercialization .   During the Term, as between Licensor and Lion, each Party shall bear   one hundred percent
(100%) of the expenses (including pre-marketing, marketing and detailing expenses) it has incurred or will incur in connection
with its Development, Manufacturing, Commercialization, and Genetic Engineering of Products and GE Products, as applicable, under
the Licensed Intellectual Property. 

4.4            No
Obligation to Provide Further Assistance . No Party shall have any obligation to assist the other Party with respect to the
Development, Manufacturing, Commercialization, and/or Genetic Engineering activities of the other Party, except as expressly provided
herein, unless the Parties agree otherwise in writing. 

4.5            Obligations
of the Parties with Respect to Inquiries . During the Term, each Party shall: (a) assume responsibility for all correspondence
and communication with health care professionals and customers relating to Products and GE Products Manufactured and/or Commercialized
by such Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees or otherwise on such Party s behalf under the Licensed Intellectual
Property; (b) provide, at its expense, responses to inquiries from health care professionals and customers, and respond to emergency
questions relating to Products and GE Products Manufactured and/or Commercialized by such Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees
or otherwise on such Party s behalf under the Licensed Intellectual Property; and (c) keep such records and make such reports
relating to Products and GE Products Manufactured and/or Commercialized by such Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees or
otherwise on such Party s behalf under the Licensed Intellectual Property, as is reasonably necessary to document such communications
in compliance with all Applicable Laws. 

4.6            Complaints .
During the Term, Lion shall be responsible, at its expense, for handling all Product Complaints with respect to Products Manufactured
and/or Commercialized by Lion, its Representatives, its sublicensees or otherwise on Lion s behalf under the Licensed Intellectual
Property. During the Term, each Party shall be responsible, at its expense, for handling GE Product Complaints with respect to
GE Products Manufactured and/or Commercialized by such Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees or otherwise on such Party s
behalf under the Licensed Intellectual Property, subject to any other contractual obligations that such Party may have. 

4.7            Recalls . 

4.7.1       Voluntary
Determination . Subject to Applicable Laws, as between Lion and Licensor, each Party shall be responsible for determining whether
and upon what terms and conditions the Products and GE Products Manufactured and/or Commercialized by such Party, its Representatives,
its sublicensees or otherwise on such Party s behalf under the Licensed Intellectual Property shall be Recalled or otherwise
withdrawn from sale to Third Parties, and such Party shall be responsible for discussions with Agencies regarding all aspects of
the Recall decision and the execution thereof, at its sole expense. 

4.7.2       Government
Directive . During the Term, if (a) any Agency issues a request, directive or order for a Recall of any Product or GE Product
Manufactured and/or Commercialized by a Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees or otherwise on such Party s behalf
under the Licensed Intellectual Property or (b) a court of competent jurisdiction orders a Recall of any Product or GE Product
Manufactured and/or Commercialized by a Party, its Representatives, its sublicensees or otherwise on such Party s behalf
under the Licensed Intellectual Property, then (as between Lion and Licensor) such Party shall be responsible for implementing
a Recall described in Section 4.7.1, at its sole expense. 

5     FINANCIAL TERMS   

5.1            Term
Sheet Fee(s) .    Licensor acknowledges that Lion made a non-refundable payment to PolyBioCept of one hundred thousand
dollars ($100,000) within five (5) days of execution of the Term Sheet (collectively, the   Term Sheet Fee  ). 

5.2            Exclusive
License Payment .   Upon the Effective Date, in partial consideration for the Transfer of Know-How under Section 2.2.1
and licenses granted to Lion in Sections 2.1.1 and 2.1.2, Lion shall pay to PolyBioCept two million five hundred thousand dollars
($2,500,000) in cash, less the Term Sheet Fee already paid by Lion to PolyBioCept (the   Exclusive License Payment  ).
Except as provided in Sections 8.4.1 and 8.4.3, the Exclusive License Payment is non-refundable. 

5.3            Milestone
Payments . For avoidance of doubt, each of the milestones fees and Share issuances set forth in Sections 5.4 and 5.5 shall only
be made once, if at all, whether paid/issued pursuant to this Section 5, pursuant to Section 8.4.2(d) or otherwise. Any subsequent
Achievement of the same milestone will not trigger another payment of milestone fees and issuances of Shares under Sections 5.4
and 5.5. Each event (trial, approval, etc.) can only trigger one (1) milestone fee and Share issuance; the same event cannot be
used to trigger more than one (1) milestone payment and Share issuance under Sections 5.4 and 5.5. All Share numbers set forth
in Sections 5.4 and 5.5 shall be adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and like events affecting the common
stock of Lion after the Effective Date. Lion shall provide PolyBioCept with written notice within ten (10) Business Days of Achievement
of a milestone that triggers payment of a fee and/or issuance of Shares under Section 5.4 or 5.5. 

5.4            Phase
II Successful Completion Milestone . 

5.4.1       Product
Expansion . Within thirty (30) Business Days of Lion s, its Representatives , or a sublicensee of Lion s [*
* *] of a Covered Product produced by Expansion using Cytokine Cocktails by Lion, its Representatives, or a sublicensee of Lion,
Lion shall (a) pay to PolyBioCept [* * *] in cash and (b) shall issue to PolyBioCept [* * *] Shares (  Product Expansion
Milestone Payment  ). 

5.4.2       Product
Selection and/or Enrichment . Within thirty (30) Business Days of Lion s, its Representatives , or a sublicensee
of [* * *] of a Covered Product produced by Selection and/or Enrichment using Cytokine Cocktails by Lion, its Representatives,
or a sublicensee of Lion, Lion shall (a) pay to PolyBioCept [* * *] in cash and (b) shall issue to PolyBioCept [* * *] Shares (  Product
Selection/Enrichment Milestone Payment  ). 

5.4.3       GE
Product . Within thirty (30) Business Days of Lion s, its Representatives , or a sublicensee of Lion s [*
* *] of a Covered GE Product produced by Lion, its Representatives, or a sublicensee of Lion, Lion shall (b) pay to PolyBioCept
[* * *] in cash and (b) shall issue to PolyBioCept [* * *] Shares]. 

5.4.4       FDA
and EMA Approval Fees - Product Expansion . Within thirty (30) Business Days of First Approval by the FDA or EMA of a Covered
Product produced by Lion, its Representatives, or a sublicensee of Lion by Expansion using Cytokine Cocktails, Lion shall (a) pay
to PolyBioCept [* * *] in cash and (b) shall issue to PolyBioCept [* * *] Shares (  First Approval Expansion Milestone
Payment  ). 

5.4.5       FDA
and EMA Approval Fees - Product Selection and/or Enrichment . Within thirty (30) Business Days of First Approval by the FDA
or EMA of a Covered Product produced by Lion, its Representatives, or a sublicensee of Lion by Selection and/or Enrichment using
Cytokine Cocktails, Lion shall (a) pay to PolyBioCept [* * *] in cash and (b) shall issue to PolyBioCept [* * *] Shares. 

5.4.6       FDA
and EMA Approval Fees - GE Product . Within thirty (30) Business Days of First Approval by the FDA or EMA of a Covered GE Product
produced by Lion, its Representatives, or a sublicensee of Lion, Lion shall (a) pay to PolyBioCept [* * *] in cash and (b) shall
issue to PolyBioCept [* * *] Shares. 

5.5            Aggregate
Sales Fees . 

5.5.1       [ *
* * ] Million . Within thirty (30) Business Days of Achievement of [* * *] in Aggregate Sales, Lion shall (a) pay to PolyBioCept
[* * *] in cash and (b) shall issue to PolyBioCept [* * *] Shares. 

5.5.2       [ *
* * ] . Within thirty (30) Business Days of Achievement of [* * *] in Aggregate Sales, Lion shall (a) pay to PolyBioCept [*
* *] in cash and (b) shall issue to PolyBioCept [* * *] Shares. 

5.6            Records
and Audits.  During the Term and for two (2) years thereafter, Lion shall keep, and shall cause each sublicensee and Affiliate
to keep, books and records documenting the exploitation of the licenses granted under Sections 2.1.1 and 2.1.2, including, without
limitation, the Manufacturing and Commercialization of Covered Products and Covered GE Products in such reasonable detail as is
necessary to compute and confirm the calculation of Aggregate Sales. Until such time as PolyBioCept has received all of the payments
and Shares (or payment in lieu thereof) specified in Sections 5.4 and 5.5, PolyBioCept shall have the right upon written notice
to Lion, and during normal business hours to examine, inspect, copy and audit such books and records using a Third Party accountant
selected by PolyBioCept with no competitive affiliation to the Lion. The books and records shall be considered Lion Confidential
Information. In the event any examination and audit by PolyBioCept of such books and records reveals a delay in the fulfillment
of any obligation of Lion under Sections 5.4 and 5.5, Lion shall pay interest, calculated at the rate of one percent (1%) per month,
of the total value of cash and Shares that should have been paid and issued, respectively, from the time such amount of cash and
Shares should have been paid and issued until such amount is paid and such Shares issued. The failure of Lion, a sublicensee of
Lion or an Affiliate of Lion to keep books and records as required herein shall constitute a material breach by Lion .

5.7            Patent
Fees . Pursuant to the terms of the [* * *] Agreement, following the effective date of the [* * *] Agreement, [* * *] shall
pay all Patent Fees incurred with respect to [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patents and PolyBioCept shall pay all Patent Fees incurred
with respect to PolyBioCept-Maintained Licensed Patents. 

5.8            Currency .
All dollar ($) amounts specified in this Agreement are United States Dollar amounts unless otherwise specifically stated. 

5.9            PolyBioCept
Bank Account . All payments by Lion to PolyBioCept hereunder shall be made by wire transfer to the PolyBioCept bank account,
as specified by PolyBioCept in writing. 

5.10         Taxes .
Each Party will be responsible for its own Taxes. PolyBioCept will be responsible for payment for any Taxes properly collectible
from PolyBioCept under Applicable Law. Lion will be responsible for payment for any Taxes properly collectible from Lion under
Applicable Law. 

5.11         Withholding
Taxes . The Parties acknowledge and agree that it is their mutual objective and intent to minimize, to the extent feasible,
withholding taxes payable with respect to any payment and issuance of Shares to PolyBioCept under Section 5 herein and that they
shall use their best efforts to cooperate and coordinate with each other to achieve such objective. The Parties agree in good
faith to use reasonable efforts to obtain any available exemptions from withholding taxes and to assist each other in that regard.
Any tax paid or required to be withheld by Lion on account of any payment and/or issuance of Shares to PolyBioCept under Section
5 herein will be deducted from the amount otherwise due. Lion will secure and send to PolyBioCept proof of any such taxes withheld
and paid by Lion for the benefit of PolyBioCept. The Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enable PolyBioCept to
take advantage of any applicable legal provision or tax treaty with the object of minimizing withholding tax. 

6     INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY OWNERSHIP AND PROTECTION   

6.1            Ownership
of Inventions . 

6.1.1       Sole
Inventions . 

(a)          As
between the Parties, Lion shall exclusively own (i) all inventions made solely by Lion, its consultants, and its Representatives
(excluding the Named Professors, unless otherwise agreed to by Lion and the Named Professors in writing) in the conduct of the
activities pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) all Know-How authored, conceived, created, and developed by Lion, its consultants,
and its Representatives (excluding the Named Professors, unless otherwise agreed to by Lion and the Named Professors in writing)
in the conduct of the activities pursuant to this Agreement (  Lion Sole Inventions  ). 

(b)          
As between the Parties, Licensor shall exclusively own all inventions made solely by Licensor, its employees, agents and consultants
acting consistent with, and not in violation of, this Agreement (  Licensor Sole Inventions  ). 

(c)          Licensor s
ownership of Licensor Sole Inventions and Lion s ownership of Lion Sole Inventions shall be on a worldwide basis in accordance
with and bearing with it the same rights as the exclusive ownership interests of inventors named on United States patents under
United States patent laws. 

(d)          Licensor
covenants that it shall use commercially reasonable efforts (i) to ensure that any Lion Confidential Information that is created
by Lion or its Representatives during the Term and disclosed or made available to Licensor and/or any of the Named Professors is
not disclosed to [* * *], (ii) to ensure that [* * *]  Right of First Offer under the [* * *] Agreement does not cover any
Intellectual Property outside of the Field (wherein the terms  Intellectual Property  and  Field  as used
in this Subpart (ii) have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the [* * *] Agreement), and (iii) to fulfill its obligations under
the [* * *] Agreement in such a way as to not limit or hinder Lion s interests more than what is necessary to comply with
a strict interpretation of the [* * *] Agreement, in each case to the extent not prohibited by or in conflict with Licensor s
or any of the Named Professor s obligations under the [* * *] Agreement. 

6.1.2       Inventorship .
For purposes of determining whether an invention is a Lion Sole Invention or a Licensor Sole Invention, questions of inventorship
shall be resolved in accordance with United States patent law. 

6.2            Prosecution
and Maintenance of Patents . 

6.2.1       PolyBioCept-Maintained
Licensed Patents . 

(a)          In accordance with the terms of the [* * *] Agreement, PolyBioCept shall prepare, file, prosecute and maintain PolyBioCept-Maintained
Licensed Patents, including any appeal, interference, opposition or other post grant proceedings ( e.g. , inter-partes review)
related thereto, at PolyBioCept s expense. 

(b)          PolyBioCept shall keep Lion reasonably informed as to material developments with respect to the preparation, filing, prosecution
and maintenance of PolyBioCept-Maintained Licensed Patents, including, but not limited to, any action proposed by PolyBioCept or
[* * *] that would result in a substantive alteration in claim scope or reduction in breadth of claim scope of any PolyBioCept-Maintained
Licensed Patents with respect to any Product or GE Product (or their use or Manufacture). If Lion reasonably concludes that any
action, including any argument or claim amendment, proposed by PolyBioCept or [* * *] would result in a substantive alteration
in claim scope or reduction in breadth of claim scope of any PolyBioCept-Maintained Licensed Patents with respect to any Product
(or its use or Manufacture), then PolyBioCept and Lion shall review the proposed argument and/or claim amendment and following
such review PolyBioCept shall consider in good faith any comments with respect thereto provided by Lion;  provided, however ,
that PolyBioCept shall retain sole discretion with respect to implementing any such proposed argument and/or claim amendment. 

(c)          To
the extent possible, without conflicting with the terms of this Agreement or the [* * *] Agreement, and subject to Section 6.2.3,
PolyBioCept shall take or authorize any actions reasonably necessary to further prosecution of the PolyBioCept-Maintained Licensed
Patents and the [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patents, including but not limited to the filing of any necessary terminal disclaimers
or foreign equivalents thereof. 

6.2.2       [ *
* * ]-Maintained Licensed Patents . PolyBioCept shall keep Lion reasonably informed as to material developments, of which
it has been reasonably informed by [* * *] pursuant to the [* * *] Agreement, with respect to the preparation, filing, prosecution
and maintenance of [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patents, including, but not limited to, any action proposed by [* * *] that would
result in a substantive alteration in claim scope or reduction in breadth of claim scope of any [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patents
with respect to any Product or GE Product (or their use or Manufacture). 

6.2.3       Lion
Step-in Right . 

(a)           PolyBioCept-Maintained
Licensed Patents . If PolyBioCept declines to file any national stage filings with the USPTO and/or any corresponding foreign
patent offices, and/or prosecute, or otherwise elects not to take actions necessary to avoid abandonment of (  Discontinued
Maintenance  ), any PolyBioCept-Maintained Licensed Patent, then PolyBioCept shall promptly provide Lion with written
notice thereof not less than sixty (60) calendar days prior to the date by which an action is required in order to avoid abandonment
thereof or is required in order to avoid any statutory bar or to perfect any right of priority. If PolyBioCept receives written
notice from [* * *] of its election to prepare, file and prosecute such patent application and maintain such patents in such country
(  Election To Pursue  ) or its election not to prepare, file and prosecute such patent applications and maintain
such patents in such country (  Election Not To Pursue  ), then PolyBioCept shall promptly provide Lion with written
notice of the same. If [* * *] provides PolyBioCept with written notice of its Election To Pursue, then such PolyBioCept-Maintained
Licensed Patent shall become for all purposes a [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patent and shall continue to be a Licensed Patent and
Licensed Intellectual Property for purposes of this Agreement. If [* * *] provides PolyBioCept with written notice of its Election
Not To Pursue, then Lion may, upon written notice to PolyBioCept, prepare, file and prosecute such patent application and maintain
such patents in such country, at its own expense, whereupon such PolyBioCept-Maintained Licensed Patent shall become for all purposes
a Lion-Maintained Licensed Patent and shall continue to be a Licensed Patent and Licensed Intellectual Property for purposes of
this Agreement. 

(b)           [ *
* * ]-Maintained Licensed Patents . If PolyBioCept receives written notice from [* * *] of its Discontinued Maintenance of
any [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patent, PolyBioCept shall promptly provide Lion with written notice of the same and of PolyBioCept s
Election To Pursue or Election Not To Pursue not less than thirty (30) days prior to the date by which an action is required in
order to avoid abandonment thereof or is required in order to avoid any statutory bar or to perfect any right of priority. If PolyBioCept
Elects Not To Pursue, Lion may, upon written notice to PolyBioCept, prepare, file and prosecute such patent applications and maintain
such patents in such country, at its own expense, whereupon such [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patent shall become for all purposes
a Lion-Maintained Licensed Patent and shall continue to be a Licensed Patent and Licensed Intellectual Property for purposes of
this Agreement. 

6.2.4       Cooperation
Between Parties . Each Party agrees to cooperate with the other with respect to the contemplation, preparation, filing, prosecution
and maintenance of the Licensed Patents and Lion-Owned Patents pursuant to this Section 6.2, including the execution of all such
documents and instruments and the performance of such acts as may be reasonably necessary in order to permit the counsel of the
Party that has the right or obligation under this Agreement to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain such Patents to do so;  provided,
however , nothing herein shall require an assignment or other change of ownership of the Patents. 

6.3            Third-Party
Infringement of Licensed Patents . 

6.3.1       Notice .
Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any (a) infringement of any of the Licensed Patents in the Field
in the Unrestricted Territory or in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory or (b) unauthorized use of any of the Licensed
Intellectual Property, in each case that is adverse to any Product and/or GE Product, of which such Party becomes aware   (  Competitive
Infringement  ), and shall provide the other Party with all available evidence supporting such infringement, suspected
infringement, unauthorized use or suspected unauthorized use (except to the extent that such evidence is protected as attorney
work product, attorney-client communication or other established legal privilege). 

6.3.2       Licensed
Intellectual Property; Enforcement Rights . 

(a)          As
between the Parties, Lion shall have the first right at its expense, but not an obligation, to initiate a suit or take other appropriate
action that Lion reasonably believes is required to abate an infringement of the Licensed Intellectual Property with respect to
any Product in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory. Lion shall give
PolyBioCept sufficient advance notice of its intent to file any such suit or take any such action, and the reasons therefor, and
shall provide PolyBioCept with an opportunity, but not an obligation, to make suggestions and comments regarding such suit or action.
Thereafter, Lion shall keep PolyBioCept informed, and shall from time to time consult with PolyBioCept regarding the status of
any such suit or action;  provided, however , that PolyBioCept shall have no obligation to provide advice regarding such suit
or action. Lion shall promptly ( i.e. , within five (5) business days of filing or receipt by Lion to the extent practicable,
but within such period of time so as not to materially prejudice PolyBioCept) provide PolyBioCept with copies of all material documents
( e.g. , complaints, answers, counterclaims, material motions, orders of the court, memoranda of law and legal briefs, interrogatory
responses, depositions, material pre-trial filings, expert reports, affidavits filed in court, transcripts of hearings and trial
testimony, trial exhibits and notices of appeal) filed in, or otherwise relating to, such suit or action. Any recovery obtained
as a result of any proceeding pursuant to this Section 6.3.2(a), by settlement or otherwise, shall be applied in the following
order of priority: (A) first, each Party shall be reimbursed, on a  pro rata  basis, for all costs incurred by such Party
in connection with such suit and (B) second, any remainder shall be retained by or paid to Lion. 

(b)          If
Lion chooses not to initiate a suit or take other appropriate action under Section 6.3.2(a) above within ninety (90)   days
of becoming aware   of the infringement, then Lion will so notify PolyBioCept of its intention, in which case PolyBioCept
shall have the right at its expense, but not the obligation, to initiate such suit or take such other appropriate action. PolyBioCept
shall give Lion sufficient advance notice of its intent to file any such suit or take any such action. Any recovery obtained as
a result of any proceeding pursuant to this Section 6.3.2(b), by settlement or otherwise, shall be applied in the following order
of priority: (A) first, each Party shall be reimbursed, on a  pro rata  basis, for all costs incurred by such Party in connection
with such suit and (B) second, any remainder shall be retained by or paid to PolyBioCept. 

6.3.3       Patent
Invalidity Claim . 

(a)          Each
Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing in the event that it becomes aware of any claim asserted by a Third Party
that a Licensed Patent is invalid or otherwise unenforceable (an   Invalidity Claim  ), whether as a defense in
an infringement action brought by PolyBioCept or Lion pursuant to Section 6.3.2 or otherwise. 

(b)          If
PolyBioCept elects not to contest an Invalidity Claim relating to a PolyBioCept-Maintained Licensed Patent, then PolyBioCept shall
so notify Lion of its intention within forty-five (45) days of receiving notice of such Invalidity Claim relating to a PolyBioCept-Maintained
Licensed Patent. PolyBioCept shall promptly notify Lion of its receipt of notice from [* * *] of [* * *]  election not to
contest an Invalidity Claim ( [* * *]  Notice  ) relating to a PolyBioCept-Maintained Licensed Patent, in which
case Lion shall have the right to contest the Invalidity Claim relating to a PolyBioCept-Maintained Licensed Patent at its sole
cost. 

(c)          PolyBioCept
shall promptly notify Lion of its receipt of [* * *] Notice relating to a [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patent. If PolyBioCept elects
not to contest an Invalidity Claim relating to a [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patent, then PolyBioCept shall so notify Lion of its
intention within forty-five (45) days of receiving the [* * *] Notice relating to a [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patent, in which
case Lion shall have the right to contest the Invalidity Claim relating to a [* * *]-Maintained Licensed Patent at its sole cost. 

(d)          Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, no Party hereto will admit or otherwise agree in any settlement or other proceedings that a Licensed
Patent is invalid or unenforceable without the prior written consent of the other Party hereto. 

7     REPRESENTATIONS,
WARRANTIES, and covenants   

7.1            Representations
and Warranties of Licensor . Licensor hereby represents and warrants to Lion that: 

7.1.1       Corporate
Status . PolyBioCept is duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of Sweden, subject to the transferability
rights under Section 10.5 herein. 

7.1.2       Authority
and Binding Effect . Licensor has the full power and authority to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and enter
into this Agreement and any other documents contemplated hereby to which it is a party. The execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by the necessary corporate actions of Licensor.
This Agreement constitutes valid and legally binding obligations of Licensor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms,
except that such enforcement may be limited by any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer or other
laws (whether statutory, regulatory or decisional), now or hereafter in effect, relating to or affecting the rights of creditors
generally or by equitable principles (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

7.1.3       Non-Contravention .
The execution, delivery and performance by Licensor of this Agreement, and the transactions contemplated hereby do not (a) violate
any Applicable Law as of the Effective Date, (b) conflict with, violate or result in a breach of any provision of the corporate
charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of Licensor, (c) constitute a material violation or breach by Licensor of any
provision of any material contract, agreement or instrument to which Licensor is a party or to which Licensor may be subject although
not a party, or (d) require Licensor to obtain any consents, approvals or authorizations of any Governmental Authority (other than
approval of the transfer of the Regulatory Approvals) as of the Effective Date. 

7.1.4       Intellectual
Property . 

(a)          As
of the Effective Date, the Named Professors are shareholders of Licensor. 

(b)          As
of the Effective Date and to the Knowledge of Licensor, none of the Licensed Intellectual Property or Background Patents is invalid
or unenforceable. Markus Maeurer is the sole inventor of the Licensed Patents. 

(c)          Licensor
Controls all right, title and interest in and to the (i) Patents listed on Schedule 1, (ii) the Data and Documentation listed in
Section I on Schedule 2, (iii) the Know-How encompassed in the Demonstration of Concept listed in Section II on Schedule 2, (iv)
Licensed Intellectual Property and (v) Background Patents, and Licensor has the right to grant to Lion the licenses granted under
Sections 2.1.1 and 2.1.2, and has no reason to believe that that any prior assignment of such Patents listed on Schedule 1, the
Data and Documentation listed in Section I on Schedule 2, the Know-How encompassed in the Demonstration of Concept listed in Section
II on Schedule 2, Licensed Intellectual Property and Background Patents to Licensor is unenforceable or invalid. 

(d)          Excluding
the License Agreements, as of the Effective Date and to the Knowledge of Licensor, Licensor has not previously assigned, transferred,
conveyed, licensed or otherwise encumbered its right, title or interest in or to the (i) Patents listed on Schedule 1, (ii) the
Data and Documentation, (iii) the Know-How encompassed in the Demonstration of Concept, (iv) Licensed Intellectual Property, (v)
Background Patents, nor (vi) Products or GE Products in the Field or Restricted Field that would conflict with the licenses granted
under Sections 2.1.1 and 2.1.2. 

(e)          As
of the Effective Date, Licensor has not received written notice from any Third Party claiming that the practice of the Licensed
Intellectual Property or Background Patents infringes or misappropriates any Patent or other Intellectual Property rights of any
Third Party. As of the Effective Date and to the Knowledge of Licensor, the practice of the Licensed Intellectual Property and
Background Patents to Develop, Manufacture, Commercialize, and Genetically Engineer Products in the Field in the Unrestricted Territory
and in the Restricted Field in the Restricted Territory does not infringe or misappropriate Patent or other Intellectual Property
rights of any Third Party. As of the Effective Date and to the Knowledge of Licensor, the Licensed Patents and Background Patents
are not the subject of any interference proceeding and there is no pending or threatened action, suit, proceeding or claim by a
Third Party challenging Licensor s ownership rights in, or the validity or scope of, the Licensed Patents or Background Patents. 

7.1.5       Products . 
 Licensor has not withheld any information related to the Licensed Intellectual Property, Background Patents, Products or GE
Products in the Field or Restricted Field, including clinical data and Regulatory Filings, that would be reasonably determined
to be material to Lion s decision to enter into this Agreement. 

7.1.6       License
Agreements .   All License Agreements are listed in   Schedule 3   attached hereto. 

7.1.7       Regulatory .
   As of the Effective Date and to the Knowledge of Licensor, there are no FDA (or equivalent)  field alerts 
(or the equivalent in countries outside the United States) pending with respect to any Products or GE Products in the Field or
Restricted Field. 

7.1.8       Clinical
Trials .   All pre-clinical and clinical trials of Products and of
GE Products in the Field or Restricted Field conducted by or on behalf of Licensor were conducted in accordance with Applicable
Laws. 

7.1.9       Litigation .
As of the Effective Date, there is no Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Licensor, threatened (i) that could reasonably
be expected to prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or (ii) that is related to the Licensed
Intellectual Property or any Product or GE Product in the Field or Restricted Field. 

7.1.10    Shares . 

(a)           Investment
Experience . Licensor agrees that it has received all the information it considers necessary or appropriate to enable it to
decide whether to acquire Shares hereunder. Licensor has had an opportunity to become aware of Lion s business affairs and
financial condition, ask questions and receive answers, and review documents and gather information about Lion. Licensor has acquired
sufficient information about Lion to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire Shares hereunder. Licensor has such
business and financial experience as is required to give it the capacity to protect its own interests in connection with the acquisition
Shares hereunder and can bear the economic risk of its investment. 

(b)           Investment
Intent . Licensor is acquiring the Shares for investment for its own account only and not with a view to, or for resale in connection
with, any  distribution  thereof within the meaning of the 1933 Act. Licensor has no present intention of selling,
granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the Shares, except in compliance with the 1933 Act or pursuant to an available
exemption thereunder. 

(c)           Restricted
Securities . Licensor understands that as of the date of each issuance, the Shares have not been registered under the 1933 Act,
or registered or qualified under any other securities law, in reliance on specific exemptions therefrom, which exemptions may depend
upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of Licensor s investment intent as expressed herein. Licensor is familiar
with Rule 144 under the 1933 Act, as in effect on the date of each issuance, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby
and by the 1933 Act. 

(d)           No
Legal, Tax or Investment Advice . Licensor understands that nothing in this Agreement or any other materials presented to Licensor
in connection with the acquisition of Shares hereunder constitutes legal, tax or investment advice. Licensor has consulted such
legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection with its acquisition
of Shares hereunder. 

7.1.11     Limitations
of Certain Representations and Warranties of Licensor . The representations and warranties of Licensor in Sections 7.1.4(c)
and 7.1.5 shall expire twelve (12) months following the Effective Date. Further, the following shall not constitute a breach of
any representation or warranty under Section 7.1: (a) a determination or rejection by the USPTO or a foreign equivalent thereof
during the prosecution of any Licensed Patent; (b) if made more than twelve (12) months after the Effective Date, a Claim by a
Third Party or a determination by a Governmental Authority that Licensor does not Control any Licensed Intellectual Property; or
(c) except for the representation and warranty in Section 7.1.4(b), a Claim by a Third Party or a determination by a Governmental
Authority that any Licensed Intellectual Property is invalid or unenforceable. 

7.2            Representations
and Warranties of Lion . Lion hereby represents and warrants to Licensor that: 

7.2.1       Corporate
Status . Lion is a corporation duly organized and validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of Nevada
and is duly qualified to conduct business in any other jurisdiction where the failure to so qualify would cause a material adverse
effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition, or prospects of Lion, subject to subject to the transferability
rights under Section 10.5 herein. 

7.2.2       Authority
and Binding Effect . Lion has the full power and authority, and has taken or obtained all requisite internal corporate or other
actions and approvals, to enter into, execute and deliver this Agreement and any other documents contemplated hereby or thereby
to which it is or will be a party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby to which it is a party. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly
authorized by the necessary corporate actions of Lion. This Agreement and any other documents contemplated hereby or thereby constitute
valid and legally binding obligations of Lion and its Affiliates enforceable against them in accordance with their respective terms
and conditions, except that such enforcement may be limited by any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent
transfer or other laws (whether statutory, regulatory or decisional), now or hereafter in effect, relating to or affecting the
rights of creditors generally or by equitable principles (regardless of whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

7.2.3       Non-Contravention .
The execution, delivery and performance by Lion of this Agreement, and any other agreements contemplated hereunder, and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby do not (a) violate any Applicable Law as of the Effective Date, (b) conflict with, violate or result
in a breach of any provision of the corporate charter, by-laws or other organizational documents of Lion, (c) constitute a material
violation or breach by Lion of any provision of any material contract, agreement or instrument to which Lion is a party or to which
Lion may be subject although not a party, or (d) require Lion to obtain any consents, approvals or authorizations of any Governmental
Authority (other than approval of the transfer of the Regulatory Approvals) as of the Effective Date. 

7.2.4       Litigation .
As of the Effective Date, there is no Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Lion, threatened which could reasonably be expected
to prevent the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 

7.2.5       Debarred
Personnel . As of the Effective Date, Lion has not been debarred and is not subject to debarment pursuant to Section 306 of
the FDCA, as amended, or any foreign equivalent thereof, nor is it the subject of a conviction described in such Section and no
such Proceeding is pending. 

7.3            Disclaimers .
EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 7.1, 7.2, AND 7.5.3(d), THE PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES TO EACH OTHER,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, VALIDITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, COMMERCIAL UTILITY, OR ADEQUACY, AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. UNLESS
EXPLICITLY SET FORTH IN SECTIONS 7.1, 7.2, AND 7.5.3(d), THE PARTIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY: (I) CONCERNING THE EFFICACY,
EFFICIENCY, ADEQUACY OR PATENTABILITY OF THE LICENSED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY FOR THE PURPOSE OF DEVELOPING, MANUFACTURING, COMMERCIALIZING,
OR GENETICALLY ENGINEERING PRODUCTS OR DEVELOPING, MANUFACTURING, OR COMMERCIALIZING GE PRODUCTS; (II) CONCERNING THE EFFICACY
OR SAFETY FOR HUMAN USE OF ANY PRODUCT OR GE PRODUCT OR (III) CONCERNING LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS THAT MUST BE SATISFIED
BY LION BEFORE LION WILL BE ABLE LAWFULLY TO DEVELOP, MANUFACTURE, COMMERCIALIZE, AND GENETICALLY ENGINEER PRODUCTS AND TO DEVELOP,
MANUFACTURE, AND COMMERCIALIZE GE PRODUCTS IN THE FIELD WITHIN THE UNRESTRICTED TERRITORY AND IN THE RESTRICTED FIELD WITHIN THE
RESTRICTED TERRITORY. 

7.4            Covenants
of Lion . Lion hereby covenants and agrees that during the Term: 

7.4.1       Insurance . 
  Lion shall maintain in force the insurance required to be maintained thereby pursuant to Sections 9.2.1 and 9.2.2. 

7.4.2       Taxes .
Lion shall bear and be responsible for and pay all applicable Taxes attributed to it related to the (a) licensing of Licensed Intellectual
Property and (b) Commercialization by Lion or its Representatives of Products and GE Products under the Licensed Intellectual Property
after the Effective Date, during the Term, and shall indemnify and hold Licensor and its Representatives harmless from any liability
relating to such Taxes. 

7.4.3       Liability
for Sublicensees and Subcontractors . Lion shall be liable for the acts and omissions of its sublicensees or subcontractors
(including any of its Representatives) in performing or failing to perform Lion s obligations hereunder to the same extent
as Lion would have been liable hereunder had Lion performed or failed to perform such obligations itself, and any sublicense or
subcontract shall not excuse Lion s performance of or failure to perform its obligations hereunder. 

7.5            Mutual
Covenants . The Parties covenant and agree that: 

7.5.1       Publicity .
The Parties agree that any publication, news release or other public announcement relating to this Agreement or to the performance
hereunder shall first be reviewed and approved by Lion in its sole discretion. To the extent practicable, each Party shall give
at least ten (10) Business Days advance notice to the other Party of any such intended disclosure, and each Party may provide any
comments on the proposed disclosure during such period, for which the other Party shall give due consideration;  provided ,
 however , that a Party may, without the prior consent of the other Party, issue such press release or make such public statement
as may be required by Applicable Laws or the applicable rules of any stock exchange or quotation system if the Party issuing such
press release or making such public statement has used its reasonable best efforts to consult with the other Party and to obtain
such other Party s consent but has been unable to do so in a timely manner.  In this regard, the Parties shall make
a joint public announcement of the execution of this Agreement and the transaction contemplated hereby no later than the opening
of trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market on the Business Day following the date on which this Agreement is signed.  In the event
that either Party is required to file or register this Agreement or a notification thereof with any Governmental Authority, the
filing Party shall promptly, to the extent practicable and legally permissible, inform the other Party thereof, and prior to making
any such filing, registration or notification obtain the prior written consent from the other Party, which such consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld.  If requested by the other Party, the filing Party shall, to the maximum extent permissible under
Applicable Laws and the Governmental Authority, seek confidential treatment of the Agreement and, if not permissible under Applicable
Laws, seek confidential treatment for one or more of provisions of the Agreement and the information that is required to be disclosed. 
The Parties shall cooperate, in such filing, registration or notification, including such confidential treatment request, which
shall be sought at the expense of the Party required to disclose the Agreement, and shall execute all documents reasonably required
in connection therewith. The Parties acknowledge that Lion will be required to file this Agreement with the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission, and PolyBioCept hereby consents to such filing. PolyBioCept requests that Lion seek confidential treatment
of this Agreement to the extent mutually agreed upon, provided that the Parties agree to seek confidential treatment of all financial
terms under the Agreement. 

7.5.2       Cooperation .
During the Term, each Party shall use its respective commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions
and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other Party in doing, all things, in each case necessary or
advisable to permit the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including obtaining any consents, authorizations,
approvals, permits, licenses, or governmental authorizations, estoppel certificates and filings under any Applicable Law required
to be obtained or made by either of them which may be necessary or appropriate to permit the consummation of the transactions contemplated
hereby. 

7.5.3       Confidentiality . 

(a)          The
conditions, obligations and terms of the Confidentiality Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference;  provided, however ,
that (i) Section 6 of the Confidentiality Agreement is deleted and the term of the Confidentiality Agreement shall be coextensive
with the Term of this Agreement, (ii) Section 7 of the Confidentiality Agreement is deleted, and (iii) Section 15 of the Confidentiality
Agreement is deleted and the Confidentiality Agreement shall be subject to the laws of the state of Delaware, without giving effect
to the principles of conflict of laws. To the extent the Confidentiality Agreement conflicts with the conditions, obligations or
terms of this Agreement, this Agreement shall control. 

(b)          All
Confidential Information of a Party (the   Discloser  ) received by the other Party or its Representatives (the
  Recipient  ) shall be maintained in confidence by the Recipient and shall not be disclosed to any Third Party
or used for any purpose during the Term and for five (5) years after the expiration or termination of this Agreement (with the
exception of Know-How constituting a Trade Secret, which shall be maintained in confidence and not disclosed by the Recipient to
any Third Party or used for any purpose until and to the extent it ceases to be a Trade Secret under the DEUTSA), except as reasonably
necessary for the Recipient to perform its obligations or exercise its rights granted or retained pursuant to this Agreement;  provided,
however , that the Recipient shall remain responsible and liable for any breach by such a Third Party of the confidentiality
and non-use obligations contained in this Agreement. 

(c)          Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Section 7.5.3, the Recipient may disclose Confidential Information of the Discloser
to its attorneys, accountants, consultants, agents, independent contractors or professional advisors who have a business need to
know such information in connection with the evaluation, negotiation, consideration, or consummation of this Agreement on behalf
of Recipient (a   Professional Third Party  );  provided, however , that the Recipient shall remain responsible
and liable for any breach by such a Professional Third Party of the confidentiality and non-use obligations contained in this Agreement. 

(d)          The
Recipient represents and warrants to the Discloser that any Third Party or Professional Third Party to whom it discloses Discloser s
Confidential Information has agreed to be bound by confidentiality and non-use obligations at least as strict as those contained
in this Agreement, and/or is under a professional, fiduciary, or written obligation of confidentiality and non-use at least as
strict as those contained in this Agreement, prior to the disclosure of the Discloser s Confidential Information to any Third
Party or Professional Third Party. 

(e)          Any
use or disclosure of the Discloser s Confidential Information by the Recipient for any purpose other than as provided in
Sections 7.5.3(b) and (c) shall be a material breach of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, except
as provided in Section 6.1.1(d), PolyBioCept will not knowingly disclose Lion Confidential Information to any cell therapy company,
without Lion s prior written consent. 

7.5.4       Performance .
Each Party shall perform and cause its Representatives to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement in accordance
with the terms and conditions hereof and thereof and all Applicable Laws. Each Party shall disclose all information required to
be disclosed under Applicable Laws requiring pharmaceutical companies to disclose to Governmental Authorities payments or transfers
of value that they made to covered recipients (  Sunshine Laws  ). Each Party
shall, and shall cause its Representatives to, cooperate with the other Party in a timely manner following request therefor (which
in any event shall be sufficient time to reasonably permit the other Party to comply with Applicable Law) to provide any information
which the other Party requests in connection with Products or GE Products in the Field or Restricted Field in order to comply with
applicable Sunshine Laws or other Applicable Laws.  

8     TERM AND TERMINATION   

8.1            Term .
Immediately following the Initial Term, this Agreement will automatically renew for consecutive periods of five (5) years, provided
that Lion does not provide Licensor with written notice of its election not to renew the Agreement (each, a   Renewal Term  ). 

8.2            Automatic
Termination . Subject to Applicable Law, if Lion (a) files a petition for reorganization, a petition for an arrangement or appointment
of a receiver or trustee of such Party or of its assets, or a petition in bankruptcy or insolvency in any state, country, or jurisdiction;
(b) is served with an involuntary petition against it, filed in any insolvency proceeding, and such petition is not dismissed within
sixty (60) days after the filing thereof; (c) is a party to any dissolution or liquidation or adjudicated bankrupt by any court
or agency pursuant to any statute or regulation of any state, country, or jurisdiction; (d) becomes insolvent or discontinues business;
or (e) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors or any similar arrangement under any bankruptcy law, then this Agreement
will terminate immediately and automatically, without notice. 

8.3            Termination
for Material Breach . In the event that either Party material breaches this Agreement and such material breach, the non-breaching
Party may terminate this Agreement by providing sixty (60) days  written notice to the breaching Party, specifying its material
breach (the   60-Day   Notice Period  ). The termination shall become effective at the end of the 60-Day
Notice Period, unless the breaching Party cures such material breach during the 60-Day Notice Period. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, if Lion materially breaches Sections 4.1 and/or 4.2 and fails to cure such material breach during the 60-Day Notice
Period, Licensor agrees to only terminate the specific scope of the license rights related to such breach (by way of example, (a)
if Lion fails to Develop a GE Product as required under Section 4.1, this Agreement would only be terminated with regard to the
license rights to GE Products, not Products or (b) if Lion fails to Manufacture a Product as required under Section 4.2, this Agreement
would only be terminated with regard to the license rights to Products, not GE Products). In the event that Lion fails to timely
deliver any payment to PolyBioCept pursuant Section 5 herein, PolyBioCept may terminate this Agreement by providing fifteen (15)
days  written notice to Lion, specifying the failure (the   15-Day Notice Period  ). The termination shall
become effective at the end of the 15-Day Notice Period, unless Lion cures such failure during the 15-Day Notice Period. Except
for payment and Share-issuance obligations under Sections 5.2, 5.4.4, 5.4.5, and 5.4.6, the Notice Periods shall be tolled during
the pendency of any arbitration or dispute resolution procedure pertaining to the alleged breach pursuant to Section 10.4, provided,
however, if PolyBioCept is awarded any amounts or Shares under this Agreement pursuant to any arbitration, then Lion shall pay
interest, calculated at the rate of one percent (1%) per month, of the total value of cash and Shares that should have been paid
and issued, respectively, from the time such amount of cash and Shares should have been paid and issued until such amount is paid
and such Shares issued. 

8.4            Unilateral
Rights To Terminate . 

8.4.1       Lion s
Unilateral Right To Terminate . Lion may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Licensor if Licensor fails
to receive a Notice of Acceptance from Lion or Deemed Acceptance in accordance with Section 2.2.1 above within twelve (12) months
following Licensor s receipt of a Notice of Provisioned Facility from Lion. Within five (5) days following Licensor s
receipt of written notice of termination under this Section 8.4.1, Licensor shall refund to Lion the Exclusive License Payment. 

8.4.2       Licensor s
Unilateral Rights To Terminate . 

(a)          Licensor
may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Lion in the event that Lion, its Representatives, or a sublicensee
of Lion engages in any activity outside the scope of the license rights granted to Lion hereunder that constitutes (i) an infringement
of any issued and unexpired Patent Controlled by Licensor or (ii) a breach of any confidentiality obligations contained in this
Agreement specific to a Trade Secret Controlled by Licensor. 

(b)          Subject
to Applicable Laws, Licensor may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Lion in the event that Lion or any
of its Representatives Challenges (as defined below) any Licensed Patent. As used in this Section 8.4.2(b),   Challenge  
means to Contest the validity or enforceability of any Licensed Patent in whole or in part, in any court, arbitration proceeding,
or other tribunal, including the USPTO, the United States International Trade Commission, or any foreign equivalent thereof. For
the avoidance of doubt, the term   Contest   includes: (a) commencing, filing, joining in, or assisting a
Third Party in filing an action under 28 U.S.C.    2201-2202, seeking a declaration of invalidity or unenforceability
of any Licensed Patent or any portion thereof; (b) citation to the USPTO pursuant to 35 U.S.C.   301 of prior art patents
or printed publications or statements of the patent owner concerning the scope of any Licensed Patent; (c) commencing, filing,
joining in, or assisting a Third Party in filing a request under 35 U.S.C.   302 for reexamination of any Licensed Patent
or any portion thereof; (d) commencing, filing, joining in, or assisting a Third Party in filing a petition under 35 U.S.C.  
311 to institute inter-partes review of any Licensed Patent or any portion thereof; (e) commencing, filing, joining in, or assisting
a Third Party in filing a petition under 35 U.S.C.   321 to institute post-grant review of any Licensed Patent or any portion
thereof; (f) provoking or becoming a party to an interference with an application for any Licensed Patent or any portion thereof
pursuant to 35 U.S.C.   135; (g) commencing, filing, joining in, or assisting a Third Party in filing any reexamination, opposition,
cancellation, nullity or similar proceedings against any Licensed Patent in any country; or (h) any foreign equivalents of subsection
(a) through (g) applicable in any country. As used herein, the term   Contest   does not include any action taken
by Lion or any of its Representatives for the sole purpose of complying with the duty to disclose information material to patentability
as set forth in 37 CFR 1.56 or any foreign equivalent thereof. 

(c)          Licensor
may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Lion in the event that Lion materially breaches this Agreement
three (3) or more times in any consecutive six-month period of time. 

(d)          Provided
that Lion has provided a Notice of Acceptance to PolyBioCept or there is a Deemed Acceptance in accordance with Section 2.2.1 above,
Licensor may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Lion in the event that Lion or one of its Affiliates or
sublicensees fails to (i) [* * *] after such Notice of Acceptance or Deemed Acceptance, whichever occurs first; (ii) [* * *] after
Completion of Clinical Studies or the Notice of Acceptance or Deemed Acceptance, whichever occurs first (  Phase II Period  ),
unless Lion alternatively pays to PolyBioCept the Product Expansion Milestone Payment prior to the expiration of the Phase II Period;
(iii) [* * *] after First Successful Completion of Phase II Trial or [* * *], whichever occurs first (  Phase III Period  ),
unless Lion alternatively pays to PolyBioCept the Product Selection/Enrichment Milestone Payment prior to the expiration of the
Phase III Period; or (iv) [* * *] after Completion of Clinical Studies or the Notice of Acceptance or Deemed Acceptance, whichever
occurs first (  Phase IV Period  ), unless Lion alternatively paid to PolyBioCept the First Approval Expansion
Milestone Payment prior to the expiration of the Phase IV Period. For avoidance of doubt, investigator-sponsored clinical trials,
including the Clinical Studies as defined under the Clinical Trials Agreement, that are funded by Lion or one of its Affiliates
or sublicensees shall be considered clinical trials commenced by Lion or one of its Affiliates or sublicensees. 

(e)          Licensor
may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Lion in the event that (i) KI rightfully terminates the Sponsored
Research Agreement between Lion and KI due to Lion failing to pay to KI, in accordance with the Sponsored Research Agreement, a
total of one million dollars (US$1,000,000) in cash, which is to be paid in four (4) quarterly payments of two hundred fifty thousand
dollars (US$250,000) following the effective date of the Sponsored Research Agreement or (ii) KH rightfully terminates the Clinical
Trials Agreement between Lion and KH due to Lion failing to pay to (1) KH a total of one million six hundred thousand dollars (US$1,600,000)
in cash in accordance with the Clinical Trials Agreement, and (2) to PolyBioCept one hundred thousand dollars (US$100,000) in accordance
with the Clinical Trials Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, if Lion fails to pay KI or KH due to KI or KH s material breach
of the Sponsored Research Agreement or Clinical Trials Agreement, respectively, such failure will not be cause for termination
under this Section 8.4.2(e). 

(f)          Licensor
may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to Lion in the event that Lion, its Representatives, or a sublicensee
of Lion breaches Section 6.3.3(d). 

8.4.3       Termination
Due to Non-Occurrence of Condition Subsequent . If the Parties do not execute the Sponsored Research Agreement  within
ninety (90) days of the Effective Date, then  this Agreement will automatically terminate and  PolyBioCept
will promptly return to Lion two million two hundred thousand dollars ($2,200,000.00) .           

8.5            Effects
of Termination . In the event of termination of this Agreement, the following provisions shall apply: 

8.5.1        In
the event of termination, all licenses and rights granted by PolyBioCept to Lion, including all license and sublicense rights granted
to Lion pursuant to Sections 2.1.1 and 2.1.2, shall immediately terminate, except and only for so long as needed to ensure the
continuing safety and welfare of any patient or subject under treatment by Lion, its sublicensees or its Representatives. In the
event Lion continues to use the Licensed Intellectual Property for continuing safety and welfare of any patient or subject under
treatment by Lion, its sublicensees or its Representatives, then all conditions, obligations and terms of this Agreement application
to Lion shall survive and remain enforce for so long as Lion uses the Licensed Intellectual Property for such purpose. 

8.5.2        Lion,
its sublicensees and its Representatives shall cease to conduct any activity under Licensor s Intellectual Property, including
any activity under Licensor s Intellectual Property related to the Development, Manufacture, Commercialization, and Genetic
Engineering of Products and/or the Development, Manufacture, and/or Commercialization of GE Products, except and only for so long
as needed to ensure the continuing safety and welfare of any patient or subject under treatment by Lion or its Representatives.
In the event Lion continues to use the Licensed Intellectual Property for continuing safety and welfare of any patient or subject
under treatment by Lion, its sublicensees or its Representatives, then all conditions, obligations and terms of this Agreement
applicable to Lion shall survive and remain in force for so long as Lion uses the Licensed Intellectual Property for such purpose. 

8.5.3        Lion
will tender to PolyBioCept responsibility for prosecuting and maintaining any Lion-Maintained Licensed Patents. 

8.5.4        Upon
Licensor s request, and to the extent legally and contractually permitted, Lion shall promptly provide Licensor with a copy
of all sublicense agreements that sublicense the rights granted to Lion under this Agreement, contracts entered into by Lion that
cover any Product or GE Product under the Licensed Intellectual Property, and Regulatory Filings and Regulatory Approvals that
cover Products or GE Products under the Licensed Intellectual Property. For avoidance of doubt, Lion shall have the right to redact
from such documents prior to providing such documents to Licensor any Lion Confidential Information, and information that if disclosed
by Lion would breach Lion s obligations of confidentiality to a Third Party, but in each case only to the extent that it
is not related to Products or GE Products under the Licensed Intellectual Property. Lion hereby grants to Licensor a non-exclusive,
irrevocable, transferable, and worldwide right and license to use such Regulatory Filings and, subject to Applicable Laws, such
Regulatory Approvals, solely to the extent necessary for Licensor to continue Development, Manufacture and, if applicable, Commercialization
of such Product and GE Product under the Licensed Intellectual Property. 

8.5.5        Upon
Licensor s request, Lion shall promptly return, at Lion s sole expense, all tangible property owned by Licensor and
all tangible Confidential Information of Licensor (including all Data and Documentation), and all copies thereof, in accordance
with the reasonable instructions provided by Licensor;  provided, however , that Lion may retain one (1) copy of such information
in its archives solely for the purpose of complying with any surviving rights of Lion under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

8.6            Survival .
All financial obligations under this Agreement accrued or otherwise owed as of the effective date of expiration or termination
shall remain in effect. Any obligations of the Parties with respect to any breach of this Agreement occurring prior to expiration
or termination shall survive expiration or termination. The provisions set forth in Sections 1, 3.1, 3.2, 4.6, 4.7, 5.1-5.5 (but
only to the extent a payment or Share-issuance obligation accrues or is owed prior to expiration or termination of the Agreement),
5.6 (for two (2) years following expiration or termination), 5.8-5.11, 6.1, 7.3, 7.4.2, 7.5.3, 8.5, 8.6, 9.1, 9.3 and 10 shall
survive expiration or termination. 

8.7            Effect
of Licensor Bankruptcy.  All rights and licenses granted by Licensor under this Agreement are and shall be deemed to be rights
and licenses to  intellectual property,  and the subject matter of this Agreement, including the Data and Documentation
and Demonstration of Concept, is and shall be deemed to be  embodiment[s]  of  intellectual property  for
purposes of and as such terms are used in and interpreted under Section 365(n) of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the   Code  )
(11 U.S.C.   365(n)). Lion shall have the right to exercise all rights and elections under the Code and all other applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws with respect to this Agreement and the subject matter hereof and thereof. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, if Licensor or its estate becomes subject to any bankruptcy or similar proceeding: subject to
Lion s rights of election, all rights and licenses granted to Lion under this Agreement will continue subject to the respective
terms and conditions hereof and thereof, and will not be affected, even by Licensor s rejection of this Agreement. 

9     INDEMNIFICATION,
INSURANCE AND DAMAGES   

9.1            Indemnification . 

9.1.1       By
Lion . From and after the Effective Date, Lion shall defend Licensor, its Representatives and their respective directors, managers,
officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns (each, a   Licensor Indemnified Party  ) at Lion s cost
and expense, and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Licensor Indemnified Parties from and against: 

(a)          any
Third Party Claims to the extent arising from, relating to, or resulting from: 

(i)   any material breach of any representation or warranty of
Lion or its Representatives contained in this Agreement; 

(ii)   any material breach or failure to perform any covenant
or agreement of Lion or its Representatives contained in this Agreement; 

(iii)   Products Developed, Manufactured, Commercialized, or Genetically
Engineered or GE Products Developed, Manufactured, or Commercialized by or on behalf of Lion, including, without limitation, any
Lion sublicensees; 

(iv)   any activity by Lion, its Representatives, or any sublicensee
of Lion under the Licensed Intellectual Property that is outside the scope of the license rights granted to Lion hereunder; 

(v)   any tortious acts or omissions by Lion, its Representatives,
its sublicensees, or their respective directors, managers, officers, employees, agents, Third-Party contractors, successors or
assigns; and 

(vi)   any failure by Lion or a Lion sublicensee to Recall or
otherwise withdraw from sale a Product or GE Product Developed, Manufactured, or Commercialized by or on behalf of Lion, including,
without limitation, any Lion Affiliate or sublicensee, where required pursuant to Applicable Law (each, a   Lion Claim  ); 

(b)          all
Liabilities awarded or levied against a Licensor Indemnified Party as a result of a Lion Claim; and 

(c)          if
Lion does not timely assume the defense of any Lion Claim, (i) reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses incurred by a Licensor
Indemnified Party in defending any Lion Claim and (ii) reasonable settlement amounts paid by a Licensor Indemnified Party to settle
any Lion Claim. 

9.1.2       By
PolyBioCept . From and after the Effective Date, PolyBioCept shall defend Lion, its Representatives and their respective directors,
managers, officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns (each, a   Lion Indemnified Party  ) at PolyBioCept s
cost and expense, and shall indemnify and hold harmless the Lion Indemnified Parties from and against: 

(a)          any
Third Party Claims to the extent arising from, relating to, or resulting from: 

(i)   any material breach of any representation or warranty of
Licensor or its Representatives contained in this Agreement; 

(ii)   any material breach or failure to perform any covenant
or agreement of Licensor or its Representatives contained in this Agreement; 

(iii)   Products Manufactured, Developed, or Genetically Engineered,
or GE Products Developed, Manufactured, or Commercialized by PolyBioCept or by a Third Party on behalf of PolyBioCept;  provided,
however , that the foregoing shall not include any Products or GE Products Developed by a Named Professor pursuant to a separate
written agreement between Lion and such Named Professor); 

(iv)   any tortious acts or omissions by PolyBioCept, its Representatives,
or their respective directors, managers, officers, employees, agents, Third-Party contractors, successors or assigns;  provided,
however , that the foregoing shall not include any tortious acts or omissions by a Named Professor arising from, relating to,
or resulting from a separate written agreement between Lion and such Named Professor); 

(v)   any failure by PolyBioCept to comply with the [* * *] Agreement
and/or License Agreements; and 

(vi)   any failure by PolyBioCept to Recall or otherwise withdraw
from sale a Product or GE Product Manufactured and/or Commercialized by Licensor where required pursuant to Applicable Law (each,
a   PolyBioCept Claim  ); 

(b)          all
Liabilities awarded or levied against a Lion Indemnified Party as a result of a PolyBioCept Claim; and 

(c)          if
PolyBioCept does not timely assume the defense of any PolyBioCept Claim, (i) reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses incurred
by a Lion Indemnified Party in defending any Lion Claim and (ii) reasonable settlement amounts paid by a Lion Indemnified Party
to settle any PolyBioCept Claim. 

9.1.3       Claims
for Indemnification . 

(a)          A
Person entitled to indemnification under Section 9.1 (an   Indemnified Party  )   shall give prompt written
notification to the Party from whom indemnification is sought (the   Indemnifying Party   )  upon suffering
or incurring, or if it reasonably anticipates that it will suffer or incur, a Lion Claim or a PolyBioCept Claim, respectively (each
referred to in this Section 9.1.3 as   Indemnity   Claim  )   for which indemnification is or may be
sought (but in any event within such period of time so as not to materially prejudice the Indemnifying Party's defense of the Indemnity
Claim), and such notice shall reasonably describe the nature of the Indemnity Claim for which indemnification is being sought. 

(b)          With
respect to Indemnity Claims for which indemnification is claimed hereunder, the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled (i) to control
the defense of any such Indemnity Claim and (ii) to participate in the defense of any such Indemnity Claim, at its cost and expense.
The Indemnifying Party must obtain the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
to settle or compromise an Indemnity Claim if such settlement or compromise (x) does not include an unconditional release of the
Indemnified Party for any liability arising out of such Indemnity Claim, (y) requires the Indemnified Party to take or refrain
from taking any action or otherwise adversely affects the Indemnified Party s rights under this Agreement, or (z) requires
the Indemnified Party to admit any liability. After notice from the Indemnifying Party to the Indemnified Party of the Indemnifying
Party s acceptance of its obligation to assume the defense of such Indemnity Claim, and for so long as the Indemnifying Party
uses reasonable efforts to defend the Indemnity Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party under
this Section 9.1.3 for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense
thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation or of assistance as contemplated by this Section 9.1.3. The Indemnified Party
and the Indemnifying Party shall each render to each other such assistance as may reasonably be requested in order to ensure the
proper and adequate defense of any such Proceeding. 

(c)          The
Parties acknowledge that there could potentially be circumstances in which an Indemnity Claim is made and such Indemnity Claim
creates indemnity obligations for each Party under Sections 9.1.1 and 9.1.2. In such instances, the Parties agree to allocate the
responsibility as follows: (i) in the event that one Party bears greater responsibility than the other Party for the circumstances
giving rise to the Indemnity Claim, the Party that bears the greater responsibility shall be required to indemnify, in full, the
other Party, and (ii) where the Parties share materially equal responsibility for the circumstances giving rise to the Indemnity
Claim, then neither Party will have an indemnify responsibility under Sections 9.1.1 and 9.1.2. 

9.2            Insurance . 

9.2.1       Lion
Insurance . Lion shall at all times from the Effective Date maintain standard products liability/completed operations insurance,
at its own expense, covering all claims against Lion whatsoever and howsoever arising from the Development, Manufacture, Commercialization,
and/or Genetic Engineering of Products or the Development, Manufacture, or Commercialization of GE Products (collectively, the
  Insured Product Activity  ) by Lion, its Representatives, sublicensees or their assigns. The coverage limits
shall be in amounts calculated by Lion to be commercially reasonable, which amounts shall include, at a minimum, commercial general
liability insurance on a per occurrence basis, with minimum limits of liability of one million dollars ($1,000,000) combined single
limit for each occurrence and excess (umbrella) liability insurance for the foregoing in a minimum amount of five million dollars
($5,000,000) (the   Lion Insurance  ). Such Lion Insurance shall remain in force where there is Insured Product
Activity by Lion until twelve (12) months after such time that no Product or GE Product is being Commercialized by Lion, its Representatives,
its sublicensees or their assigns. 

9.2.2       Certificate .
Upon request, Lion shall deliver to PolyBioCept Certificates of Insurance as evidence that Lion Insurance (as defined in Section
9.2.1) is in full force and effect and with insurers acceptable to PolyBioCept, having an AM Best (A-) or higher rating. These
Certificates of Insurance shall provide that not less than thirty (30) calendar days advance notice will be given in writing to
the owner of any cancellation, termination, or material alteration of Lion Insurance. PolyBioCept, its Representatives, and their
officers, directors and employees shall be added as additional insureds on such Lion Insurance. Lion Insurance shall be primary
with no contribution by PolyBioCept s insurance. 

9.2.3       PolyBioCept
Insurance . Prior to Licensor (i) sponsoring any human clinical trials for Products or GE Products, (ii) Manufacturing Products
or GE Products for use in humans, and/or (iii) commencing Commercialize any Products in the Restricted Field outside of the Restricted
Territory or any GE Products, then Licensor shall obtain and maintain insurance, at its own expense, covering all claims against
PolyBioCept whatsoever and howsoever arising from the applicable activities related to Products and GE Products by PolyBioCept,
its Representatives, its sublicensees (other than Lion) or their assigns. The coverage limits shall be in amounts calculated by
Licensor to be commercially reasonable, which amounts shall include, at a minimum, commercial general liability insurance on a
per occurrence basis, with minimum limits of liability of one million dollars ($1,000,000) combined single limit for each occurrence
and excess (umbrella) liability insurance for the foregoing in a minimum amount of five million dollars ($5,000,000) (the   PolyBioCept
Insurance  ). Licensor shall maintain the PolyBioCept insurance for so long as Licensor is (i) sponsoring any human clinical
trials for Products and GE Products, (ii) Manufacturing Products or GE Products for use in humans, and/or (iii) Commercializing
any Products outside the Field or in the Restricted Field outside of the Restricted Territory and/or any GE Products. Upon request
by Lion, Licensor shall deliver to Lion Certificates of Insurance, as evidence that PolyBioCept Insurance to extent required herein
is in full force and effect and with insurers having an AM Best (A-) or higher rating. These Certificates of Insurance shall provide
that not less than thirty (30) calendar days advance notice will be given in writing to the owner of any cancellation, termination,
or material alteration of PolyBioCept Insurance. In the event Licensor exercises the license in the last sentence in Section 8.5.4,
Lion and its Representatives shall be added as additional insureds on such PolyBioCept Insurance and the PolyBioCept Insurance
shall be primary with no contribution by Lion s insurance. 

9.3            Damages .
EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS FOR INDEMNIFICATION, BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY, FRAUD, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, AND WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, IN NO EVENT
SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY, ITS REPRESENTATIVES, OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION,
LOSS OF INFORMATION AND THE LIKE, ARISING OUT OF ITS PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF ANY NOTICE
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL NOT LIMIT A PARTY S RIGHT TO SEEK AND OBTAIN INJUNCTIVE
RELIEF. 

10.1         Notices .
Any notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing in the English language, shall specifically
refer to this Agreement and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given (i) when received, if personally delivered or sent
by express or international courier (signature required) and (ii) or five (5) Business Days after it was sent by registered mail,
return receipt requested (or its equivalent), postage prepaid. Unless otherwise specified in writing, the mailing addresses of
the Parties shall be as described below: 

If to Lion: 

Lion Biotechnology, Inc. 

 Attn: Chief Executive Officer 

 112 West 34th Street, 17th Floor 

 New York, New York 10120 

 USA 

If to PolyBioCept: 

PolyBioCept AB 

 Attn: Jakob Geyer and Ernest Dodoo,
Directors 

 Sankt Eriksgatan 43a 

 11234 Stockholm 

 Sweden 

10.2         Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Schedules and any appendices attached hereto and the Confidentiality Agreement,
represents the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings or arrangements
between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, including, but not limited to, the Term Sheet (but not the Confidentiality
Agreement), and can be amended, supplemented or changed, and any provision hereof can be waived, only by written instrument, making
specific reference to this Agreement, signed by both Parties. 

10.3         Applicable
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, interpreted, and construed, and all claims and disputes whether in tort, contract,
or otherwise be resolved, in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflict
of laws. 

10.4         Dispute
Resolution .   The Parties shall negotiate in good faith and use commercially reasonable efforts to resolve any dispute,
controversy or claim arising from or related to this Agreement or the breach thereof (a   Dispute  ). In the event
that the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within fifteen (15) calendar days, the Dispute shall be referred to Jakob Geyer
and Ernest Dodoo, Directors of PolyBioCept, and to the Chief Executive Officer of Lion (the   Designated Senior Officers  )
for resolution. In the event that the Designated Senior Officers are unable to resolve the Dispute and a Party wishes to pursue
the matter, each such Dispute that is not an Excluded Claim (as defined below), or a Dispute with respect to which an alternative
method of resolution is specified in other sections of this Agreement, shall be resolved by final and binding arbitration conducted
in accordance with the terms of this Section 10.4. The arbitration will be held in The Hague, The Netherlands according to the
Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (  ICC  ). The arbitration will be conducted in
English and will be conducted by a single arbitrator with significant experience in the pharmaceutical industry, unless otherwise
agreed to by the Parties. The ICC will appoint the arbitrator within fifteen (15) days after commencement of the arbitration in
accordance with applicable ICC rules. The arbitrator will be instructed not to award any indirect, special, punitive, consequential
or incidental damages, except for claims for indemnification, breach of confidentiality, fraud, or willful misconduct, and will
render a written decision no later than six (6) months following the selection of the arbitrator, including a basis for any damages
awarded and a statement of how the damages were calculated. Any award will be promptly paid in U.S. Dollars free of any tax, deduction,
or offset. Each Party agrees to abide by the award rendered in any arbitration conducted pursuant to this Section 10.4. With respect
to money damages, nothing contained herein will be construed to permit the arbitrator or any court or any other forum to award
indirect, special, punitive, consequential or incidental damages, except for claims for indemnification, breach of confidentiality,
fraud, or willful misconduct. Each Party will pay its legal fees and costs related to the arbitration (including witness and expert
fees);  provided, however , that the arbitrator shall be authorized to determine whether a Party is the prevailing Party,
and if so, to award to that prevailing Party reimbursement for its reasonable attorneys  fees, costs and disbursements. All
proceedings and decisions of the arbitrator shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws and Rules of Arbitration of the ICC,
be deemed Confidential Information of each of the Parties, and shall be subject to Section 7.5.3. From the date of submission of
the dispute to the Designated Senior Officers in this Section 10.4, until such time as the dispute has become finally settled,
the running of the time period as to which a Party alleged to have breached the Agreement becomes suspended as to any breach that
is the subject matter of the dispute. Judgment on the award so rendered will be final and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
thereof. As used in this Section 10.4,   Excluded Claim   means a dispute, controversy or claim that concerns
(a) the validity or infringement of a patent, trademark or copyright; (b) any antitrust, anti-monopoly or competition law or regulation,
whether or not statutory; or (c) violation of Section 7.5.3 of this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 10.4 will preclude any Party
from seeking interim or provisional relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, including a temporary restraining order, preliminary
injunction or other interim relief, concerning a dispute prior to any arbitration if necessary to protect the interests of such
Party or to preserve the status quo pending the arbitration proceeding. 

10.5         Successors
and Assigns .    The rights of either Party under this Agreement may not be assigned, and the duties of either Party under
this Agreement may not be delegated, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may assign this Agreement without prior written consent to an Affiliate of
such Party or to a party which acquires all or substantially all of that Party s business, whether by merger, sale of assets
or otherwise;  provided, however , that Lion may not exercise this right unless and until the purchaser and/or surviving entity
(i) executes a written acknowledgement and agreement accepting and agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and (ii)
has a net value or worth that is equal to or greater than Lion s (  Permitted Lion Assignee  ). Any attempted
assignment in violation of this Section 10.5 shall be void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and
shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and assigns. 

10.6         No
Waiver . Any failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver thereof or of any other provision. 

10.7         Severability .
If at any time subsequent to the Effective Date, any provision of this Agreement is held by any court of competent jurisdiction
to be illegal, void or unenforceable, which no appeal can be or is taken, such provision shall be considered severed from this
Agreement and shall not serve to invalidate any remaining provisions hereof. The Parties shall make a good faith effort to substitute
or replace the illegal, void or unenforceable provision with a valid, enforceable, and commercially reasonable substitute or replacement,
such that the objectives contemplated by the Parties when entering this Agreement may be realized. 

10.8         Independent
Contractors . It is expressly agreed that the Parties shall be independent contractors and that the relationship between the
Parties hereto shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency. No Party shall have the authority to make any statements,
representations or commitments of any kind, or to take any action, which shall be binding on the other Party, without the prior
written consent of the other Party. 

10.9         No
Third Party Beneficiaries . Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any Third Party (other
than a permitted successor or assign of a Party hereto) any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities. 

10.10       Representatives .
During the Term, PolyBioCept has the right to engage its Representatives in exercising any of its rights and in carrying out any
of its activities and obligations under this Agreement. 

10.11       Force
Majeure . The Parties shall not be liable for the failure or delay in performing any obligation under this Agreement if and
to the extent such failure or delay is due to: (a) acts of God; (b) unusually severe weather condition, fire or explosion; (c)
war, terrorism, invasion, riot or other civil unrest; (d) the issuance, adoption or enactment of any governmental laws, orders,
restrictions, actions, embargoes or blockades; or (e) any other event which is beyond the reasonable control of the affected Party
and could not have been avoided by using commercially reasonable efforts (each such event, a   Force Majeure  );
 provided, however , that the Party affected shall promptly notify the other Party of the Force Majeure condition; shall provide
the other Party, from time to time, with its best estimate of the duration of such Force Majeure event; and shall exert all commercially
reasonable efforts, at its cost, to eliminate, cure or overcome any such causes and to resume performance of its obligations as
soon as possible. Force Majeure does not apply to any obligations for the timely payment by the Parties of amounts due or issuance
of Shares due. If a Force Majeure persists for more than ninety (90) days, then the Parties will discuss in good faith the modification
of the Parties  obligations under this Agreement in order to mitigate the delays caused by such Force Majeure. 

10.12       Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts (which may be transmitted in the form of a facsimile or pdf), by
original, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the Parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement, as of the day and year first above written. 

LION BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.  
       
      POLYBIOCEPT AB   

By: 
     /s/ MARIA FARDIS 
       
     By: 
     /s/ JAKOB GEYER  
 
     Name: Maria Fardis 
       
     Name: Jakob Geyer  
 
     Title: President and CEO 
       
     Title:  Director  

SCHEDULE 1  

Licensed Patents  

Jurisdiction  
       
      Patent # /  
 Application #  
       
      Filing Date  
       
      Status  
       
       Party Responsible for   
  Maintenance    
 
      PCT  
       
      [* * *]  
       
      June 11, 2015  
       
     Pending 
       
     [* * *]-Maintained  
 
      PCT  
       
      [* * *]  
       
      June 11, 2015  
       
     Pending 
       
     PolyBioCept-Maintained  

SCHEDULE 2  

Licensed Know-How  

I.             Data
and Documentation   

1.          Overview
flow chart, complete batch records, and standard operating procedures for Expanding TIL derived from Tumors in the Original Indications
using the Cytokine Cocktails under the Licensed Intellectual Property (  Data and Documentation No. 1  ). 

2.          Clinical
Study Protocols (as such term is defined in the Clinical Trials Agreement) (  Data and Documentation No. 2  ). 

3.          Regulatory
Filings for the Clinical Studies (as such term is defined in the Clinical Trials Agreement) (  Data and Documentation No.
3  ). 

II.            Demonstration
of Concept   

[* * *] 

III.           Acceptance
Criteria   

[* * *]. 

SCHEDULE 2.1  

Additional Terms  

The Transfer of Know-How
under Section 2.2 is subject to the following additional conditions, obligations, and terms: 

1.           For
the avoidance of doubt, any use of the Data and Documentation by Lion, its Affiliates, or sublicensees of Lion is subject to the
conditions, obligations, and terms of the Agreement. 

2.           The
selection of PolyBioCept Personnel shall be at the sole discretion of PolyBioCept. 

3.           Within
four (4) months following the Effective Date, Lion, at its sole expense, shall provision Lion s facility at the University
of South Florida Research Park in Tampa, Florida, with the Equipment and Materials, all equipment being in good working order
and all materials being in a usable condition, as appropriate for their intended purpose, and shall promptly provide PolyBioCept
with written notice of its Achievement of the same (  Notice of Provisioned Facility  ). Lion shall provide PolyBioCept
Personnel with access to and use of such Equipment and Materials for and during performance of the Demonstration of Concept. 

4.           Lion
shall reimburse PolyBioCept for its total costs and expenditures in performing the Transfer of Know-How, consistent with the Budget,
in amount not to exceed two hundred thousand dollars (US$200,000) in cash, which shall be paid according to the following payment
schedule: 

(a)          one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars (US$150,000) in cash concurrently with Lion providing PolyBioCept with a Notice of Provisioned
Facility; and 

(b)          
the True-up Amount within fifteen (15) days after Lion s receipt of a Notice of True-up Amount from PolyBioCept. Following
PolyBioCept s delivery of the Completion Notice to Lion, PolyBioCept shall provide to Lion an accounting detailing the amount
of PolyBioCept s total costs and expenditures in performing the Transfer of Know-How along with written notice of the True-Up
Amount (  Notice of True-up Amount  ). 

5.           Following
the Effective Date until PolyBioCept provides to Lion a Notice of True-up Amount, PolyBioCept shall provide to Lion on a monthly
basis an accounting detailing the amount of PolyBioCept s costs and expenditures in performing the Transfer of Know-How for
the immediately prior month. 

6.           Upon
Lion s written request, PolyBioCept shall provide to Lion reasonable back-up documentary evidence, such as receipts and employee
time sheets, for PolyBioCept s total costs and expenditures in performing the Transfer of Know-How. All expenses for travel,
lodging, transportation and other per diem costs and expenses incurred by PolyBioCept Personnel in performing the Transfer of Know-How
must be reasonable. To the extent travel PolyBioCept Personnel is set forth in the Budget, all reasonable travel, lodging, transportation
and other per diem costs and expenses incurred by PolyBioCept Personnel in connection therewith shall be deemed approved by Lion. 

SCHEDULE 2.2  

Equipment and Materials  

I.             Equipment   

1.          1
biosafety cabinet(s) 

 2.          1
refrigerator(s) 

 3.          1 Freezer -80 C, 1 Freezer -20 C 

 3.          1
incubator(s) with 37.0 C and 5.0% CO 2 settings  

 4.          1
centrifuge(s) for plates and tubes with a capacity of least fifty (50) 15 mL centrifuge tubes 

 5.          1
inverted microscope(s) with different magnifications to detect and monitor TIL cultures 

 6.          1
microplate reader(s) with an absorbance reader for ELISAs 

 7.          1
microplate washer(s) for ELISAs with at least twelve (12) wells and a capacity of 200  l per well, if available 

 8.          1
cell counter(s) for assessing cell viability and 1 standard trypan blue exclusion cell counter chamber 

 9.          1
Equipment to supply a radiation therapy dose of 55 Gy (x-ray or ceasium) 

 10.        1 Flow-Cytometer 

 11.        3 pipette(s) with a capacity of 1 mL 

 11.        3 pipette(s)
with a capacity of 200  l 

 12.        3 pipette(s)
with a capacity of 20  l 

 13.        2 pipetboy(s) 

II.            Materials   

1.          50
sterile petri dishes 

 2.          50
sterile disposable scalpels 

 3.          50
sterile disposable tweezers and forceps 

 4.          50
sterile 96-well microplates 

 5.          80
sterile 24-well microplates 

 6.          60
sterile 6-well microplates 

 7.          100
cyrovials (and caps) 2mL 

 8.          At
least 10*500mL per expansion CellGro  GMP Serum-free Dendritic Cell (DC) Medium 

 9.          At
least 1*500mL per expansion pooled normal male human AB serum 

 10.        At
least 5*100mL dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) 

 12.        At
least 10*50mL of each of Penicillin and Streptomycin 

 14.        20*500mL
0.01 M phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) solution 

 15.        3 serological
pipette(s) with a capacity of 10 mL 

 16.        3 serological
pipette(s) with a capacity of 50 mL 

 17.        2000
tips for pipettes with a capacity of 1 mL 

 18.        2000
tips for pipettes with a capacity of 200  l 

 19.        2000
tips for pipettes with a capacity of 20  l 

 20.        200
Falcon TM  sterile centrifuge tubes with a capacity of 50 mL 

21.        300
Falcon TM  sterile centrifuge tubes with a capacity of 15 mL 

 21.        30
G-Rex10 

 22.        1,000
IU per mL, per expansion recombinant human IL-2 

 23.        10ng
per mL, per expansion recombinant human IL-15 (according to cGMP data sheet Miltenyi) 

 24.        10ng
per mL, per expansion recombinant human IL-21 (according to cGMP data sheet Miltenyi) 

 25.        30ng
per mL, per expansion Anti-CD3 antibody (OKT3) GMP grade 

SCHEDULE 2.3  

Budget  

1.          The
daily equivalent of five (5) PolyBioCept Personnel s annual base salary for such PolyBioCept Personnel s services in
performing the Transfer of Know-How, which is estimated to be approximately sixty-six thousand seven hundred eighty dollars (US$66,780). 

2.          All
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by PolyBioCept Personnel in performing the Transfer of Know-How, which is estimated
to be approximately one hundred nine thousand seven hundred dollars (US$109,700).    

3.          The
cost of materials provided by PolyBioCept for performing the Transfer of Know-How, and the cost and expenses incurred by PolyBioCept
in transporting the same, which is estimated to be approximately twenty-three thousand five hundred twenty dollars (US$23,520). 

SCHEDULE 3  

License Agreements  

1.          [*
* *] Agreement. 

SCHEDULE
4   

Clinical Trials Agreement  

Upon
its execution, a copy of the executed  Clinical Trials Agreement 
by and between Lion and KH will be attached hereto.  

SCHEDULE 5  

Consulting Agreement  

Upon
execution, a copy of the executed  Consulting  Agreement by and between
Lion and PolyBioCept will be attached hereto.  

SCHEDULE 6  

Sponsored Research 
Agreement   

Upon
its execution, a copy of the executed  Sponsored Research  Agreement
by and between Lion and KI will be attached hereto.  

SCHEDULE 7  

Acceptance Certificate  

This Acceptance Certificate
is to certify to PolyBioCept AB (  PolyBioCept  ) that as of ___________________, 20__, Lion Biotechnologies,
Inc. (  Lion  ) agrees that the Transfer of Know-How was materially completed by PolyBioCept in accordance with
Section 2.2.1 of the Exclusive License Agreement by and between PolyBioCept and Lion dated __________. 

LION BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

By: 

Name:  

Title: 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.5>
 3
 v451596_ex10-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.5

Exhibit 10.5 

INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 

This Agreement is made as of [DATE], by
and between Lion Biotechnologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the   Corporation  ), and [NAME] (  Indemnitee  ),
a [TITLE] of the Corporation. 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, it is essential to the Corporation
to retain and attract as directors and officers the most capable persons available; 

WHEREAS, it is the express policy of the
Corporation to indemnify its directors and officers so as to provide them with the maximum possible protection permitted by law; 

WHEREAS, Indemnitee does not regard the
protection available under the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and insurance as adequate in the present
circumstances, and may not be willing to serve or remain as director and/or officer without adequate protection; and 

WHEREAS, the Corporation desires Indemnitee
to serve, or continue to serve, as a director and/or officer of the Corporation. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the
foregoing and other valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which is hereby acknowledged, the Corporation and Indemnitee
hereby agree as follows: 

1.           Indemnitee s
Agreement to Serve . Indemnitee agrees to serve, or to continue to serve, as an officer of the Corporation for so long as she
is duly appointed or until such time as she tenders her resignation in writing or is removed from such position. 

2.           Definitions .
As used in this Agreement: 

(a)          The
term   Proceeding   shall include any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether brought
by or in the right of the Corporation or otherwise and whether of a civil, criminal, administrative or investigative nature, and
any appeal therefrom. 

(b)          The
term   Corporate Status   shall mean the status of a person who is or was a director and/or officer of the Corporation,
or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve, at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or other enterprise. 

(c)          The
term   Expenses   shall include, without limitation, attorneys  fees, retainers, court costs, transcript
costs, fees of experts, reasonable travel expenses, duplicating costs, printing and binding costs, telephone charges, postage,
delivery service fees and other disbursements or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with investigations,
judicial or administrative proceedings or appeals, but shall not include the amount of judgments, fines or penalties against Indemnitee
or amounts paid in settlement in connection with such matters. 

(d)          References
to an   other enterprise   shall include employee benefit plans; references to   fines   shall
include any excise tax assessed with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to   serving at the request of the
Corporation   shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties
on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants
or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner she reasonably believed to be in the interests of the participants
and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner   not opposed to the best interests
of the Corporation   as referred to in this Agreement. 

3.           Indemnification
in Third-Party Proceedings . The Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions of this Paragraph
3 if Indemnitee was or is a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to or otherwise involved in, any Proceeding (other than
a Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor) by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate
Status or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in connection therewith, against all Expenses, judgments,
fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee s behalf
in connection with such Proceeding, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be
in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause
to believe that Indemnitee s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction
or upon a plea of nolo contendere, or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that Indemnitee did not act in
good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation
and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitee s conduct was unlawful. 

4.           Indemnification
in Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation . The Corporation shall indemnify Indemnitee in accordance with the provisions
of this Paragraph 4 if Indemnitee was or is a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to or otherwise involved in, any Proceeding
by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of Indemnitee s Corporate Status or by
reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in connection therewith, against all Expenses and, to the extent permitted
by law, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee s
behalf in connection with such Proceeding, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed
to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests or the Corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made under this Paragraph
4 in respect to any claim, issue or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction,
after the exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the Corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the Corporation,
unless and only to the extent that the court before which the Proceeding was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction shall
determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of such liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee
is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such Expenses and other amounts as such court shall deem proper. 

5.           Exceptions
to Right of Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement: (a) except as set forth in Paragraph
10, the Corporation shall not indemnify Indemnitee in connection with a Proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by Indemnitee unless
the initiation thereof was approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation; (b) the Corporation shall not indemnify Indemnitee
to the extent Indemnitee is reimbursed from the proceeds of insurance, and in the event the Corporation makes any indemnification
payments to Indemnitee and Indemnitee is subsequently reimbursed from the proceeds of insurance, Indemnitee shall promptly refund
such indemnification payments to the Corporation to the extent of such insurance reimbursement; and (c) unless otherwise ordered
by a court of competent jurisdiction, the Corporation shall not indemnify Indemnitee if a court of competent jurisdiction in a
final adjudication determines that Indemnitee s acts or omissions involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation
of law which was material to the Proceeding. 

6.           Indemnification
of Expenses . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee has been successful, on the
merits or otherwise, in defense of any Proceeding or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, Indemnitee shall be indemnified
against all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee s behalf in connection therewith. Without
limiting the foregoing, if any Proceeding or any claim, issue or matter therein is disposed of, on the merits or otherwise (including
a disposition without prejudice), without (a) the disposition being adverse to Indemnitee, (b) an adjudication that Indemnitee
was liable to the Corporation, (c) a plea of guilty or nolo contendere by Indemnitee, (d) an adjudication that Indemnitee did not
act in good faith and in a manner she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and
(e) with respect to any criminal proceeding, an adjudication that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe her conduct was unlawful,
Indemnitee shall be considered for the purposes of this Agreement to have been wholly successful with respect thereto. In addition,
notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of her Corporate Status,
a witness to any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, Indemnitee shall be indemnified and held harmless from all Expenses
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection therewith. 

7.           Notification
and Defense of Claims . As a condition precedent to Indemnitee s right to be indemnified, Indemnitee agrees to notify
the Corporation in writing as soon as reasonably practicable of any Proceeding for which indemnity will or could be sought by Indemnitee
and provide the Corporation with a copy of any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, information or other document
relating to such Proceeding with which Indemnitee is served; provided, however, that the failure to give such notice shall not
relieve the Corporation of its obligations to Indemnitee under this Agreement, except to the extent, if any, that the Corporation
is actually and materially prejudiced by the failure to give such notice. With respect to any Proceeding of which the Corporation
is so notified, the Corporation shall be entitled to participate therein at its own expense and/or to assume the defense thereof
at its own expense, with legal counsel reasonably acceptable to Indemnitee. After notice from the Corporation to Indemnitee of
its election so to assume such defense, the Corporation shall not be liable to Indemnitee for any legal or other expenses subsequently
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such Proceeding, other than as provided below in this Paragraph 7. Indemnitee shall have
the right to employ Indemnitee s own counsel in connection with such Proceeding, but the fees and expenses of such counsel
incurred after notice from the Corporation of its assumption of the defense thereof shall be at the expense of Indemnitee unless
(a) the employment of counsel by Indemnitee has been authorized by the Corporation, (b) counsel to Indemnitee shall have reasonably
concluded and advised the Corporation in writing that there is a conflict of interest on any significant issue between the Corporation
and Indemnitee in the conduct of the defense of such Proceeding, or (c) the Corporation shall not in fact have employed counsel
to assume the defense of such Proceeding, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of counsel for Indemnitee shall be at the
expense of the Corporation, except as otherwise expressly provided by this Agreement. The Corporation shall not be entitled, without
the consent of Indemnitee, to assume the defense of any claim brought by or in the right of the Corporation or as to which counsel
for Indemnitee shall have reasonably made the conclusion and given the notice provided for in clause (b) above. The Corporation
shall not be required to indemnify Indemnitee under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any Proceeding effected
without its written consent. The Corporation shall not settle any Proceeding in any manner which would impose any penalty or limitation
on Indemnitee without Indemnitee s written consent. Neither the Corporation nor Indemnitee will unreasonably withhold its
consent to any proposed settlement. 

8.           Advancement
of Expenses . Any Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any such Proceeding to which Indemnitee was or is a witness
or a party or is threatened to be a party by reason of her Corporate Status or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken
or omitted in connection therewith shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such matter; provided,
however, that the payment of such Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in advance of the final disposition of such matter shall be made
only upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of Indemnitee to repay all amounts so advanced in the event that it shall ultimately
be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized
in this Agreement; and further provided that no such advancement of Expenses shall be made if it is determined in accordance with
the terms of this Agreement that (a) Indemnitee did not act in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be
in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Corporation, or (b) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, Indemnitee
had reasonable cause to believe Indemnitee s conduct was unlawful. Such undertaking shall be accepted without reference to
the financial ability of Indemnitee to make such repayment. If, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, Indemnitee is not entitled
to be indemnified with respect to such Proceeding, then such Expenses shall be repaid by Indemnitee within sixty days after the
receipt by Indemnitee of the written request by the Corporation for Indemnitee to make payments to the Corporation. 

9.           Procedure
for Indemnification . In order to obtain indemnification pursuant to Paragraph 3, 4, 6 or 8 of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall
submit to the Corporation a written request, including in such request such documentation and information as is reasonably available
to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification or
advancement of Expenses. Any such indemnification or advancement of Expenses shall be made promptly by the Corporation and in any
event within sixty days after receipt by the Corporation of the written request of Indemnitee, unless with respect to requests
under Paragraph 3 or 4 the Corporation determines within such sixty-day period that Indemnitee did not meet the applicable standard
of conduct set forth in Paragraph 3 or 4, as the case may be. Such determination, and any determination pursuant to Paragraph 8
that advanced Expenses must be repaid to the Corporation, shall be made in each instance (a) by the Corporation s Board of
Directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who are not, and were not, parties to the Proceeding (  Disinterested
Directors  ), (b) if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of Disinterested Directors so orders, by independent legal
counsel (selected by the Disinterested Directors) in a written opinion, (c) if a majority vote of a quorum of Disinterested Directors
cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel (selected by the Disinterested Directors) in a written opinion, or (d) by the
stockholders of the Corporation, if that option is selected by the Disinterested Directors. To the extent permitted by applicable
law, such counsel may be regular legal counsel to the Corporation. If there are no Disinterested Directors, independent legal counsel
shall be selected by a majority vote of the directors then in office. 

10.         Remedies .
The right to indemnification and advancement of Expenses as provided by this Agreement shall be enforceable by Indemnitee in any
court of competent jurisdiction. Unless otherwise required by law, the burden of proving that indemnification is not appropriate
shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such
action that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an
actual determination by the Corporation pursuant to Paragraph 9 that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct
shall create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct. Indemnitee s expenses, of the
type described in the definition of  Expenses  in Paragraph 2(c), actually and reasonably incurred in connection with
successfully establishing Indemnitee s right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such Proceeding also shall be
reimbursed by the Corporation. 

11.         Partial
Indemnification . If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Corporation for
some or a portion of the Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties or amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by
Indemnitee or on Indemnitee s behalf in connection with any Proceeding but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the
Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties or amounts paid
in settlement to which Indemnitee is entitled. 

12.         Subrogation .
In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Corporation shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the
rights of recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all action reasonably necessary to secure such
rights, including execution of such documents as are reasonably necessary to enable the Corporation to bring suit to enforce such
rights. 

13.         Term
of Agreement . This Agreement shall continue until and terminate upon the latest of (a) six years after the date that Indemnitee
shall have ceased to serve as a director and/or officer of the Corporation or, at the request of the Corporation, as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise; (b) the expiration of
all applicable statute of limitations periods for any claim which may be brought against Indemnitee in a Proceeding as a result
of her Corporate Status; or (c) the final termination of all Proceedings pending on the date set forth in clauses (a) or (b) in
respect of which Indemnitee is granted rights of indemnification or advancement of Expenses hereunder and of any proceeding commenced
by Indemnitee pursuant to Paragraph 10 of this Agreement relating thereto. 

14.         Indemnification
Hereunder Not Exclusive . The indemnification and advancement of Expenses provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed exclusive
of any other rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws, any
agreement, any vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors, the applicable law of the State of Nevada, and any other law (common
or statutory) or otherwise, both as to action in Indemnitee s official corporate capacity and as to action in another capacity
while holding office for the Corporation. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to prohibit the Corporation from
purchasing and maintaining insurance, at its expense, to protect itself or Indemnitee against any expense, liability or loss incurred
by it or Indemnitee in any such capacity, or arising out of Indemnitee s status as such, whether or not Indemnitee would
be indemnified against such expense, liability or loss under this Agreement; provided that the Corporation shall not be liable
under this Agreement to make any payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if and to the extent that Indemnitee has
otherwise actually received such payment under any insurance policy, contract, agreement or otherwise, including as provided in
Paragraph 5 of this Agreement. 

15.         No
Special Rights . Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon Indemnitee any right to continue to serve as a director or officer
of the Corporation for any period of time or at any particular rate of compensation. 

16.         Savings
Clause . If this Agreement or any portion thereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction,
then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee as to Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement
with respect to any Proceeding to the full extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Agreement that shall not have been
invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

17.         Counterparts;
Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts, both of which together shall constitute the original instrument.
This Agreement may be executed by facsimile signatures or by signatures e-mailed in PDF format. 

18.         Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon the Corporation and its successors and assigns and shall inure to the benefit
of the estate, heirs, executors, administrators and personal representatives of Indemnitee. 

19.         Headings .
The headings of the paragraphs of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of
this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 

20.         Amendment
and Waiver . No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both
of the parties to this Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver
of any other provision of this Agreement nor shall any such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

21.         Notices .
Each notice, demand and other communication hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (1) when delivered
by hand, (2) if mailed by certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date on which
it is so mailed, or (3) on the first business day after having been delivered to a reputable overnight delivery service: 

(a)          if
to Indemnitee, to Indemnitee s address set forth on the signature page of this Agreement; 

(b)          if
to the Corporation, to: 

Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. 

 112 W. 34 th  Street, 17 th  floor, 

 New York, New York 10120 

 Attention: Board of Directors 

or to such other address as may have been
furnished to Indemnitee by the Corporation or to the Corporation by Indemnitee, as the case may be. 

22.         Applicable
Law . This Agreement is governed by and is to be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without giving
effect to any provisions thereof relating to conflict of laws. 

23.         Enforcement .
The Corporation expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into this Agreement in order to induce Indemnitee to continue
to serve as a director and/or officer of the Corporation and acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this Agreement in continuing
in such capacity. 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have
caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the date first written above. 

LION BIOTECHNOLOGIES, INC.  

By: 

Print Name: 

Title: 

Signature of Indemnitee  

Print Name: 

Address: 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v451596_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Maria Fardis, Chief Executive Officer
of Lion Biotechnologies, Inc., certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed
    this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on
    my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on
    my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
    respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
    in this report;   

4.  
      I am responsible
    for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
    and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
    and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      I have disclosed,
    based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
    audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and   

b)  
      Any fraud,
    whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:  November
    4, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/
    Maria Fardis   

Maria Fardis   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v451596_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Greg Schiffman, Chief Financial Officer
of Lion Biotechnologies, Inc., certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed
    this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Lion Biotechnologies, Inc.;   

2.  
      Based on
    my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on
    my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
    respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
    in this report;   

4.  
      I am responsible
    for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
    and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
    and have:   

a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      I have disclosed,
    based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
    audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and   

b)  
      Any fraud,
    whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
    November 4, 2016  
      By:    
      / s/ Greg
    Schiffman    

Greg Schiffman   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 v451596_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Maria Fardis, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  November
    4, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/
    Maria Fardis   

Maria Fardis   

Chief Executive Officer   

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 v451596_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Lion Biotechnologies, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Greg Schiffman, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  November
    4, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/
    Greg Schiffman   

Greg
    Schiffman   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 lbio-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lbio-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 lbio-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lbio-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 lbio-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 lbio-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

