<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161208_10-Q-A_edgar_data_811830_0000811830-16-000074_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>35122631</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>427110</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1430508</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12969038</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>15843630</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3816319</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>137</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000811830-16-000074.hdr.sgml : 20161208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161207175514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000811830-16-000074
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Santander Holdings USA, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000811830
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				232453088
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16581
		FILM NUMBER:		162040033

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 STATE STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617) 346-7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 STATE STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOVEREIGN BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000811830-16-000074.txt : 20161208

10-Q/A
 1
 santanderholdingsq12015a.htm
 10-Q/A

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q/A 
  Amendment No. 1 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   March 31, 2015    
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                         . 
  Commission File Number: 001-16581 
  SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
    
                   Virginia 
  (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    23-2453088 
  (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

75 State Street, Boston, Massachusetts 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
      
    02109 
  (Zip Code) 

(617) 346-7200 
  Registrant s telephone number including area code 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      . No   o  . 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation ST (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes      . No   o  . 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer   o 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 
      
    Non-accelerated filer     
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes   o  . No      . 
  APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

EXPLANATORY NOTE  
    
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc. ("SHUSA" or the "Company") is filing this Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (the "Form 10-Q/A").  
    
  This Form10-Q/A amends the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, as originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on May 13, 2015 (the "Original Filing"). This Form 10-Q/A is being filed to restate our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 to make related corrections to certain disclosures in the Original Filing. The restatement of our financial statements in this Form 10-Q/A reflects the correction of errors primarily related to (i) errors in our methodology for estimating credit loss allowance for retail installment contracts ("RICs") held for investment (ii) errors related to the lack of consideration of net discounts when estimating the allowance for credit losses ("ACL") for the non-troubled debt restructurings ("TDRs") portfolio of RICs held for investment, (iii) errors in our methodology for accreting / amortizing dealer discounts, subvention payments from manufacturers, and capitalized origination costs on RICs held for investment, and (iv) an error in computing the present value of expected future cash flow whereby the TDRs' weighted average original contractual interest rate was utilized rather than the TDRs' weighted average original effective interest rate as required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). The restatement also includes the correction of errors related to the income tax effects of the above errors as well as the correction of additional items for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014. Further explanation regarding the restatement is set forth in Note 18 to the unaudited condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-Q/A.  
    
  The following sections in the Original Filing have been corrected in this Form 10-Q/A to reflect this restatement: 

Part I - Item 1: Condensed Consolidated Financial Information 
                
    Part I - Item 2: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
                
    Part I - Item 4: Controls and Procedures 
                
    Part II - Item 6: Exhibits 
       
  Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have also provided new certifications as required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The certifications are included in this Form 10-Q/A as Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1 and 32.2. 
    
  For the convenience of the reader, this Form 10-Q/A sets forth the information in the Original Filing in its entirety, as such information is modified and superseded where necessary to reflect the restatement. Except as provided above, this amendment does not reflect events occurring after the filing of the Original Filing and does not amend or otherwise update any information in the Original Filing.  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. ( SHUSA  or the  Company ) contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding the financial condition, results of operations, business plans and future performance of the Company. Words such as  may,   could,   should,   looking forward,   will,   would,   believe,   expect,   hope,   anticipate,   estimate,   intend,   plan,   assume  or similar expressions are intended to indicate forward-looking statements. 
    
  Although SHUSA believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date on which the statements are made, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties based on various factors and assumptions. Among the factors that could cause SHUSA s financial performance to differ materially from that suggested by forward-looking statements are: 

the effects of regulation and policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve ), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the  FDIC ), the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the  OCC ) and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the  CFPB ), including changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve, the failure to adhere to which could subject SHUSA to formal or informal regulatory compliance and enforcement actions; 
                
    the strength of the United States economy in general and regional and local economies in which SHUSA conducts operations in particular, which may affect, among other things, the level of non-performing assets, charge-offs, and provisions for credit losses; 
                
    the ability of certain European member countries to continue to service their debt and the risk that a weakened European economy could negatively affect U.S.-based financial institutions, counterparties with which SHUSA does business, as well as the stability of global financial markets; 
                
    inflation, interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations, which may, among other things, reduce net interest margins, impact funding sources and affect our ability to originate and distribute financial products in the primary and secondary markets; 
                
    adverse movements and volatility in debt and equity capital markets and adverse changes in the securities markets, including those related to the financial condition of significant issuers in SHUSA s investment portfolio; 
                
    SHUSA s ability to manage changes in the value and quality of its assets, changing market conditions that may force management to alter the implementation or continuation of cost savings or revenue enhancement strategies and the possibility that revenue enhancement initiatives may not be successful in the marketplace or may result in unintended costs; 
                
    SHUSA s ability to timely develop competitive new products and services in a changing environment and the acceptance of such products and services by customers; 
                
    the ability of SHUSA and its third-party vendors to convert and maintain SHUSA s data processing and related systems on a timely and acceptable basis and within projected cost estimates; 
                
    the impact of changes in financial services policies, laws and regulations, including laws, regulations and policies concerning taxes, banking, capital, liquidity, proper accounting treatment, securities and insurance, the applications and interpretations thereof by regulatory bodies and the impact of changes in and interpretations of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP"); 
                
    the impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "DFA"), enacted in July 2010, which is a significant development for the industry, and the full impact of which will not be known until the rule-making processes mandated by the legislation are complete, although the impact has involved and will involve higher compliance costs which have affected and will affect SHUSA s revenue and earnings negatively; 
                
    competitors of SHUSA that may have greater financial resources or may develop products and technology that enable those competitors to compete more successfully than SHUSA; 
                
    acts of terrorism or domestic or foreign military conflicts; and acts of God, including natural disasters; 
                
    the costs and effects of regulatory or judicial proceedings; 
                
    the outcome of ongoing tax audits by federal, state and local income tax authorities that may require SHUSA to pay additional taxes compared to what has been accrued or paid as of period-end; and  
                
    SHUSA s success in managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 

1 

GLOSSARY OF ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS 
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc. provides the following list of abbreviations and acronyms as a tool for the reader that are used in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
                      ABS: Asset-backed securities 
      
    GAAP: Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
      ACL: Allowance for credit losses 
      
    GBM: Global Banking   Markets and Large Corporate Banking 
      Alt-A: Loans originated through brokers outside the Bank's geographic footprint, often lacking full documentation 
      
    GSE: Government-sponsored entities 
      ASC: Accounting Standards Codification 
      
    IHC: U.S. intermediate holding company 
      ASU: Accounting Standards Update 
      
    IHC Implementation Plan: Plan for meeting the requirements of the Final Rule 
      Bank: Santander Bank, National Association 
      
    IPO: Initial public offering 
      BHC: Bank holding company 
      
    IRS: Internal Revenue Service 
      BOLI: Bank-owned life insurance 
      
    ISDA: International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
      Brokers: Independent parties 
      
    LCR: Liquidity coverage ratio 
      CBP: Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania 
      
    LHFS: Loans held-for-sale 
      CCAR: Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review 
      
    LIBOR: London Interbank Offered Rate 
      CD: Certificate(s) of deposit 
      
    LIHTC: Low Income Housing Tax Credit Investment 
      CEVF: Commercial equipment vehicle funding 
      
    LTV: Loan-to-value 
      CET1: Common equity tier 1 
      
    MBS: Mortgage-backed securities 
      CFPB: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
      
    MD A: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
      Change in Control: First quarter 2014 change in control and consolidation of SCUSA 
      
    MSR: Mortgage servicing right 
      Chrysler Agreement: Ten-year private label financing agreement with the Chrysler Group signed by SCUSA  
      
    MVE: Market value of equity 
      Chrysler Capital: trade name used in providing services under the Chrysler Agreement.  
      
    NCI: Non-controlling interest 
      Chrysler Group: Chrysler Group LLC (FCA US LLC as of December 14, 2014) 
      
    NPL: Non-performing loans 
      CID: Civil investigative demand 
      
    NSFR: Net stable funding ratio 
      CLO: Collateralized loan obligations 
      
    OCC: Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
      CLTV: Combined loan-to-value 
      
    OEM: Original equipment manufacturer  
      CODM: Chief Operating Decision Maker 
      
    OIS: Overnight indexed swap 
      Company: Santander Holdings USA, Inc. 
      
    Order: OCC consent order signed by SBNA on January 26, 2012 which replaced a prior order signed by the Bank and other parties with the OTS.  
      Consent Order: Consent order signed by the Bank with the OCC on April 17, 2015 that resolved issues related to the sale and servicing of the identify theft protection product.  
      
    Original filing: Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, as originally filed with the SEC on May 13, 2015 
      CPR: Changes in anticipated loan prepayment rates 
      
    OREO: Other real estate owned 
      DCF: Discounted cash flow  
      
    OTS: Office of Thrift Supervision 
      DDFS: Dundon DFS LLC 
      
    OTS Order: Consent order signed by the Bank and other parties with the OTS on April 13, 2011 resolving certain of the Bank's and other parties' foreclosure activities.  
      DFA: Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
      
    REIT: Real estate investment trust 
      DOJ: Department of Justice 
      
    OTTI: Other-than-temporary impairment 
      DOJ Order: Consent order signed by SCUSA with the DOJ on February 25, 2015 that resolved claims related to certain of SCUSA's repossession and collection activities. 
      
    RV: Recreational vehicle 
      DTI: Debt-to-income 
      
    S P: Standard   Poor's 
      ECOA: Equal Credit Opportunity Act 
      
    Santander: Banco Santander, S.A. 
      EPS: Enhanced Prudential Standards 
      
    Santander NY: New York branch of Banco Santander, S.A. 

2 

Exchange Act: Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
      
    Santander UK: Santander UK plc 
      FASB: Financial Accounting Standards Board 
      
    SCF: Statement of Cash Flows 
      FBO: Foreign banking organization 
      
    SCRA: Servicemember Civil Relief Act 
      FDIC: Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
      
    SCUSA: Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries 
      Federal Reserve: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
      
    SCUSA Common Stock: Common shares of SCUSA 
      FHLB: Federal Home Loan Bank 
      
    SEC: Securities and Exchange Commission 
      FHLMC: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
      
    Securities Act: Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
      FICO: Fair Isaac Corporation        credit scoring model 
      
    SHUSA: Santander Holdings USA, Inc. 
      Final Rule: Rule implementing certain of the EPS mandated by Section 165 of the DFA 
      
    SPE: Special purpose entity 
      FNMA: Federal National Mortgage Association 
      
    Sponsor Holdings: Sponsor Auto Finance Holding Series LP 
      FOMC: Federal Open Market Committee 
      
    SUBI: Special unit of beneficial interest (in a titling trust used to finance leases) 
      FRB: Federal Reserve Bank 
      
    TDR: Troubled debt restructuring 
      FVO: Fair value option 
      
    Trusts: Securitization trusts 

UPB: Unpaid principal balance 

VIE: Variable interest entity 

3 

INDEX 

4 

PART 1- FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
                 Item 1. 
    Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (Unaudited) 

(1)     Loans held for investment includes   $676.1 million   and   $845.9 million   of loans recorded at fair value at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. 
   (2)     Recorded at the fair value option ("FVO") or lower of cost or fair value.  
   (3)     Net of accumulated depreciation of   $691.2 million   and   $638.0 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. 
   (4)     Includes Mortgage Servicing Rights ("MSRs") of   $135.5 million   and   $145.0 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively, for which the Company has elected the FVO. 
   (5)     The Company has interests in certain securitization trusts ("Trusts") that are considered variable interest entities ("VIEs") for accounting purposes. The Company consolidates VIEs where it is deemed the primary beneficiary. See Note 7 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
   (6)     Net of accumulated depreciation of   $1.1 billion   and   $817.9 million   at March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively. 
    
  See accompanying notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   5 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited)   

  See accompanying notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   6 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

7 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 
  FOR THE   THREE-MONTH PERIODS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014    
  (Unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

(1) Refer to Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 

See accompanying notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   8 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   9 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Introduction  
    
  SHUSA is the parent company of Santander Bank, National Association, (the "Bank"), a national banking association, and Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "SCUSA"), a consumer finance company focused on vehicle finance and personal lending products. SHUSA is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts and the Bank's main office is in Wilmington, Delaware. SHUSA is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Banco Santander, S.A. ("Santander").  
    
  The Bank s primary business consists of attracting deposits from its network of retail branches, and originating small business loans, middle market, large and global commercial loans, multi-family loans, residential mortgage loans, home equity loans and lines of credit, and auto and other consumer loans throughout the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern areas of the United States, focused throughout Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, Delaware and Maryland. The Bank uses its deposits, as well as other financing sources, to fund its loan and investment portfolios.  
    
  SCUSA has a controlling interest in Santander Consumer USA Inc., which is headquartered in Dallas, Texas, and is a full-service, technology-driven consumer finance company focused on vehicle finance and personal lending products.  
    
  On January 22, 2014, SCUSA's registration statement for an initial public offering ("IPO") of shares of its common stock (the  SCUSA Common Stock ), was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Prior to the IPO, the Company owned approximately   65%   of the shares of SCUSA's common stock.  
    
  On January 28, 2014, the IPO was closed, and certain stockholders of SCUSA, including the Company and Sponsor Auto Finance Holdings Series LP ("Sponsor Holdings"), sold   85,242,042   shares of SCUSA Common Stock. Immediately following the IPO, the Company owned approximately   61%   of the shares of SCUSA Common Stock. In connection with these sales, certain board representation, governance and other rights granted to Dundon DFS, LLC ("DDFS") and Sponsor Holdings were terminated as a result of the reduction in DDFS and Sponsor Holdings  collective ownership of shares of SCUSA Common Stock below certain ownership thresholds, causing the Change in Control.  
    
  Prior to the Change in Control, the Company accounted for its investment in SCUSA under the equity method. Following the Change in Control, the Company consolidated the financial results of SCUSA in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company s consolidation of SCUSA is treated as an acquisition of SCUSA by the Company in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 805 - Business Combinations (ASC 805). SCUSA Common Stock is now listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol "SC".  
    
  See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed discussion of the Company's consolidation of SCUSA in accordance with ASC 805.  
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, including the Bank, SCUSA, and certain special purpose financing trusts utilized in financing transactions which are considered VIEs. The Company consolidates VIEs for which it is deemed the primary beneficiary. The Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared by the Company, without audit, pursuant to SEC regulations. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Additionally, where applicable, the Company's accounting policies conform to the accounting and reporting guidelines prescribed by bank regulatory authorities. However, in the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements reflect all adjustments of a normal and recurring nature necessary to present fairly the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, Condensed Statements of Operations, Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income, Condensed Statements of Stockholder's Equity and Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the periods indicated, and contain adequate disclosure to make the information presented not misleading.  
  
   10 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
    
  Significant Accounting Policies  
    
  Management has identified accounting for consolidation, business combinations, the allowance for loan losses for originated and purchased loans and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments, loan modifications and troubled debt restructurings, goodwill, derivatives and hedge activities, and income taxes as the Company's significant accounting policies and estimates, in that they are important to the portrayal of the Company's financial condition and results of operations and cash flows and the accounting estimates related thereto require management's most difficult, subjective and complex judgments as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014.  
    
  As of March 31, 2015, with the exception of the items noted in the section "Changes in Accounting Policies" below, there have been no significant changes to the Company's accounting policies as disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2014.  
    
  Changes in Accounting Policies     
    
  During the first quarter of 2015, the Company adopted the following Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") Accounting Standards Updates ("ASUs"), none of which had a material impact to the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet or Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations: 

The Company adopted the FASB ASU 2014-01,   Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Accounting for Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects,   which allows an entity to make an accounting policy election to     account for its investments in qualified affordable housing projects using the proportional amortization method, if certain conditions are met. Under this method, an investor would amortize the cost of its investments in proportion to the tax credits and other tax benefits received and will recognize the amortization, net of tax credits and other tax benefits, in the income statement as a component of income tax expense. This ASU is required to be adopted on a retrospective basis for all periods presented. The adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect to the Company s prior periods  consolidated financial statements to warrant retrospective application. The cumulative effect of the adoption was recognized in the first quarter of 2015 and was not material to the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. 

The Company adopted FASB ASU 2014-04,   Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors (Subtopic 310-40) - Reclassification of Residential Real Estate Collateralized Consumer Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure,   on a prospective basis. Under this ASU, an in-substance repossession or foreclosure occurs when the creditor obtains legal title to the residential real estate property or the borrower conveys all interest in the residential real estate property to the creditor to satisfy the loan through completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal agreement. The Company s adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

The Company adopted FASB ASU 2014-14,   Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors (Subtopic 310-40): Classification of Certain Government-Guaranteed Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure.   This ASU requires that a government-guaranteed mortgage loan be de-recognized, and that a separate other receivable be recognized, upon foreclosure if the three criteria identified in the ASU are met. Upon foreclosure and meeting the three criteria, the separate other receivable should be measured based on the amount of the loan balance (principal and interest) that is expected to be recovered from the guarantor. The Company s adoption of this ASU did not have a material effect on its condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest- Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.   This ASU simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that debt issuance costs be presented as a deduction from the recognized debt liability, and eliminates prior guidance which required that debt issuance costs be recorded as a deferred charge. This amendment will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. Adoption of the amendment by the Company must be on a retrospective basis. This ASU was  adopted as part of the Form 10-Q/A and did not have a material effect on the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
     
   11 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. The most significant estimates pertain to consolidation, fair value measurements, allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments, estimates of expected residual values of leased vehicles subject to operating leases, goodwill, derivatives and hedge activities, and income taxes. Actual results may differ from the estimates, and the differences may be material to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Subsequent Events 
    
  The Company evaluated events from the date of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements on   March 31, 2015   through the Original Filing of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and has determined that there have been no material events that would require recognition in its Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements or disclosure in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the quarter ended   March 31, 2015   other than the transaction disclosed within Note 10 and 17 of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.   

NOTE 2. RECENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB") issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  , superseding the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605. This ASU requires an entity to recognize revenue for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amendment includes a five-step process to assist an entity in achieving the main principle(s) of revenue recognition under ASC 605. The amendment will be effective for the Company for the first annual period ending after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. On April 29, 2015, the FASB voted to propose a one-year deferral for the effective date of the amendment. If approved following the 30-day comment period, the amendment would be effective for the Company for the first annual period ending after December 15, 2017. The amendment should be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or as a cumulative effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. Early adoption of the guidance is not permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on its financial position, results of operations and disclosures. 
    
  In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,   Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period (Topic 718)  . This ASU requires that a performance target that affects vesting, and could be achieved after the requisite service period, be treated as a performance condition. Application of existing guidance in ASC 718, as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting, should continue to be used to account for such awards. The amendment will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2015. Adoption of this amendment should be applied on a prospective basis to awards that are granted or modified on or after the effective date. There also is an option to apply the amendments on a modified retrospective basis for performance targets outstanding on or after the beginning of the first annual period presented as of the adoption date. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU on its financial position, results of operations and disclosures. 
    
  In August 2014, the FASB also issued ASU 2014-15,   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40).   This ASU requires management to perform an assessment of going concern and provides specific guidance on when and how to assess or disclose going concern uncertainties. The new standard also defines terms used in the evaluation of going concern, such as "substantial doubt." Following application, the Company will be required to perform assessments at each annual and interim period, provide an assessment period of one year from the issuance date, and make disclosures in certain circumstances in which substantial doubt is identified. The amendment will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2016. Earlier application is permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have an impact on its financial position, result of operations, or disclosures.  

12 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 2. RECENT ACCOUNTING DEVELOPMENTS (continued) 
    
  In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01,   Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.   This ASU eliminates the concept of extraordinary items from GAAP, which previously required the separate classification, presentation, and disclosure of extraordinary events and transactions. The amendment will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted if the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. Adoption of the amendment by the Company can be either on a prospective or retrospective basis. The Company plans to apply this amendment effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and will apply it prospectively as the Company has not reported any extraordinary items in the three prior fiscal years. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have an impact on its financial position, results of operations, or disclosures.  
    
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 820): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.   This ASU changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The amendment will be effective for the Company for the first reporting period ending after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted if the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. Adoption of the amendment by the Company may be on a retrospective or modified retrospective basis. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impacts of the adoption of this ASU.  

NOTE 3. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (As Restated) 
    
  General 
    
  On January 28, 2014, the Company obtained a controlling financial interest in SCUSA in connection with the Change in Control. The financial information set forth in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements gives effect to the Company s consolidation of SCUSA as a result of the Change in Control.  
    
  Consolidated Assets acquired and Liabilities assumed 
    
  The Company did not incur any material transaction related expenses in connection with the Change in Control, and no cash, equity interests, or other forms of consideration were transferred from the Company in connection with the Change in Control. As a result, the Company measured goodwill by reference to the fair value of SCUSA's equity as implied by the IPO offering price. The following table summarizes these equity related interests in SCUSA which constitute the purchase price and the identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 
  
   13 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 3. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (As Restated) (continued) 

The fair value of the non-controlling interest ("NCI") of   $3.3 billion   and the fair value of the Company's remaining ownership interest in SCUSA of   $5.1 billion   were determined on the basis of the market price of SCUSA Common Stock on the Change in Control date. 
    
  The Company recognized SCUSA s stock option awards that were outstanding as of the IPO date at fair value, which in aggregate amounted to   $369.3 million  . The portion of the total fair value of the stock option awards that is attributable to pre-business combination service amounting to   $210.2 million   represented a NCI in SCUSA as of the IPO date, while   $159.1 million   of the total amount pertains to the post-business combination portion, which will be recognized as stock compensation expense over the remaining vesting period of the awards in the Company s post-business combination consolidated financial statements. Of the total   $159.1 million  ,   $82.6 million   was immediately recognized as stock compensation expense as a result of the acceleration of the vesting of certain of the stock option awards upon the closing of the IPO. The fair value of share option awards were estimated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The Company also recognized SCUSA's restricted stock awards that were outstanding as of the IPO date at fair value. These shares of restricted stock were granted to certain SCUSA executives on December 28, 2013 and had an aggregate fair value of approximately   $12.0 million   as of the IPO date. The grant date fair value was determined based on SCUSA's per share prices as of the IPO closing date.  
    
  The fair value of the assets acquired includes finance receivables. SHUSA estimated the fair value of loans acquired from SCUSA by utilizing a methodology in which similar loans were aggregated into pools. Cash flows for each pool were determined by estimating future credit losses and the rate of prepayments. Projected monthly cash flows were then discounted to present value based on a market rate for similar loans. There was no carryover of SCUSA's allowance for loan losses associated with the loans SHUSA acquired as the loans were initially recorded at fair value.  
  
   14 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 3. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (As Restated) (continued) 

January 28, 2014 

(in thousands) 
      Fair value of loan receivables    (1)  
      
    $ 
    19,870,790 
      
      Gross contractual amount of loan receivables    (1)  
      
    31,410,699 
      
      Estimate of contractual cash flows not expected to be collected at acquisition    (1)  
      
    4,301,586 

(1)    Fair value of receivables does not include amounts related to the loan receivables - unsecured and loan receivables from dealers due to the short-term and revolving nature of the receivables. 

The loans purchased in the Change in Control were recognized at fair value, which was at a discount to the unpaid principal balance ("UPB") of the loans. Discounts on purchased loans are accreted over the remaining expected lives of the loans using the retrospective effective interest method. The unamortized portion of the purchase discount is a reduction to the loans  recorded investment and therefore reduces the allowance requirements. Because the loans purchased in a bulk purchase or in a business combination are initially recognized at fair value with no allowance, the Company considers the entire unaccreted discount on these loans available to absorb credit losses in the purchased portfolio when determining the ACL. For these loans, the Company records provisions for credit losses when incurred losses exceed the unaccreted purchase discount. This policy does not apply to purchases of loan portfolios acquired with evidence of credit deterioration, on which we elected to apply the fair value option ("FVO"), or to the RICs originated after the Change in Control. 

(1) 
    UPB does not include amounts related to the loan receivables - unsecured and loan receivables from dealers due to the short-term and revolving nature of the receivables. 
              (2) 
    The Company elected to account for these loans under the FVO. 
              (3) 
    Includes purchase marks of   $741.1 million   related to purchase loan portfolios on which we elected to apply the FVO. 
       
  Goodwill recognized in connection with the Change in Control is attributable to SCUSA's workforce as well as the experience, proven track record, and strong capabilities of its senior management team. The goodwill associated with the Change in Control was allocated to our SCUSA segment and is not deductible for tax purposes. 

15 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 3. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Gain on Change in Control 
    
  The Company recognized a pre-tax gain of   $2.4 billion   in connection with the Change in Control in Non-interest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

In connection with the closing of the IPO on January 28, 2014, the Company sold   13,895,243   shares of SCUSA Common Stock, which generated proceeds of   $320.1 million   and a realized gain on sale of   $137.5 million  . 
    
  Proforma Financial Information (Unaudited) 
    
  The results of SCUSA are included in our results beginning January 28, 2014. The following table summarizes the actual unaudited amounts of Total revenue, net of Total interest expense and Net income including Noncontrolling Interest of SCUSA included in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014   and the supplemental pro forma consolidated Total revenue, net of total interest expense and Net income including noncontrolling interest of SHUSA entity for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014   as if the Change in Control had occurred on January 1, 2013. These results include the impact of amortizing certain purchase accounting adjustments such as intangible assets as well as fair value adjustments to loans and issued debt. These pro forma results are presented for illustrative purposes and are not intended to represent or be indicative of the actual consolidated results of operations of SHUSA that would have been achieved had the Change in Control occurred at January 1, 2013, nor are they intended to represent or be indicative of future results of operations.  

SCUSA Amounts Included in Results for Three-Month Period Ended March 31, 2014 
    Supplemental Pro Forma Combined for the Three- Month Period Ended March 31, 2014    (b)  

(in thousands) 

Total Revenue, Net of Total Interest Expense        (a)  
      
    $ 
    1,020,960 
      
    $ 
    1,930,714 
      
      Net Income including Noncontrolling Interest 
      
    282,902 
      
    105,669 

(a) Total Revenue, Net of Total Interest Expense is calculated as the sum of Total Interest Income and Total Non-Interest Income, less Total Interest Expense. 
      (b) Includes the impact of recording provision for loan losses necessary to bring the retail installment contracts and personal unsecured loans to their expected carrying values considering the required allowance for loan losses on their recorded investment amounts.  

These amounts have been calculated after applying SHUSA's accounting policies and adjusting the results of SCUSA to reflect additional depreciation and amortization that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to loans, debt, premises and equipment had been applied from January 1, 2013 with the consequential tax effects. 

16 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES 
    
  Investments Available-for-sale 
    
  Investment Securities Summary - Available-for-sale 
    
  The following tables present the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses and approximate fair values of securities available-for-sale at the dates indicated: 

(1) Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("FHLMC") and Federal National Mortgage Association ("FNMA") 

The Company continuously evaluates its investment strategies in light of changes in the regulatory and market environments that could have an impact on capital and liquidity. Based on this evaluation, it is reasonably possible that the Company may elect to pursue other strategies relative to its investment securities portfolio.  
    
  As of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the Company had investment securities available-for-sale with an estimated fair value of   $3.4 billion   and   $3.5 billion  , respectively, pledged as collateral, which was made up of the following:   $2.6 billion   and   $2.6 billion   were pledged to secure public fund deposits;   $274.7 million   and   $301.6 million  , respectively, were pledged at various brokers to secure repurchase agreements, support hedging relationships, and for recourse on loan sales; and   $535.9 million   and   $560.6 million  , respectively, were pledged to secure the Bank's customer overnight sweep product. 
  
   17 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES (continued) 
    
  At   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the Company had   $68.2 million   and   $67.3 million  , respectively, of accrued interest related to investment securities. 
    
  The Company's state and municipal bond portfolio primarily consists of general obligation bonds of states, cities, counties and school districts. The portfolio had a weighted average underlying credit risk rating of AA+ as of   March 31, 2015  . The largest geographic concentrations of state and local municipal bonds are in Texas, Florida, Massachusetts and Washington, which represented   12.5%  ,   11.4%  ,   11.6%  , and   11.4%  , respectively, of the total portfolio. No other state comprised more than   10%   of the total portfolio.  
    
  Contractual Maturity of Debt Securities 
    
  Contractual maturities of the Company s debt securities available-for-sale at   March 31, 2015   are as follows: 

Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities when there is a right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
    
  Gross Unrealized Loss and Fair Value of Securities Available-for-Sale 
    
  The following tables present the aggregate amount of unrealized losses as of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014   on securities in the Company s available-for-sale investment portfolio classified according to the amount of time that those securities have been in a continuous loss position: 

18 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES (continued) 

Other-Than-Temporary Impairment ("OTTI") 
    
  Management evaluates all investment products in an unrealized loss position for OTTI on at least a quarterly basis. Individual securities are further assessed for OTTI as deemed necessary. An unrealized loss exists when the current fair value of an individual security is less than its amortized cost basis. The OTTI assessment is a subjective process requiring the use of judgments and assumptions. During the securities-level assessments, consideration is given to (1) the intent not to sell and probability that the Company will not be required to sell the security before recovery of its cost basis to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value, (2) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, as well as Company news and current events, and (3) the ability to collect the future expected cash flows. Key assumptions utilized to forecast expected cash flows may include loss severity, expected cumulative loss percentage, cumulative loss percentage to date, weighted average Fair Isaac Corporation credit scoring model ("FICO") scores and weighted average loan-to-value ("LTV") ratio, rating or scoring, credit ratings and market spreads, as applicable.  
    
  The Company assesses and recognizes OTTI in accordance with applicable accounting standards. Under these standards, if the Company determines that impairment on its debt securities exists and it has made the decision to sell the security or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis, it recognizes the entire portion of the unrealized loss in earnings. If the Company has not made a decision to sell the security and it does not expect that it will be required to sell the security prior to the recovery of the amortized cost basis but the Company has determined that OTTI exists, it recognizes the credit-related portion of the decline in value of the security in earnings. 
    
  The Company did not record any OTTI in earnings related to its investment securities in the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   or   March 31, 2014  . 
    
  Management has concluded that the remaining unrealized losses on its debt and equity securities for which it has not recognized OTTI (which was comprised of   211   individual securities at   March 31, 2015  ) are temporary in nature since (1) they are not related to the underlying credit quality of the issuers, (2) the entire contractual principal and interest due on these securities is currently expected to be recoverable, (3) the Company does not intend to sell these investments at a loss and (4) it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the investments before recovery of the amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. Accordingly, the Company has concluded that the impairment on these securities is not other-than-temporary.  
  
   19 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES (continued) 
    
  Gains (Losses) and Proceeds on Sales of Securities  
    
  Proceeds from sales of investment securities and the realized gross gains and losses from those sales are as follows: 

The Company uses the specific identification method to determine the cost of the securities sold and the gain or loss recognized.  
    
  The Company recognized   $9.6 million   and   $1.9 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   March 31, 2014   in gains on sale of investment securities as a result of overall balance sheet and interest rate risk management. The net gain realized for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   was primarily comprised of the sale of state and municipal securities with a book value of   $305.4 million   for a gain of   $9.2 million  . The net gain realized for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014   was primarily due to the sale of corporate debt securities with a book value of   $134.1 million   for a gain of   $1.9 million  . 
    
  Trading Securities 
    
  The Company did not hold trading securities at   March 31, 2015  , compared to   $833.9 million   held at   December 31, 2014  . Gains and losses on trading securities are recorded within Mortgage banking income, net, in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations as the Company utilized trading securities portfolio to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. The realized activity of trading gains and losses related to trading securities for the three-months ended March 31 are as follows: 

Three-Month Period Ended March 31,  

2015 
      
    2014 

(in thousands) 
      Net gains recognized during the period on trading securities 
    $ 
    6,391 

$ 

Less: Net gains recognized during the period on trading securities sold during the period 
    6,391 

Unrealized losses during the reporting period on trading securities still held at the reporting date 
    $ 

$ 

20 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT SECURITIES (continued) 
    
  Other Investments  
    
  Other investments primarily include the Company's investment in the stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") of Pittsburgh and the Federal Reserve Bank ("FRB") with aggregate carrying amounts of   $829.1 million   and   $817.0 million   as of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. The stocks do not have readily determinable fair values because their ownership is restricted and they lack a market. The stocks can be sold back only at their par value of   $100   per share and only to FHLBs or to another member institution. Accordingly, these stocks are carried at cost. During the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , the Company purchased   $149.3 million   of FHLB stock and   $3.7 million   of FRB stock at par and also redeemed   $140.9 million   of FHLB stock at par. There was no gain or loss associated with these sales. Other investment includes   $24.6 million   of Low Income Housing Tax Credit Investment ("LIHTC") as of   March 31, 2015  . Other investments at   March 31, 2014   also included an FHLB Certificate of Deposit ("CD") with a carrying amount of   $19.9 million   that matured in September 2014. 
    
  The Company evaluates these investments for impairment based on the ultimate recoverability of the par value, rather than by recognizing temporary declines in value.  

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) 
    
  Overall  
    
  The Company's loans are reported at their outstanding principal balances net of any unearned income, cumulative charge-offs, unamortized deferred fees and costs and unamortized premiums or discounts . The Company maintains an ACL to provide for losses inherent in its portfolios. Certain loans are pledged as collateral for borrowings, securitizations, or special purpose entities ("SPEs"). These loans totaled   $54.0 billion   at   March 31, 2015   and   $51.7 billion   at   December 31, 2014  .  
    
  The Company engages in direct and leveraged lease financing, which totaled   $1.2 billion   at   March 31, 2015   and   $1.2 billion   at   December 31, 2014  . Direct financing leases are recorded as the aggregate of minimum lease payments receivable plus the estimated residual value of the leased property, less unearned income. Leveraged leases, a form of direct financing leases, are recorded net of related non-recourse debt. Financing leases are included within commercial and industrial loans.  
    
  Loans that the Company has the intent to sell are classified as loans held-for-sale ("LHFS"). The LHFS portfolio balance at   March 31, 2015   was   $1.4 billion  , compared to   $260.3 million   at   December 31, 2014  . LHFS in the residential mortgage portfolio are reported at fair value. All other LHFS are accounted for at the lower of cost or fair value. For a discussion on the valuation of LHFS at fair value, see Note 16 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
  Interest income on loans is accrued based on the contractual interest rate and the principal amount outstanding, except for those loans classified as non-accrual. At   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , accrued interest receivable on the Company's loans was   $479.6 million   and   $492.7 million  , respectively.  

21 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Loan and Lease Portfolio Composition 
    
  The following table presents the composition of the gross loans held for investment by type of loan and by fixed and variable rates at the dates indicated: 

(1)  Total loans held for investment includes deferred loan fees, net of deferred origination costs and unamortized purchase premiums, net of discounts as well as purchase accounting adjustments. These items resulted in a net decrease in loan balances of   $1.2 billion   as of   March 31, 2015   and a net decrease in loan balances of   $1.5 billion   as of   December 31, 2014  , respectively.  
  (2)  Other commercial primarily includes commercial equipment vehicle funding ("CEVF") leveraged leases and loans. 
  (3)  Other consumer primarily includes recreational vehicles ("RV") and marine loans.  
    
  Portfolio segments and classes  
    
  GAAP requires that entities disclose information about the credit quality of their financing receivables at disaggregated levels, specifically defined as  portfolio segments  and  classes,  based on management s systematic methodology for determining the ACL. For this, compared to the financial statement categorization of loans, the Company utilizes an alternate categorization to model and calculate the ACL and track the credit quality, delinquency and impairment status of the underlying loan populations. In disaggregating its financing receivables portfolio, the Company s methodology begins with the commercial and consumer segments.  
    
  The commercial segmentation reflects line of business distinctions. The three commercial real estate lines of business distinctions include  Corporate banking,  which includes commercial and industrial owner-occupied real estate,  Middle market commercial real estate,  which represents the portfolio of specialized lending for investment real estate, including financing for continuing care retirement communities and  Santander real estate capital  ("SREC"), which is the commercial real estate portfolio of the specialized lending group. "Commercial and industrial" loans includes non-real estate-related commercial and industrial loans. "Multi-family" represents loans for multi-family residential housing units.  Other commercial  primarily represents the CEVF business. 

22 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  The following table reconciles the Company's recorded investment classified by its major loan classifications to its commercial loan classifications utilized in its determination of the allowance for loan losses and other credit quality disclosures at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively: 

(1) 
    These represent the Company's loan categories based on the SEC's Regulation S-X, Article 9.  
              (2) 
    These represent the Company's loan classes used to determine its allowance for loan and lease losses in accordance with ASC 310-10. 
     (3)    Commercial and industrial loans excluded   $44.3 million   and   $19.1 million   of LHFS at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. 
    
  The Company's portfolio segments are substantially the same as its financial statement categorization of loans for the consumer loan populations.  Residential mortgages  includes mortgages on residential property including single family and 1-4 family units. "Home equity loans and lines of credit  includes all organic home equity contracts and purchased home equity portfolios. "Retail installment contracts and auto loans" includes the Company's direct automobile loan portfolios, but excludes RV and marine retail installment contracts. "Personal unsecured loans" includes personal revolving loans and credit cards.  Other consumer  includes an acquired portfolio of marine and RV contracts as well as indirect auto loans. 
    
  In accordance with the Company's accounting policy when establishing the collective ACL for originated loans, the Company's estimate of losses on recorded investment includes the estimate of the related net discount balance that is expected at the time of charge-off, while it considers the entire discount for loan portfolios purchased at a discount as available to absorb the credit losses when determining the ACL specific to these portfolios. For these loans, the Company records provisions for credit losses when incurred losses exceed the unaccreted purchase discount. This accounting policy is not applicable for the purchased loan portfolios acquired with evidence of credit deterioration, on which we elected to apply the FVO.  

(1) 
    These represent the Company's loan categories based on the SEC's Regulation S-X, Article 9. 
              (2) 
    These represent the Company's loan classes used to determine its allowance for loan and lease losses in accordance with ASC 310-10. 

23 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  The RICs and auto loan portfolio is comprised of: (1) RICs originated by SC prior to the Change in Control, (2) RICs originated by SC after the Change in Control, and (3) auto loans originated by SBNA. The composition of the portfolio segment is as follows: 

(1) UPB does not include amounts related to the loan receivables - unsecured and loan receivables from dealers due to the short-term and revolving nature of these receivables.  
  (2) The Company elected to account for these loans, which were acquired with evidence of credit deterioration, under the FVO.  
  (3) Includes purchase marks of   $107.6 million   and   $130.2 million   as of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively, related to purchased loan portfolios on which we elected to apply the FVO.  
    
  ACL Rollforward by Portfolio Segment  
  The activity in the ACL by portfolio segment for the   three-month period   ended   March 31, 2015   and   2014   was as follows: 

(1)   
    Represents LHFS and those loans for which the Company has elected the FVO. 
              (2) 
    Consumer loans individually evaluated for impairment consists of loans in troubled debt restructuring ("TDR") status  
              (3) 
    The "Other" amount represents the impact on the allowance for loan and lease losses in connection with SCUSA classifying approximately   $1.0 billion   of RICs as held-for-sale during the quarter ended   March 31, 2015  . 
     
   24 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 

(1)   
    Represents LHFS and those loans for which the Company has elected the FVO 
              (2)   
    Consumer loans individually evaluated for impairment consists of loans in TDR status  
     The following table presents the activity in the Allowance for loan losses for the Retail Installment Contracts acquired ("Purchased") in the Change in Control and those originated by SC subsequent to the Change in Control.  

25 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Non-accrual loans by Class of Financing Receivable  
    
  The recorded investment in non-accrual loans disaggregated by class of financing receivables is summarized as follows: 

26 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Age Analysis of Past Due Loans 
    
  The age of recorded investments in past due loans and accruing loans greater than 90 days past due disaggregated by class of financing receivables is summarized as follows: 

(1) 
    Financing receivables include LHFS. 

27 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 

(1) 
    Financing receivables include LHFS. 
     
   28 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Impaired Loans by Class of Financing Receivable  
    
  Impaired loans are generally defined as all TDRs plus commercial non-accrual loans in excess of   $1.0 million  .  
    
  Impaired loans disaggregated by class of financing receivables are summarized as follows: 

(1) 
    Recorded investment includes deferred loan fees, net of deferred origination costs and unamortized purchase premiums, net of discounts as well as purchase accounting adjustments. 
       
  The Company recognized interest income of   $80.5 million   for the period ended   March 31, 2015   on approximately   $2.9 billion   of TDRs that were returned to performing status as of   March 31, 2015  . 
  
   29 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 

(1) 
    Recorded investment includes deferred loan fees, net of deferred origination costs and unamortized purchase premiums, net of discounts as well as purchase accounting adjustments. 
       
  The Company recognized interest income of   $115.5 million   for the year ended   December 31, 2014   on approximately   $2.0 billion   of TDRs that were returned to performing status as of   December 31, 2014  . 

30 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Commercial Lending Asset Quality Indicators 
    
  Commercial credit quality disaggregated by class of financing receivables is summarized according to standard regulatory classifications as follows: 
    
  PASS.   Asset is well-protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or guarantors, if any, or by the fair value less costs to acquire and sell any underlying collateral in a timely manner. 
    
  SPECIAL MENTION.   Asset has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention, which, if left uncorrected, may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for an asset at some future date. Special Mention assets are not adversely classified. 
    
  SUBSTANDARD.   Asset is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or by the collateral pledged, if any. A well-defined weakness or weaknesses exist that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. The loans are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if deficiencies are not corrected. 
    
  DOUBTFUL.   Exhibits the inherent weaknesses of a substandard credit. Additional characteristics exist that make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable and improbable, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values. Possibility of loss is extremely high, but because of certain important and reasonable specific pending factors which may work to the advantage and strengthening of the credit, an estimated loss cannot yet be determined. 
    
  LOSS.   Credit is considered uncollectible and of such little value that it does not warrant consideration as an active asset. There may be some recovery or salvage value, but there is doubt as to whether, how much or when the recovery would occur. 
    
  Commercial loan credit quality indicators by class of financing receivables are summarized as follows: 

(1) 
    Financing receivables include LHFS. 

(1) 
    Financing receivables include LHFS. 
     
   31 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Consumer Lending Asset Quality Indicators - Class of Financing Receivables  
    
  Consumer credit quality disaggregated by class of financing receivables is summarized as follows: 

(1) 
    Financing receivables include LHFS. 

(1) 
    Financing receivables include LHFS. 
       
  Consumer Lending Asset Quality Indicators-Credit Score  
    
  Consumer financing receivables for which credit score is a core component of the allowance model are summarized by credit score as follows: 

(1) 
    Consists primarily of loans serviced by third parties. Loans serviced by third parties do not receive refreshed FICO scores. Home equity loans and lines of credit "N/A" range includes the purchased home equity portfolio in run-off. 
              (2) 
    Credit scores updated quarterly. 
              (3) 
    Includes LHFS. 

32 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 

(1) 
    Consists primarily of loans serviced by third parties. Loans serviced by third parties do not receive refreshed FICO scores. Home equity loans and lines of credit "N/A" range includes the purchased home equity portfolio in run-off. 
              (2) 
    Credit scores updated quarterly. 
       
  Consumer Lending Asset Quality Indicators-Combined Loan-to-Value ("CLTV") Range  
    
  Residential mortgage and home equity financing receivables by CLTV range are summarized as follows: 

(1) 
    CLTV is inclusive of senior lien balances and updated as deemed necessary. CLTV ranges represent the unpaid principal balance. 
              (2) 
    Residential mortgage "N/A" range represents the unpaid principal balance on loans that are in process and loans which are serviced by others, for which a current CLTV is unavailable, plus deferred loan origination costs, net of deferred loan fees and unamortized purchase premiums, net of discounts as well as purchase accounting adjustments. 
              (3) 
    Home equity loans and lines of credit "N/A" range represents the unpaid principal balance on loans which are serviced by others, for which a current CLTV is unavailable, plus the purchased home equity portfolio in run-off. 
              (4) 
    Includes LHFS. 
     
   33 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  For both residential mortgage and home equity loans, loss severity assumptions are incorporated in the loan loss reserve models to estimate loan balances that will ultimately charge-off. These assumptions are based on recent loss experience within various current CLTV bands within these portfolios. CLTVs are refreshed quarterly by applying Federal Housing Finance Agency Home Price Index changes at a state-by-state level to the last known appraised value of the property to estimate the current CLTV. The Company's allowance for loan losses incorporates the refreshed CLTV information to update the distribution of defaulted loans by CLTV as well as the associated loss given default for each CLTV band. Reappraisals on a recurring basis at the individual property level are not considered cost-effective or necessary on a recurring basis; however, reappraisals are performed on certain higher risk accounts to support line management activities, default servicing decisions, or when other situations arise for which the Company believes the additional expense is warranted. 
    
  Troubled Debt Restructurings  
    
  The following table summarizes the Company s performing and non-performing TDRs at the dates indicated: 

Commercial Loan TDRs 
    
  All of the Company s commercial loan modifications are based on the circumstances of the individual customer, including specific customers' complete relationship with the Company. Loan terms are modified to meet each borrower s specific circumstances at a point in time. Modifications for commercial loan TDRs generally, although not always, result in bifurcation of the original loan into A and B notes. The A note is restructured to allow for upgraded risk rating and return to accrual status after a sustained period of payment performance has been achieved (typically six months for monthly payment schedules). The B note, if any, is structured as a deficiency note; the balance is charged off but the debt is usually not forgiven. As TDRs, they will be subject to analysis for specific reserves by either calculating the present value of expected future cash flows or, if collateral-dependent, calculating the fair value of the collateral less its estimated cost to sell. The TDR classification will remain on the loan until it is paid in full or liquidated. 
    
  Consumer Loan TDRs 
  The primary modification program for the Company s residential mortgage and home equity portfolios is a proprietary program designed to keep customers in their homes and, when appropriate, prevent them from entering into foreclosure. The program is available to all customers facing a financial hardship regardless of their delinquency status. The main goal of the modification program is to review the customer s entire financial condition to ensure that the proposed modified payment solution is affordable according to a specific debt-to-income ("DTI") ratio range. The main modification benefits of the program allow for term extensions, interest rate reductions, and/or deferment of principal. The Company reviews each customer on a case-by-case basis to determine which benefit or combination of benefits will be offered to achieve the target DTI range. 
  For the Company s other consumer portfolios, including retail installment contracts and auto loans, the terms of the modifications generally include one or a combination of the following: a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan at a rate of interest lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk or an extension of the maturity date. 
  Consumer TDRs are generally placed on non-accrual status until the Company believes repayment under the revised terms is reasonably assured and a sustained period of repayment performance has been achieved (typically six months for a monthly amortizing loan). Any loan that has remained current for the six months immediately prior to modification will remain on accrual status after the modification is enacted. Exceptions to this policy include retail installment contracts, which may begin accruing as soon as they are made current by the borrower. The TDR classification will remain on the loan until it is paid in full or liquidated. 
  
   34 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  In addition to those identified as TDRs above, the guidance also requires loans discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy to be considered TDRs and collateral-dependent, regardless of delinquency status. These loans must be written down to fair market value and classified as non-accrual/non-performing for the remaining life of the loan. 
    
  TDR Impact to Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The allowance for loan losses is established to recognize losses inherent in funded loans intended to be held for investment that are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Prior to loans being placed in TDR, the Company generally measures its allowance under a loss contingency methodology in which consumer loans with similar risk characteristics are pooled and loss experience information is monitored for credit risk and deterioration with statistical tools considering factors such as delinquency, LTV and credit scores. 
    
  Upon TDR modification, the Company generally measures impairment based on a present value of expected future cash flows methodology considering all available evidence using the effective interest rate or fair value of collateral. The amount of the required valuation allowance is equal to the difference between the loan s impaired value and the recorded investment. 
    
  When a consumer TDR subsequently defaults, the Company generally measures impairment based on the fair value of the collateral, if applicable, less its estimated cost to sell. 
    
  Typically, commercial loans whose terms are modified in a TDR will have been identified as impaired prior to modification and accounted for generally using a present value of expected future cash flows methodology, unless the loan is considered collateral-dependent. Loans considered collateral-dependent are measured for impairment based on their fair values of collateral less its estimated cost to sell. Accordingly, upon TDR modification or if a TDR modification subsequently defaults, the allowance methodology remains unchanged.   
  
   35 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Financial Impact and TDRs by Concession Type 
  The following tables detail the activity of TDRs for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   and   March 31, 2014  , respectively: 

(1) 
    Pre-modification outstanding recorded investment amount is the month-end balance prior to the month the modification occurred. 
              (2) 
    Post-modification outstanding recorded investment amount is the month-end balance for the month that the modification occurred. 
              (3) 
    The post-modification outstanding recorded investment amounts for residential mortgages exclude interest reserves.  
     
   36 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 5. LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES (As Restated) (continued) 

(1) 
    Pre-modification outstanding recorded investment amount is the month-end balance prior to the month the modification occurred.  
              (2) 
    Post-modification outstanding recorded investment amount is the month-end balance for the month that the modification occurred. 
              (3) 
    The post-modification outstanding recorded investment amounts for residential mortgages exclude interest reserves.  
       
  TDRs Which Have Subsequently Defaulted 
    
  A TDR is generally considered to have subsequently defaulted if after modification the loan becomes   90 days   past due. For retail installment contracts, a TDR is considered to have subsequently defaulted after modification at the earlier of the date of repossession or   120 days   past due. The following table details TDRs that became TDRs during the past twelve-month period and have subsequently defaulted during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   and   March 31, 2014  , respectively. 

37 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 6. LEASED VEHICLES, NET (As Restated) 
    
  The Company has operating leases which are included in the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets as leased vehicles, net. The leased vehicle portfolio consists primarily of leases originated under a ten-year private label financing agreement signed by SCUSA with the Chrysler Group to be a preferred lender (the "Chrysler Agreement"). 
    
  Leased vehicles, net consisted of the following as of   March 31, 2015  : 

On March 31, 2015, the company executed a bulk sale of Chrysler Capital leases with a depreciated net capitalized cost of   $561.3 million   and a net book value of   $488.9 million   to a U.S. subsidiary of a large international bank. This sale was affected through the transfer of a Special unit of beneficial interest ("SUBI") in SCUSA's titling trust. SCUSA retained servicing on the sold leases. 
    
  The following summarizes the future minimum rental payments due to the Company as lessor under operating leases as of   March 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

Lease income and expense for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   were   $313.3 million   and   $240.9 million  , respectively,  

NOTE 7. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (As Restated) 
    
  The Company, through SCUSA, transfers retail installment contracts into newly-formed Trusts that then issue one or more classes of notes payable backed by collateral. The Company s continuing involvement with the Trusts is in the form of servicing assets held by the Trusts and, except for the Chrysler Capital securitizations, through holding residual interests in the Trusts. These transactions are structured without recourse. The Trusts are considered VIEs under GAAP and, except for the securitizations associated with Chrysler Capital, are consolidated because the Company has: (a) power over the significant activities of the entity as servicer of its financial assets and (b) residual interest and in some cases of debt securities held by the Company, an obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE which are potentially significant to the VIE. The Company did not retain any debt or equity interests in the Chrysler Capital securitizations, and recorded these transactions as sales of the associated retail installment contracts. 
  
   38 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 7. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  The collateral, borrowings under credit facilities and securitization notes payable of the consolidated Trusts remain on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recognizes finance charges and fee income on the retail installment contracts and leased vehicles and interest expense on the debt, and records a provision for loan losses to cover probable inherent losses on the contracts. All of the Trusts are separate legal entities and the collateral and other assets held by these subsidiaries are legally owned by them and not available to other creditors. 
    
  On-balance sheet variable interest entities 
    
  The assets of consolidated VIEs that are included in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, presented based upon the legal transfer of the underlying assets in order to reflect legal ownership, that can be used only to settle obligations of the consolidated VIE and the liabilities of these entities for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to our general credit were as follows: 

(1) includes   $1.1 billion   and   $18.7 million   of loans held for sale as of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively. 
    
  The Company retains servicing responsibility for receivables transferred to the Trusts and receives a monthly servicing fee on the outstanding principal balance. Supplemental fees, such as late charges, for servicing the receivables are reflected in fees, commissions and other income. As of   March 31, 2015   and December 31, 2014, the Company was servicing   $24.9 billion   and   $23.2 billion  , respectively, of retail installment contracts that have been transferred to consolidated Trusts. The remainder of the Company s retail installment contracts are either pledged in private issuances or warehouse facilities or un-pledged. 
    
  Below is a summary of the cash flows received from the Trusts for the period indicated: 

39 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 7. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Off-balance sheet variable interest entities 
    
  The Company executed   no   off-balance sheet securitizations during the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015  .  
    
  The Company has completed sales to VIEs that met sale accounting treatment in accordance with the applicable guidance. Due to the nature, purpose, and activity of the transactions, the Company determined for consolidation purposes that it either does not hold potentially significant variable interests or is not the primary beneficiary as a result of the Company's limited further involvement with the financial assets. For such transactions, the transferred financial assets are removed from the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets. In certain situations, the Company remains the servicer of the financial assets and receives servicing fees that represent adequate compensation. The Company also recognizes a gain or loss for the difference between the cash proceeds and carrying value of the assets sold. For the period from January 28, 2014 to   March 31, 2014  , the Company sold   $774.2 million   of gross retail installment contracts in off-balance sheet securitizations, for a gain of approximately   $32.5 million  .  
    
  As of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the Company was servicing   $1.9 billion   and   $2.2 billion  , respectively, of gross retail installment contracts that have been sold in these off-balance sheet Chrysler Capital securitizations. Other than repurchases of sold assets due to standard representations and warranties, the Company has no exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with these VIEs. 
    
  A summary of the cash flows received from the off-balance Trusts for the periods indicated are as follows: 

NOTE 8. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES (As Restated) 
    
  Goodwill 
    
  The following table presents activity in the Company's goodwill by its reporting units for the quarter ended March 31, 2015: 

40 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 8. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. The fair value of the Company's reporting units is determined by using discounted cash flow ("DCF") and market comparability methodologies. Goodwill is assigned to reporting units, which are operating segments or one level below an operating segment, as of the acquisition date.  
    
  The goodwill for the SCUSA reporting unit, as restated at   December 31, 2014  , reflects an increase of   $59.5 million   from the restatement as a result of the increased value of the SCUSA business at acquisition.  
    
  In connection with these and other organizational changes discussed in Note 17, the Company engaged a valuation consultant to assist with the re-allocation of goodwill across its reporting units based on the fair value of the lines of business affected by the re-organization. The Company s accounting policy provides that changes in segment reporting are point in time reporting events, which would only require (where practicable) a retrospective change in the segments  financial information. Accordingly, this change does not impact the disclosure of the Company's goodwill by reportable segment within its consolidated financial statements for periods prior to the segment changes. 
    
  Other Intangible Assets 
  The following table details amounts related to the Company's finite-lived and indefinite-lived intangible assets for the dates indicated.  

Amortization expense on intangible assets for the three months ended   March 31, 2015   was   $16.8 million  , compared to   $12.0 million   for the corresponding period in   2014  . 
    
  During the fourth quarter of 2014, the Company's intangible impairment analysis concluded that the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived trade name was lower than its carrying value. As a result, the Company recorded an impairment charge of   $28.5 million  .  
  
   41 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 8. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  The estimated aggregate amortization expense related to intangibles for each of the five succeeding calendar years ending December 31 is: 

NOTE 9. OTHER ASSETS (As Restated) 
    
  The following is a detail of items that comprise other assets at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  : 

(1)  Other repossessed assets primarily consists of assets obtained through repossession or lease termination.  
    
  Refer to Note 11 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further details about derivative assets.  
    
  Other repossessed assets primarily consists of SCUSA's vehicle inventory which includes vehicles obtained either through repossession or lease termination. OREO consists primarily of the Bank's foreclosed properties.  
    
  Miscellaneous assets and receivables includes, but is not limited to, subvention receivables in connection with the Chrysler Agreement, investment and capital market receivables, and unapplied payments.  
    
  Mortgage Servicing Rights 
    
  The Company maintains an MSR asset for sold residential real estate loans serviced for others. At   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the balance of these loans serviced for others was   $15.6 billion   and   $15.9 billion  , respectively. The Company accounts for residential MSRs using the FVO. Changes in fair value are recorded through the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of the MSRs at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014   was   $135.5 million   and   $145.0 million  , respectively. See further discussion on the valuation of the MSRs in Note 16. As deemed appropriate, the Company economically hedges MSRs using interest rate swaps, forward contracts to purchase mortgage-backed securities ("MBS"), and investment trading securities. See further discussion on these derivative activities in Note 11 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

42 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 9. OTHER ASSETS (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  For the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , the Company recorded net changes in the fair value of MSRs totaling   $(7.0) million  , compared to   $(4.5) million   for the corresponding period of   2014  . The MSR asset fair value decrease during the first quarter of 2015 was primarily the result of decreased interest rates. 
    
  The following table presents a summary of activity included in Mortgage Banking Income, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Company s residential MSRs. 

Multi-family     
    
  Historically, the Company originated and sold multi-family loans in the secondary market to FNMA while retaining servicing. The Company has not sold multi-family loans to FNMA since 2009. At   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the Company serviced   $2.4 billion   and   $2.6 billion  , respectively, of loans for FNMA. The servicing asset related to these portfolios was previously fully amortized.  
    
  Fee income and gain/loss on sale of mortgage loans    
    
  Included in Mortgage banking revenue on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations was mortgage servicing fee income of   $11.2 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $10.8 million   for the corresponding period ended   March 31, 2014  . The Company had gains on the sale of mortgage loans of   $6.2 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   compared to gains of   $3.2 million   for the corresponding period ended   March 31, 2014  . 

NOTE 10. BORROWINGS 
    
  Total borrowings and other debt obligations at   March 31, 2015   were   $42.8 billion  , compared to   $39.7 billion   at   December 31, 2014  . The Company's debt agreements impose certain limitations on dividends and other payments and transactions. The Company is currently in compliance with these limitations.  
    
  Periodically, as part of the Company's wholesale funding management, it opportunistically repurchases outstanding borrowings in the open market and subsequently retires the obligations. The Company did not repurchase any outstanding borrowings during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  . During the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014  , the Company repurchased   $0.6 million   of outstanding borrowings in the open market. 
    
  On January 12, 2015, the Bank completed the offer and sale of   $750.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of its   2.00%   Senior Notes due 2018 and   $250.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of its Senior Floating Rate Notes due 2018.  
    
  On April 17, 2015, the Company completed the public offer and sale of   $1.0 billion   aggregate principal amount of   2.650%   Senior Notes due 2020.  

43 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 10. BORROWINGS (continued) 
    
  The following table presents information regarding the holding company's borrowings and other debt obligations at the dates indicated: 

(1) The balances disclosed above reflect the Company's adoption of ASU 2015-03 which requires debt issuance costs be presented as a deduction from the recognized debt liability. 
    
  The following table presents information regarding the Bank's borrowings and other debt obligations at the dates indicated:  

(1) These notes will bear interest at a rate equal to Three-Month London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") plus   93 basis points   per annum. 
  (2) In February 2014, the Company restructured   $1.7 billion   of FHLB advances and extended their maturities by   two years  . The average rate of these borrowings decreased from   5.39%   to   3.43%   as a result of the restructuring. In September 2014, the Bank terminated   $100.0 million   of FHLB callable advances. As a consequence, the Company incurred costs of   $8.3 million   through the loss on debt extinguishment. In October 2014, the Bank terminated   $600.0 million   of FHLB callable advances. As a consequence, the Company incurred costs of   $90.6 million   through loss on debt extinguishment. In December 2014, the Bank terminated   $200.0 million   of FHLB callable advances. As a consequence, the Company incurred costs of   $13.7 million   through loss on debt extinguishment. 
  (3) Real estate investment trust ("REIT") 
  (4) The balances disclosed above reflect the Company's adoption of ASU 2015-03 which requires debt issuance costs be presented as a deduction from the recognized debt liability. 

44 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 10. BORROWINGS (continued) 
    
  The following tables present information regarding SCUSA's borrowings and other debt obligations: 
    
  Revolving Credit Facilities 
    
  The following tables present information regarding SCUSA's credit facilities as of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  : 

(1) Half of the outstanding balance on this facility matures in April 2015 and half in March 2016. On April 20, 2015, this facility was extended so that half matures in March 2016 and half matures in March 2017. 
  (2) This line is collateralized by securitization notes payable retained by SCUSA. 
  (3) This line is held exclusively for personal term loans. 
  (4) This line is held exclusively for Chrysler Capital retail loan and lease financing. 
  (5) This line is collateralized by residuals retained by SCUSA. 
  (6) The repurchase facility is collateralized by securitization notes payable retained by SCUSA. No portion of this facility is unsecured. This facility has rolling   30  -day and   90  -day maturities. 
  (7) These lines are also collateralized by securitization notes payable and residuals retained by SCUSA. As of   March 31, 2015  ,   $2.7 billion   of the aggregate outstanding balances on these credit facilities was unsecured. 

45 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 10. BORROWINGS (continued) 

(1) Half of the outstanding balance on this facility matures in March 2015 and half in March 2016. 
  (2) This line is collateralized by securitization notes payable retained by SCUSA. 
  (3) This line is held exclusively for personal consumer term loans. 
  (4) This line is held exclusively for Chrysler Capital retail loan and lease financing. 
  (5) This line is collateralized by residuals retained by SCUSA. 
  (6) The repurchase facility is collateralized by securitization notes payable retained by SCUSA. No portion of this facility is unsecured. This facility has rolling   30  -day and   90  -day maturities. 
  (7) These lines are also collateralized by securitization notes payable and residuals retained by SCUSA. As of   December 31, 2014  ,   $2.2 billion   of the aggregate outstanding balances on these credit facilities was unsecured. 

46 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 10. BORROWINGS (continued) 
    
  Secured Structured Financings 
    
  The following tables present information regarding SCUSA's secured structured financings as of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  : 

(1) SCUSA has entered into various securitization transactions involving its retail automotive installment loans and leases. These transactions are accounted for as secured financings and therefore both the securitized retail installment contracts and the related securitization debt issued by SPEs, remain on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The maturity of this debt is based on the timing of repayments from the securitized assets. 
  (2) The balances disclosed above reflect the Company's adoption of ASU 2015-03 which requires debt issuance costs be presented as a deduction from the recognized debt liability. 
    
  Most of the Company's secured structured financings are in the form of public, SEC-registered securitizations. The Company also executes private securitizations under Rule 144A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and periodically issues private term amortizing notes, which are structured similarly to securitizations but are acquired by banks and conduits. The Company's securitizations and private issuances generally are collateralized by vehicle retail installment contracts and loans; however, private issuances also may be collateralized by vehicle leases. 

47 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 11. DERIVATIVES (As Restated) 
    
  General    
    
  The Company uses derivative financial instruments primarily to help manage exposure to interest rate, foreign exchange, equity and credit risk, as well as to reduce the effects that changes in interest rates may have on net income, the fair value of assets and liabilities, and cash flows. The Company also enters into derivatives with customers to facilitate their risk management activities. The Company uses derivative financial instruments as risk management tools and not for speculative trading purposes. The fair value of all derivative balances is recorded within Other assets and Other liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
    
  See Note 16 for discussion of the valuation methodology for derivative instruments.  
    
  Derivatives represent contracts between parties that usually require little or no initial net investment and result in one party delivering cash or another type of asset to the other party based on a notional amount and an underlying as specified in the contract. Derivative transactions are often measured in terms of notional amount, but this amount is generally not exchanged and is not recorded on the balance sheet. The notional amount is the basis to which the underlying is applied to determine required payments under the derivative contract. The underlying is a referenced interest rate (commonly Overnight Indexed Swap ("OIS") or LIBOR), security price, credit spread or other index. Derivative balances are presented on a gross basis taking into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements.  
    
  Through the Company s capital markets and mortgage banking activities, it is subject to price risk. The Company employs various tools to measure and manage price risk in its portfolios. In addition, the Board of Directors has established certain limits relative to positions and activities. The level of price risk exposure at any given time depends on the market environment and expectations of future price and market movements and will vary from period to period.  
    
  To qualify for hedge accounting, the Company was required to designate SCUSA s derivatives as accounting hedges on or after the Change in Control date. The Company has designated certain of SCUSA s derivatives as accounting hedges beginning April 1, 2014. 
    
  Credit Risk Contingent Features 
    
  The Company has entered into certain derivative contracts that require the posting of collateral to counterparties when these contracts are in a net liability position. The amount of collateral to be posted is based on the amount of the net liability and thresholds generally related to the Company's long-term senior unsecured credit ratings. In a limited number of instances, counterparties also have the right to terminate their International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") master agreements if the Company's ratings fall below investment grade. As of   March 31, 2015  , derivatives in this category had a fair value of   $23.3 million  . The credit ratings of the Bank and SHUSA are currently considered investment grade. The Bank estimates a further   1  - or   2  - notch downgrade by either Standard   Poor's (S P) or Moody's would require the Bank to post up to an additional   $3.6 million   or   $5.6 million   of collateral, respectively, to comply with existing derivative agreements.  
    
  As of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the aggregate fair value of all derivative contracts with credit risk contingent features (i.e., those containing collateral posting or termination provisions based on our ratings) that were in a net liability position totalled   $157.3 million   and   $133.2 million  , respectively. The Company had   $145.1 million   and   $127.6 million   in cash and securities collateral posted to cover those positions as of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. 
  
   48 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 11. DERIVATIVES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Fair Value Hedges 
    
  The Company enters into cross-currency swaps to hedge its foreign currency exchange risk on certain Euro-denominated investments. The Company also entered into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate risk on certain fixed rate investments. These derivatives are designated as fair value hedges at inception. The Company includes all components of each derivative's gain or loss in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The earnings impact of the ineffective portion of these hedges was not material for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   or   March 31, 2014  . The last of the hedges is scheduled to expire in   March 2020  . 
    
  Cash Flow Hedges    
    
  Management uses derivative instruments, which are designated as hedges, to mitigate the impact of interest rate movements on the fair value of certain liabilities, assets and on highly probable forecasted cash flows. These instruments primarily include interest rate swaps that have underlying interest rates based on key benchmark indices and forward sale or purchase commitments. The nature and volume of the derivative instruments used to manage interest rate risk depend on the level and type of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and the risk management strategies for the current and anticipated interest rate environment. 
    
  Interest rate swaps are generally used to convert fixed-rate assets and liabilities to variable rate assets and liabilities and vice versa. The Company utilizes interest rate swaps that have a high degree of correlation to the related financial instrument. 
    
  The last of the hedges is scheduled to expire in   December 2030  . The Company includes all components of each derivative's gain or loss in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The earnings impact of the ineffective portion of these hedges was not material for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   or   March 31, 2014  . As of   March 31, 2015  , the Company expects approximately   $5.8 million   of gross losses recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to be reclassified to earnings during the subsequent twelve months as the future cash flows occur.  
  
   49 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 11. DERIVATIVES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Derivatives Designated in Hedge Relationships   Notional and Fair Values  
    
  Derivatives designated as accounting hedges at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014   included: 

See Note 13 for detail of the amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives activity. 
    
  Other Derivative Activities    
    
  The Company also enters into derivatives that are not designated as accounting hedges under GAAP. The majority of these derivatives are customer-related derivatives relating to foreign exchange and lending arrangements. In addition, derivatives are used to manage risks related to residential and commercial mortgage banking and investing activities. Although these derivatives are used to hedge risk and are considered economic hedges, they are not designated as accounting hedges because the contracts they are hedging are typically also carried at fair value on the balance sheet, resulting in generally symmetrical accounting treatment for both the hedging instrument and the hedged item. 
    
  Mortgage Banking Derivatives  
    
  The Company's derivatives portfolio includes mortgage banking interest rate lock commitments, forward sale commitments and interest rate swaps. As part of its overall business strategy, the Bank originates fixed-rate residential mortgages. It sells a portion of this production to the FHLMC, FNMA, and private investors. The Company uses forward sales as a means of hedging against the economic impact of changes in interest rates on the mortgages that are originated for sale and on interest rate lock commitments. 
    
  The Company typically retains the servicing rights related to residential mortgage loans that are sold. Residential MSRs are accounted for at fair value. As deemed appropriate, the Company economically hedges MSRs using interest rate swaps and forward contracts to purchase MBS. 
  
   50 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 11. DERIVATIVES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Customer-related derivatives  
    
  The Company offers derivatives to its customers in connection with their risk management needs. These financial derivative transactions primarily consist of interest rate swaps, caps, floors and foreign exchange contracts. Risk exposure from customer positions is managed through transactions with other dealers, including Santander. 
    
  Other derivative activities  
    
  The Company uses foreign exchange contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk associated with certain foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. Foreign exchange contracts, which include spot and forward contracts as well as cross currency swaps, represent agreements to exchange the currency of one country for the currency of another country at an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon settlement date. Exposure to gains and losses on these contracts will increase or decrease over their respective lives as currency exchange and interest rates fluctuate. 
    
  In March 2014, SCUSA entered into a financing arrangement with a third party under which SCUSA pledged certain bonds retained in its own securitizations in exchange for approximately   $251 million   in cash. In conjunction with this financing arrangement, SCUSA entered into a total return swap related to the bonds as an effective avenue to monetize SCUSA s retained bonds as a source of financing. SCUSA will receive a fixed return on the bonds in exchange for paying a variable rate of three-month LIBOR plus   75 basis points  . In addition, SCUSA will receive a payment from, or make a payment to, the counterparty at maturity based on the change in fair value of the bonds during the facility's   one  -year term. Throughout the facility's term, the party in a net liability position must post collateral. SCUSA has the ability to substitute collateral and may do so if a bond is set to begin amortizing. Alternatively, the amortization may be utilized to reduce the notional amount of the facility. 
    
  Other derivative instruments primarily include forward contracts related to certain investment securities sales, an OIS, a total return swap on Visa, Inc. Class B common shares, and equity options, which manage our market risk associated with certain investments and customer deposit products.  
  
   51 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 11. DERIVATIVES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Derivatives Not Designated in Hedge Relationships   Notional and Fair Values  
    
  Other derivative activities at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014   included: 

SCUSA is the holder of a warrant that gives it the right, if certain vesting conditions are satisfied, to purchase additional shares in a company in which it has a cost method investment. This warrant was issued in 2012 and is carried at its estimated fair value of   zero   at   March 31, 2015  . 

52 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 11. DERIVATIVES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Gains (Losses) on All Derivatives 
    
  The following Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations line items were impacted by the Company s derivative activities for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   and   2014  , respectively: 

(1)  Gains are disclosed as positive numbers while losses are shown as a negative number regardless of the line item being affected. 
    
  Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
    
  The Company enters into legally enforceable master netting agreements, which reduce risk by permitting netting of transactions with the same counterparty on the occurrence of certain events. A master netting agreement allows two counterparties the ability to net-settle amounts under all contracts, including any related collateral posted, through a single payment and in a single currency. The right to offset and certain terms regarding the collateral process, such as valuation, credit events and settlement, are contained in the ISDA master agreement. The Company's financial instruments, including resell and repurchase agreements, securities lending arrangements, derivatives and cash collateral, may be eligible for offset on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
  
   53 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 11. DERIVATIVES (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Information about financial assets and liabilities that are eligible for offset on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively, is presented in the following tables: 

(1) 
    Includes customer-related and other derivatives 
              (2) 
    Includes mortgage banking derivatives 
     
   54 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 11. DERIVATIVES (As Restated) (continued) 

(1) 
    Includes customer-related and other derivatives 
              (2) 
    Includes mortgage banking derivatives 

55 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 12. INCOME TAXES (As Restated) 
    
  An income tax provision of   $36.9 million   was recorded for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $1.1 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  . This resulted in an effective tax rate of   22.5%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   36.0%   for the corresponding period in   2014  . The lower tax rate for the three-month period in 2015 was primarily due to the deferred tax expense recorded on the book gain resulting from the Change in Control recognized during the first quarter of 2014. 
    
  The Company is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities and certain foreign countries. These tax laws are complex and are potentially subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, the Company must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. 
    
  Actual income taxes paid may vary from estimates depending upon changes in income tax laws, actual results of operations, and the final audit of tax returns by taxing authorities. Tax assessments may arise several years after tax returns have been filed. The Company reviews the tax balances quarterly and, as new information becomes available, the balances are adjusted as appropriate. The Company is subject to ongoing tax examinations and assessments in various jurisdictions.  
    
  The Company has a lawsuit pending against the United States in Federal District Court in Massachusetts relating to the proper tax consequences of   two   financing transactions with an international bank through which the Company borrowed   $1.2 billion  . As a result of these financing transactions, the Company paid foreign taxes of   $264.0 million   during the years 2003 through 2007 and claimed a corresponding foreign tax credit for foreign taxes paid during those years, which the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") disallowed. The IRS also disallowed the Company's deductions for interest expense and transaction costs, totaling   $74.6 million   in tax liability, and assessed penalties and interest totaling approximately   $92.5 million  . The Company has paid the taxes, penalties and interest associated with the IRS adjustments for all tax years, and the lawsuit will determine whether the Bank is entitled to a refund of the amounts paid. The Company has recorded a receivable in the Other assets line of Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets for the amount of these payments, less a tax reserve of   $125.9 million  , as of   March 31, 2015  .  
    
  On October 17, 2013, the Court issued a written opinion in favor of the Company relating to a motion for partial summary judgment on a significant issue in the case. The Company subsequently filed a motion for summary judgment requesting the Court to conclude the case in its entirety and enter a final judgment awarding the Company a refund of all amounts paid. In response, the IRS filed a motion opposing the Company's motion, and filed a cross-motion for summary judgment requesting that the Court enter a final judgment in the IRS's favor. The Company anticipates the Court will make a determination as to whether further proceedings are required at the District Court level to resolve any remaining legal or factual issues, which could affect the Company's entitlement to some or all of the refund. The Company expects the IRS to appeal any decision in favor of the Company. In 2013, two different federal courts decided cases involving similar financing structures entered into by the Bank of New York Mellon Corp. and BB T Corp. (referred to as the Salem Financial Case) in favor of the IRS. Bank of New York Mellon Corp. and BB T Corp. have filed notices of appeal in their respective cases. The Company remains confident in its position and believes its reserve amount adequately provides for potential exposure to the IRS related to these items. As this litigation progresses over the next 24 months, it is reasonably possible that changes in the reserve for uncertain tax positions could range from a decrease of   $125.9 million   to an increase of   $294.0 million  . 
    
  The IRS concluded the exam of the Company s 2006 and 2007 tax returns in 2011. In addition to the adjustments for items related to the financing transactions discussed above, the IRS proposed to recharacterize ordinary losses related to the sale of certain assets as capital losses. The Company paid the tax assessment resulting from this recharacterization, and contested the adjustment through the administrative appeals process. IRS administrative appeals determined that the Company properly characterized the loss as an ordinary loss. As of March 2015, the Company learned that the Joint Committee on Taxation completed its review of the ordinary tax treatment of the losses. While the parties have not yet executed the formal agreement memorializing the IRS's concession to treat these losses as ordinary losses, the Company understands that the IRS will issue a refund for all taxes paid associated with this issue (for which a benefit has already been recognized), and that the Company is not subject to any further exposure. 
    
  With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to federal, state and non-US income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2003. 
  
   56 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 13. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME / (LOSS) 
  The following table presents the components of accumulated other comprehensive income/ (loss), net of related tax, for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   and   2014  , respectively.  

(1) Net losses reclassified into Interest on borrowings and other debt obligations in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for settlements of interest rate swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges.  
  (2) Net gains reclassified into Net gain on sale of investment securities sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the sale of available-for-sale securities.  
  (3) Included in the computation of net periodic pension costs.  
  
   57 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 13. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME / (LOSS) (continued) 

(1) Net losses reclassified into Interest on borrowings and other debt obligations in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for settlements of interest rate swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges.  
  (2) Net gains reclassified into Net gain on sale of investment securities sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the sale of available-for-sale securities.  
  (3) Included in the computation of net periodic pension costs.                                          

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, AND GUARANTEES 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Risk - Financial Instruments   
    
  In the normal course of business, the Company utilizes a variety of financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk to meet the financing needs of its customers and manage its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, letters of credit, loans sold with recourse, forward contracts, and interest rate and cross currency swaps, caps and floors. These financial instruments may involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, liquidity, and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The contractual or notional amounts of these financial instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in particular classes of financial instruments.  
    
  The Company s exposure to credit loss in the event of non-performance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit, letters of credit and loans sold with recourse is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance sheet instruments. For forward contracts and interest rate swaps, caps and floors, the contract or notional amounts do not represent exposure to credit loss. The Company controls the credit risk of its forward contracts and interest rate swaps, caps and floors through credit approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. See Note 11 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of all derivative contract commitments.  
  
   58 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, AND GUARANTEES (continued) 
    
  The following table details the amount of commitments at the dates indicated:  

Commitments to Extend Credit  
    
  Commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable rate, and contain clauses that permit the Company to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer s credit quality. These arrangements normally require payment of a fee by the customer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. Since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements.  
    
  The following table details the amount of commitments to extend credit expiring per period as of the dates indicated: 

Unsecured Revolving Lines of Credit  
    
  Such commitments arise primarily from agreements with customers for unused lines of credit on unsecured revolving accounts and credit cards, provided there is no violation of conditions in the underlying agreement. These commitments, substantially all of which the Company can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage, customer creditworthiness and loan qualifications. 
    
  Letters of Credit 
    
  The Company s letters of credit meet the definition of a guarantee. Letters of credit commit the Company to make payments on behalf of its customers if specified future events occur. The guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. The weighted average term of these commitments is 15.6 months. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. In the event of a draw by the beneficiary that complies with the terms of the letters of credit, the Company would be required to honor the commitment. The Company has various forms of collateral for these letters of credit, including real estate assets and other customer business assets. The maximum undiscounted exposure related to these commitments at   March 31, 2015   was   $1.8 billion  . The fees related to letters of credit are deferred and amortized over the lives of the commitments and were immaterial to the Company s financial statements at   March 31, 2015  . Management believes that the utilization rate of these letters of credit will continue to be substantially less than the amount of the commitments, as has been the Company s experience to date. As of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the liability related to these letters of credit was   $47.4 million   and   $73.9 million  , respectively, which is recorded within the reserve for unfunded lending commitments in Other liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The credit risk associated with letters of credit is monitored using the same risk rating system utilized within the loan and financing lease portfolio. Also included within the reserve for unfunded lending commitments at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014   were lines of credit outstanding of   $80.3 million   and   $58.8 million  , respectively.  
  
   59 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, AND GUARANTEES (continued) 
    
  The following table details the amount of letters of credit expiring per period as of the dates indicated:  

Loans Sold with Recourse 
    
  The Company has loans sold with recourse that meet the definition of a guarantee. For loans sold with recourse under the terms of its multi-family sales program with FNMA, the Company retained a portion of the associated credit risk. The unpaid principal balance outstanding of loans sold in these programs was   $2.4 billion   as of   March 31, 2015   and   $2.6 billion   as of   December 31, 2014  . As a result of its agreement with FNMA, the Company retained a   100%   first loss position on each multi-family loan sold to FNMA until the earlier to occur of (i) the aggregate approved losses on multi-family loans sold to FNMA reaching the maximum loss exposure for the portfolio as a whole of   $152.8 million   as of   March 31, 2015   and   $152.8 million   as of   December 31, 2014  , or (ii) all of the loans sold to FNMA under this program are being fully paid off. Any losses sustained as a result of impediments in standard representations and warranties would be in addition to the maximum loss exposure. 
    
  The Company has established a liability which represents the fair value of the retained credit exposure and the amount the Company estimates it would have to pay a third party to assume the retained recourse obligation. The estimated liability is calculated as the present value of losses that the portfolio is projected to incur based upon internal specific information and an industry-based default curve with a range of estimated losses. At   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the Company had   $35.8 million   and   $40.7 million  , respectively, of reserves classified in accrued expenses and payables on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets related to the fair value of the retained credit exposure for loans sold to FNMA under this program. The Company's commitment will expire in March 2039 based on the maturity of the loans sold with recourse. Losses sustained by the Company may be offset, or partially offset, by proceeds resulting from the disposition of the underlying mortgaged properties. Approval from FNMA is required for all transactions related to the liquidation of properties underlying the mortgages. 
    
  Additionally, during the period from   1999 to 2002  , residential mortgage loans were sold with recourse and credit enhancement features to FNMA and FHLMC. The remaining unpaid principal balance of these loans was   $53.9 million   and   $55.8 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively, and the remaining maximum amount of credit exposure on these loans was   $21.4 million   and   $22.1 million   for the same periods. The Company has posted collateral in the amount of   $0.9 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014   to be utilized for any losses incurred related to these loans.  
    
  Commitments to Sell Loans 
    
  The Company enters into forward contracts relating to its mortgage banking business to hedge the exposures from commitments to make new residential mortgage loans with existing customers and from mortgage loans classified as LHFS. These contracts mature in less than   one year  . 

60 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, AND GUARANTEES (continued) 
    
  Representation and Warranty Liability 
    
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company sells residential loans on a non-recourse basis to certain government-sponsored entities ("GSEs") and private investors. In connection with these sales, the Company has entered into agreements containing various representations and warranties about, among other things, the ownership of the loans, the validity of the liens securing the loans, the loans' compliance with any applicable loan criteria established by the GSEs and the private investors, including underwriting standards and the ongoing existence of mortgage insurance, the absence of delinquent taxes or liens against the property securing the loans and the loans' compliance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Breaches of these representations and warranties may require the Company to repurchase the mortgage loan or, if the loan has been foreclosed, the underlying collateral, or otherwise make whole or provide other remedies to the GSEs and the private investors. The repurchase liability is recorded within Accrued expenses and payables on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the related income statement activity is recorded in Mortgage banking revenue on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. In   May 2014  , the Company reached a settlement with FNMA for loans previously sold, resulting in an   $8.0 million   reduction in the representation and warranty liability. In   December 2014  , the Company reached a settlement with FHLMC for loans previously sold, resulting in a   $24.8 million   reduction in the presentation and warranty liability.  
    
  Management believes the Company's repurchase reserve appropriately reflects the estimated probable losses on repurchase claims for all loans sold and outstanding as of   March 31, 2015  . In making these estimates, the Company considers the losses it expects to incur over the lives of the loans sold. The table below represents the activity in the representation and warranty reserve for the dates indicated.  

SCUSA Commitments 
    
  SCUSA is obligated to make purchase price hold-back payments to a third party originator of loans that it purchases on a periodic basis, when losses are lower than originally expected. SCUSA also is obligated to make total return settlement payments to this third-party originator in   2016   and   2017   if returns on the purchased loans are greater than originally expected. These obligations are accounted for as derivatives (Note 11). 
    
  Under terms of agreements with a peer-to-peer personal lending platform company, SCUSA has committed to purchase at least the lesser of   $30 million   per month or   75%   of the lending platform company s "near-prime" (as that term is defined in the agreements) originations through   July 2015  , and the lesser of   $30 million   per month or   50%   of the lending platform company s near-prime originations thereafter through   July 2017  . This commitment can be reduced or canceled with   90 days    notice. 

61 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, AND GUARANTEES (continued) 
    
  SCUSA committed to purchase certain new advances on personal revolving financings originated by a third party retailer, along with existing balances on accounts with new advances, for an initial term ending in   April 2020   and renewing through   April 2022   at the retailer's option. Each customer account generated under the agreements generally is approved with a credit limit higher than the amount of the initial purchase, with each subsequent purchase automatically approved as long as it does not cause the account to exceed its limit and the customer is in good standing. As these credit lines do not have a specified maturity, but rather can be terminated at any time in the event of adverse credit changes or lack of use, SCUSA has not recorded an allowance for unfunded commitments. As of   March 31, 2015  and   December 31, 2014  , SCUSA was obligated to purchase   $6.4 million   and   $7.7 million  , respectively, in receivables that had been originated by the retailer but not yet purchased by SCUSA. SCUSA also is required to make a profit-sharing payment to the retailer each month if performance exceeds a specified return threshold. 
    
  Under terms of an application transfer agreement with an original equipment manufacturer ("OEM"), SCUSA has the first opportunity to review for its own portfolio any credit applications turned down by the OEM's captive finance company. The agreement does not require SCUSA to originate any loans, but for each loan originated SCUSA will pay the OEM a referral fee, comprised of a volume bonus fee and a loss betterment bonus fee. The loss betterment bonus fee will be calculated annually and is based on the amount by which losses on loans originated under the agreement are lower than an established percentage threshold. 
    
  In connection with the sale of retail installment contracts through securitizations and other sales, SCUSA has made standard representations and warranties customary in the consumer finance industry. Violations of these representations and warranties may require SCUSA to repurchase loans previously sold to on- or off-balance sheet trusts or other third parties. As of   March 31, 2015  , SCUSA had   no   repurchase requests outstanding. In the opinion of SCUSA management, the potential exposure of other recourse obligations related to SCUSA s retail installment contract sales agreements will not have a material adverse effect on SCUSA s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
    
  Santander has provided guarantees on the covenants, agreements, and obligations of SCUSA under the governing documents of its warehouse facilities and privately issued amortizing notes. These guarantees are limited to the obligations of SCUSA as servicer. 
    
  Under terms of the Chrysler Agreement, SCUSA must make revenue sharing payments to Chrysler and also must make gain-sharing payments when residual gains on leased vehicles exceed a specified threshold. 
    
  SCUSA has a flow agreement with Bank of America whereby SCUSA is committed to sell up to   $300 million   of eligible loans to the bank each month through   May 2018  .  
    
  SCUSA has sold loans to Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania ("CBP") under terms of a flow agreement and predecessor sale agreements. SC retains servicing on the sold loans and will owe CBP a loss-sharing payment capped at   0.5%   of the original pool balance if losses exceed a specified threshold, established on a pool-by-pool basis.  
    
  In connection with the bulk sale of Chrysler Capital leases, SCUSA is obligated to make quarterly payments to the purchaser sharing residual losses for lease terminations with losses over a specific percentage threshold. The estimated fair value of this guarantee was   $2 million   as of   March 31, 2015  . 
    
  On   March 31, 2015  , SCUSA executed a forward flow asset sale agreement with a third party under terms of which SCUSA is committed to sell at least   $200 million   of charged off loan receivables in bankruptcy status.  
  
   62 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, AND GUARANTEES (continued) 
    
  Periodically, SCUSA is party to or otherwise involved in various lawsuits and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. On   August 26, 2014  , a purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York. On   October 6, 2014  , another purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the District Court of Dallas County, Texas and was subsequently removed to the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas. Both lawsuits were filed against SCUSA, certain current and former directors and executive officers of SCUSA and certain institutions that served as underwriters in the IPO. Each lawsuit was brought by a purported stockholder of SCUSA seeking to represent a class consisting of all those who purchased or otherwise acquired securities pursuant and/or traceable to SCUSA's Registration Statement and Prospectus issued in connection with the IPO. Each complaint alleges that the Registration Statement and Prospectus contained misleading statements concerning SCUSA s auto lending business and underwriting practices. Each lawsuit asserts claims under Section 11 and Section 15 of the Securities Act and seeks damages and other relief. On   February 17, 2015  , the purported class action lawsuit pending in the United States District Court, Northern District of Texas, was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice.  
    
  Further, SCUSA is party to or are otherwise involved periodically in reviews, investigations, proceedings (both formal and informal), and information-gathering requests, by government and self-regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve, the CFPB, the Department of Justice (the "DOJ"), the SEC, the Federal Trade Commission and various state regulatory agencies. Currently, such proceedings include a civil subpoena from the DOJ under The Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 requesting the production of documents and communications that, among other things, relate to the underwriting and securitization of nonprime auto loans since   2007  . Additionally, on   October 28, 2014  , SCUSA received a preservation letter and request for documents from the SEC requesting the preservation and production of documents and communications that, among other things, relate to the underwriting and securitization of auto loans since   January 1, 2011  . SCUSA also has received civil subpoenas from various state Attorneys General requesting similar documents and communications. SCUSA is complying with these requests for information and document preservation. 
    
  On   February 25, 2015  , SCUSA entered into a consent order with the DOJ (the "DOJ Order"), approved by the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, that resolves the DOJ's claims against SCUSA that certain of its repossession and collection activities during the period of time between   January 2008 and February 2013   violated the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. The consent requires SCUSA to pay a civil fine in the amount of   fifty-five thousand dollars  , as well as at least   $9.4 million   to affected service members consisting of   ten thousand dollars   plus compensation for any lost equity (with interest) for each repossession by SCUSA and   five thousand dollars   for each instance where SCUSA sought to collect repossession-related fees on accounts where a repossession was conducted by a prior account holder, as well as requires SCUSA to undertake additional remedial measures. 
    
  SCUSA does not believe that there are any proceedings, threatened or pending, that, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity of SCUSA. 
    
  Other Off-Balance Sheet Risk  
    
  Other off-balance sheet risk stems from financial instruments that do not meet the definition of guarantees under applicable accounting guidance, and from other relationships which include items such as indemnifications provided in the ordinary course of business and intercompany guarantees. 
    
  Litigation 
    
  In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are routinely parties to pending and threatened legal actions and proceedings, including class action claims. These actions and proceedings are generally based on alleged violations of consumer protection, securities, environmental, banking, employment and other laws. In some of these actions and proceedings, claims for substantial monetary damages are asserted against the Company and its subsidiaries. In the ordinary course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to regulatory examinations, information-gathering requests, inquiries and investigations. 
  
   63 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, AND GUARANTEES (continued) 
    
  In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of such litigation and regulatory matters, particularly where the claimants seek very large or indeterminate damages or where the matters present novel legal theories or involve a large number of parties, the Company generally cannot predict the eventual outcome of the pending matters, the timing of the ultimate resolution of the matters, or the eventual loss, fines or penalties related to the matter. The Company does not presently anticipate that the ultimate aggregate liability, if any, arising out of such other legal proceedings will have a material effect on its financial position.  
    
  In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the Company establishes an accrued liability for litigation and regulatory matters when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. When a loss contingency is not both probable and estimable, the Company does not establish an accrued liability. As a litigation or regulatory matter develops, the Company, in conjunction with any outside counsel handling the matter, evaluates on an ongoing basis whether the matter presents a loss contingency that is probable and estimable, at which time an accrued liability is established with respect to such loss contingency. The Company continues to monitor the matter for further developments that could affect the amount of the accrued liability previously established. For certain legal matters in which the Company is involved, the Company is able to estimate a range of reasonably possible losses. For other matters for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible, such an estimate is not possible. Management currently estimates that it is reasonably possible that the Company could incur losses in an aggregate amount of up to approximately   $7.7 million   in excess of the accrued liability, if any, with it also being reasonably possible that the Company could incur no such losses in these matters. This estimated range of reasonably possible losses represents the estimate of possible losses over the life of such legal matters, which may span an indeterminable number of years, and is based on information available as of   March 31, 2015  . 
    
  The matters for which it is reasonably possible that the Company will incur a significant loss are described below. The Company may include in some of the descriptions of individual disclosed matters certain quantitative information related to the plaintiff's claim against the Company as alleged in the plaintiff's pleadings or other public filings or otherwise based on publicly available information. While information of this type may provide insight into the potential magnitude of a matter, it does not necessarily represent the Company's estimate of reasonably possible loss or its judgment as to any currently appropriate accrual. Refer to Note 12 for disclosure regarding the lawsuit filed by the Company against the IRS/United States.  
    
  Other Regulatory and Governmental Matters  
    
  Foreclosure Matters 
    
  On   May 22, 2013  , the Bank received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York seeking information regarding claims for foreclosure expenses incurred in connection with the foreclosure of loans insured or guaranteed by the Federal Housing Agency, FNMA or FHLMC. The Bank is cooperating with the investigation; however, there can be no assurance that claims or litigation will not arise from this matter. 
    
  On   April 13, 2011  , the Bank consented to the issuance of a consent order (the "OTS Order") by the Bank's previous primary federal banking regulator, the Office of Thrift Supervision (the "OTS"), as part of an interagency horizontal review of foreclosure practices at   14   mortgage servicers. Upon its conversion to a national bank on   January 26, 2012  , the Bank entered into a stipulation consenting to the issuance of a consent order (the "Order") by the OCC, which contains the same terms as the OTS Order.   
    
  On   January 7, 2013  , the Bank and   nine   other mortgage servicing companies subject to enforcement actions for deficient practices in mortgage loan servicing and foreclosure processing reached an agreement in principle with the OCC and the Federal Reserve to make cash payments and provide other assistance to borrowers. On   February 28, 2013  , the agreements were finalized with all   ten   mortgage servicing companies, including the Bank. Other assistance includes reductions of principal on first and second liens, payments to assist with short sales, deficiency balance waivers on past foreclosures and short sales, and forbearance assistance for unemployed homeowners. As of   January 24, 2013  ,   twelve   other mortgage servicing companies subject to enforcement action for deficient practices in mortgage loan servicing and foreclosure processes also reached an agreement with the OCC or the Federal Reserve, as applicable.  
  
   64 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, AND GUARANTEES (continued) 
    
  As a result of this agreement, the participating servicers, including the Bank, ceased their independent foreclosure reviews, which involved case-by-case reviews, and replaced them with a broader framework allowing eligible borrowers to receive compensation in a more timely manner. This arrangement has not eliminated all of the Company's risks associated with foreclosures, since it does not protect the Bank from potential individual borrower claims, class actions lawsuits, actions by state attorneys general, or actions by the DOJ or other regulators. In addition, all of the other terms of the Order are still in effect.  
    
  Under the agreement, the Bank has paid   $6.2 million   into a remediation fund, the majority of which has been distributed to borrowers, and will engage in foreclosure avoidance activities, such as loan modifications and short sales over the next   two years   in an aggregate principal amount of   $9.9 million  . In return, the OCC waived any civil money penalties that could have been assessed against the Bank. During   2013  , the Company submitted for credit from the OCC mortgage loans in the amount of   $74.1 million  , which represents the principal balance of mortgage loans for which the Bank completed foreclosure avoidance activities with its borrowers. As of   March 31, 2015  , the Bank had already exceeded its requirements under the settlement agreement. The OCC is requiring the Bank to engage a consultant to validate that the submissions the Bank has made to the OCC qualify as foreclosure avoidance activities under the terms of the agreement. 
    
  The Bank represents   0.17%   of the total   $9.3 billion   settlement among the banks and is the smallest participant in the agreement. The total   $16.1 million   related to the remediation fund and mortgage modifications was fully reserved.  
    
  Identity Theft Protection Product Matter  
    
  The Bank has been in discussions to address concerns that some customers may have paid for but did not receive certain benefits of an identity theft protection product from a third-party vendor. The Bank remains in discussions with the third-party vendor on potential remedial actions to impacted customers. To date, the Bank has made   $37.6 million   in total remediation payments to customers. On   April 17, 2015  , the OCC announced that it had reached an agreement with the Bank that resolved issues related to the sale and servicing of the identity theft protection product (the "Consent Order"). Pursuant to the Consent Order, the Bank has paid a civil monetary penalty of   $6.0 million   and agreed to remediate customers who paid for but may not have received certain benefits of the identify theft protection product. As indicated above, as of   December 31, 2014  , all customers were refunded amounts paid for product enrollment. The Bank is in the process of further re-mediating customers whose checking accounts may have been charged an overdraft fee or credit card accounts an over limit and finance fee as a result of the identity theft protection product fees. In reaching this agreement, the Bank has cooperated fully with the OCC and will comply fully with the terms of the Consent Order. 
    
  Marketing of Overdraft Coverage 
    
  On   April 1, 2014  , the Bank received a civil investigative demand ( CID ) from the CFPB. The CID requests information and documents in connection with the Bank s marketing to consumers of overdraft coverage for automatic teller machine and/or onetime debit card transactions. A second CID related to the same overdraft coverage program was received on   February 10, 2015  . Pursuant to the terms of the CIDs, the information obtained by the CFPB will be used to determine whether the Bank is in compliance with laws administered by the CFPB. The Bank is cooperating with the investigation; however there can be no assurance that claims or litigation will not arise from this matter. 
    
  The Company's practice is to cooperate fully with regulatory and governmental investigations, audits and other inquiries, including those described above. 
  
   65 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 15. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
    
  The Company has various debt agreements with Santander. For a listing of these debt agreements, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2014  . The Company and its affiliates also entered into or were subject to various service agreements with Santander and its affiliates. Each of these agreements was made in the ordinary course of business and on market terms. A list and description of these agreements can be found in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2014  . 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) 
    
  General  
    
  As of   March 31, 2015  ,   $20.0 billion   of the Company s total assets consisted of financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including financial instruments for which the Company elected the FVO. Approximately   $10.5 million   of these financial instruments were measured using quoted market prices for identical instruments or Level 1 inputs. Approximately   $17.7 billion   of these financial instruments were measured using valuation methodologies involving market-based and market-derived information, or Level 2 inputs. Approximately   $2.3 billion   of these financial instruments were measured using model-based techniques, or Level 3 inputs, and represented approximately   11.7%   of total assets measured at fair value and approximately   1.9%   of total consolidated assets. 
    
  Fair value is defined in GAAP as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The standard focuses on the exit price in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. GAAP establishes a fair value reporting hierarchy to maximize the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value and defines the three levels of inputs as noted below: 
    
     Level 1 - Assets or liabilities for which the identical item is traded on an active exchange, such as publicly-traded instruments or futures contracts. 
    
     Level 2 - Assets and liabilities valued based on observable market data for similar instruments. Fair value is estimated using inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly. 
    
     Level 3 - Assets or liabilities for which significant valuation assumptions are not readily observable in the market, and instruments valued based on the best available data, some of which is internally developed and considers risk premiums that a market participant would require. Fair value is estimated using unobservable inputs that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities may include financial instruments whose value is determined using pricing services, pricing models with internally developed assumptions, DCF methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation.  
    
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value, by their nature, result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. When available, the Company attempts to use quoted market prices or matrix pricing in active markets to determine fair value and classifies such items as Level 1 or Level 2 assets or liabilities. If quoted market prices in active markets are not available, fair value is determined using third-party broker quotes and/or DCF models incorporating various assumptions including interest rates, prepayment speeds and credit losses. Assets and liabilities valued using broker quotes and/or DCF models are classified as either Level 2 or Level 3, depending on the lowest level classification of an input that is considered significant to the overall valuation.  

66 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  The Company values assets and liabilities based on the principal market on which each would be sold (in the case of assets) or transferred (in the case of liabilities). The principal market is the forum with the greatest volume and level of activity. In the absence of a principal market, the valuation is based on the most advantageous market. In the absence of observable market transactions, the Company considers liquidity valuation adjustments to reflect the uncertainty in pricing the instruments. The fair value of a financial asset is measured on a stand-alone basis and cannot be measured as a group, with the exception of certain financial instruments held and managed on a net portfolio basis. In measuring the fair value of a nonfinancial asset, the Company assumes the highest and best use of the asset by a market participant, not just the intended use, to maximize the value of the asset. The Company also considers whether any credit valuation adjustments are necessary based on the counterparty's credit quality. 
    
  Any models used to determine fair values or validate dealer quotes based on the descriptions below are subject to review and testing as part of the Company's model validation and internal control testing processes.  
    
  The Bank's Market Risk Department is responsible for determining and approving the fair values of all assets and liabilities valued at fair value, including our Level 3 assets and liabilities. Price validation procedures are performed and the results are reviewed for Level 3 assets and liabilities by the Market Risk Department. Price validation procedures performed for these assets and liabilities can include comparing current prices to historical pricing trends by collateral type and vintage, comparing prices by product type to indicative pricing grids published by market makers, and obtaining corroborating dealer prices for significant securities. 
    
  The Company reviews the assumptions utilized to determine fair value on a quarterly basis. Any changes in methodologies or significant inputs used in determining fair values are further reviewed to determine if a change in fair value level hierarchy has occurred. Transfers in and out of Levels 1, 2 and 3 are considered to be effective as of the end of the quarter in which they occur. 
    
  There were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   for any assets or liabilities valued at fair value on a recurring basis. During the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014  , the Company transferred certain of its ABS from Level 2 to Level 3 due to limited price transparency in connection with their limited trading activity. There were no other transfers between Levels 1, 2 and 3 during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014  . 
  
   67 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  The following tables present the assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis by major product category and fair value hierarchy as of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  . 

68 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 

69 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
  The Company may be required to measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP from time to time. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower-of-cost-or-fair value accounting or certain impairment measures. Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis that were still held on the balance sheet were as follows: 

Valuation Processes and Techniques 
    
  Impaired loans held for investment represents the recorded investment of impaired commercial loans for which the Company periodically records nonrecurring adjustments of collateral-dependent loans measured for impairment when establishing the allowance for loan losses. Such amounts are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan.     Written offers to purchase a specific impaired loan are considered observable market inputs, which are considered Level 1.     Appraisals are obtained to support the fair value of the collateral and incorporate measures such as recent sales prices for comparable properties, which are considered Level 2 inputs. Loans for which the value of the underlying collateral is determined using a combination of real estate appraisals, field exams and internal calculations are considered Level 3 inputs. The inputs in the internal calculations include the loan balance, estimation of the collectability of the underlying receivables held by the customer used as collateral, sale and liquidation value of the inventory held by the customer used as collateral and historical loss-given-default parameters. In cases in which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the collateral less cost to sell, an impairment charge is recognized. The total carrying value of these loans was   $51.6 million   and   $100.2 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively.  
    
  Foreclosed assets represents the recorded investment in assets taken in foreclosure of defaulted loans, and are primarily comprised of commercial and residential real property and generally measured at fair value less costs to sell. The fair value of the real property is generally determined using appraisals or other indications of value based on recent comparable sales of similar properties or assumptions generally observable in the marketplace.  
    
  The Company estimates the fair value of its vehicles, which are obtained either through repossession or lease termination, using historical auction rates and current market levels of used car prices. 
    
  The estimated fair value of intangible assets is valued using unobservable inputs and is classified as Level 3. Fair value is calculated using a DCF model. See further discussion on intangible assets in Note 8.  

70 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Fair Value Adjustments 
    
  The following table presents the increases and decreases in value of certain assets that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis for which a fair value adjustment has been included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations relating to assets held at period-end: 

Level 3 Rollforward for Recurring Assets and Liabilities  
    
  The tables below present the changes in all Level 3 balances for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   and   2014  , respectively. 

(1) 
    Settlements include charge-offs, prepayments, pay downs and maturities. 
     
   71 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 

(1) Settlements include charge-offs, prepayments, pay downs and maturities. 
    
  Valuation Processes and Techniques - Recurring Fair Value Assets and Liabilities 
    
  The following is a description of the valuation techniques used for instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis:  
    
  Securities Available-for-Sale and Trading Securities 
    
  Securities accounted for at fair value include both available-for-sale and trading securities portfolios. The Company utilizes a third-party pricing service to value its investment securities portfolios. Our primary pricing service has consistently proved to be a high quality third party pricing provider. For those investments not valued by our pricing vendors, other trusted market sources are utilized. The vendors the Company uses provide pricing services on a global basis. The Company monitors and validates the reliability of vendor pricing on an ongoing basis, which can include pricing methodology reviews, performing detailed reviews of the assumptions and inputs used by the vendor to price individual securities, and price validation testing. Price validation testing is performed independently of the risk-taking function and can include corroborating the prices received from third-party vendors with prices from another third-party source, reviewing valuations of comparable instruments, comparison to internal valuations, or by reference to recent sales of similar securities. 
    
  The classification of securities within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the activity level in the market for the security type and the observability of the inputs used to determine their fair value. Actively traded quoted market prices for investment securities available-for-sale, such as U.S. Treasury and government agency securities, corporate debt, state and municipal securities, and mortgage backed securities, are not readily available. The Company's principal markets for its investment securities are the secondary institutional markets with an exit price that is predominantly reflective of bid-level pricing in these markets. These investment securities are priced by third-party pricing vendors. The third-party vendors use a variety of methods when pricing securities that incorporate relevant market data to arrive at an estimate of what a buyer in the marketplace would pay for a security under current market conditions. These investment securities are, therefore, considered Level 2. 
  
   72 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  ABS is comprised primarily of collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs") and other ABS. Certain ABS are valued using DCF models. The DCF models are obtained from a third-party pricing vendor who uses observable market data and therefore are classified as Level 2. CLOs are initially valued by the provider using DCF models which consider inputs such as default correlation, credit spread, prepayment speed, conditional default rate and loss severity. The price produced by the model is then compared to recent trades for similar transactions. If there are differences between the model price and the market price, adjustments are made to the model so the final price approximates the market price. These CLO investments are, therefore, considered Level 2. Other ABS that could not be valued using a third-party pricing service are valued using an internally developed DCF model. When estimating the fair value using this model, the Company uses its best estimate of the key assumptions which include the discount rates and forward yield curves. The Company uses comparable bond indices based on industry, term, and rating to discount the expected future cash flows. Determining the comparability of assets involves significant subjectivity related to asset type differences, cash flows, performance and other inputs. The inability of the Company to corroborate the fair value of the ABS due to the limited available observable data on these ABS resulted in a fair value classification of Level 3.  
    
  The Company's equity securities are priced using net asset value per share, which is validated with a sufficient level of observable activity. Since the price is observable and unadjusted, these investments are considered Level 1.  
    
  Gains and losses on investments are recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations through Net gain on sale of investment securities. 
    
  Retail Installment Contracts Held for Investment 
    
  For certain retail installment contracts held for investment within loans held for investment, the Company has elected the FVO. The fair values of the retail installment contracts are estimated using the DCF model. When estimating the fair value using this model, the Company uses significant unobservable inputs on key assumptions, which includes historical default rate and adjustments to reflect voluntary prepayments, prepayment rates based on available data from a comparable market securitization of similar assets, discount rates reflective of the cost of funding of debt issuance and recent historical equity yields, and recovery rates based on the average severity utilizing reported severity rates and loss severity utilizing available market data from a comparable securitized pool. Accordingly, retail installment contracts held for investment are classified as Level 3. 
    
  Loans Held-for-Sale 
    
  The fair values of LHFS are estimated using published forward agency prices to agency buyers such as the FNMA and the FHLMC. The majority of the residential mortgage LHFS portfolio is sold to these two agencies. The fair value is determined using current secondary market prices for portfolios with similar characteristics, adjusted for servicing values and market conditions.  
    
  These loans are regularly traded in active markets, and observable pricing information is available from market participants. The prices are adjusted as necessary to include the embedded servicing value in the loans and to take into consideration the specific characteristics of certain loans that are priced based on the pricing of similar loans. These adjustments represent unobservable inputs to the valuation, but are not considered significant given the relative insensitivity of the value to changes in these inputs to the fair value of the loans. Accordingly, residential mortgage LHFS are classified as Level 2. See further discussion below in the FVO for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities section below.  
  
   73 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  MSRs 
    
  The model to value MSRs estimates the present value of the future net cash flows from mortgage servicing activities based on various assumptions. These cash flows include servicing and ancillary revenue, offset by the estimated costs of performing servicing activities. Significant assumptions used in the valuation of residential MSRs include changes in anticipated loan prepayment rates ("CPRs") and the discount rate, reflective of a market participant's required return on an investment for similar assets. Other important valuation assumptions include market-based servicing costs and the anticipated earnings on escrow and similar balances held by the Company in the normal course of mortgage servicing activities. All of these assumptions are considered to be unobservable inputs. Historically, servicing costs and discount rates have been less volatile than CPR and earnings rates, both of which are directly correlated with changes in market interest rates. Increases in prepayment speeds, discount rates and servicing costs result in lower valuations of MSRs. Decreases in the anticipated earnings rate on escrow and similar balances result in lower valuations of MSRs. For each of these items, the Company makes assumptions based on current market information and future expectations. All of the assumptions are based on standards that the Company believes would be utilized by market participants in valuing MSRs and are derived and/or benchmarked against independent public sources. Accordingly, MSRs are classified as Level 3 inputs. Gains and losses on MSRs are recognized on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations through Mortgage banking income. See further discussion on MSRs in Note 9.  
    
  Listed below are the most significant inputs that are utilized by the Company in the evaluation of residential MSRs: 

Significant increases/(decreases) in any of those inputs in isolation would result in significantly higher/(lower) fair value measurements. These sensitivity calculations are hypothetical and should not be considered to be predictive of future performance. Changes in fair value based on adverse changes in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, the effect of an adverse variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the MSRs is calculated without changing any other assumption, while in reality changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which may either magnify or counteract the effect of the change. Prepayment estimates generally increase when market interest rates decline and decrease when market interest rates rise. Discount rates typically increase when market interest rates increase and/or credit and liquidity risks increase and decrease when market interest rates decline and/or credit and liquidity conditions improve.  
    
  Derivatives 
    
  The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques, including DCF analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable and unobservable market-based inputs. The fair value represents the estimated amount SHUSA would receive or pay to terminate the contract or agreement, taking into account current interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and, when appropriate, the current creditworthiness of the counterparties.  
    
  The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments in the fair value measurement of its derivatives to reflect the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value measurement of its derivatives, except for those derivative contracts with associated credit support annexes which provide credit enhancements, such as collateral postings and guarantees. 
    
  The Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. Certain of the Company's derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, which are primarily related to mortgage banking derivatives-interest rate lock commitments and total return settlement derivative contracts.   
  
   74 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  The DCF model is utilized to determine the fair value of the mortgage banking derivatives-interest rate lock commitments and the total return settlement derivative contracts. The significant unobservable inputs for mortgage banking derivatives used in the fair value measurement of the Company's loan commitments are "pull through" percentage and the MSR value that is inherent in the underlying loan value. The pull through percentage is an estimate of loan commitments that will result in closed loans. The significant unobservable inputs for total return settlement derivative contracts used in the fair value measurement of the Company's liabilities are discount percentages, which are based on comparable financial instruments. Significant increases/(decreases) in any of these inputs in isolation would result in significantly higher/(lower) fair value measurements. Significant increases/(decreases) in the fair value of a mortgage banking derivative asset/(liability) results when the probability of funding increases/(decreases). Significant increases/(decreases) in the fair value of a mortgage loan commitment result when the embedded servicing value increases/(decreases).  
    
  Gains and losses related to derivatives affect various line items in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 11 for a discussion of derivatives activity. 
    
  Level 3 Inputs - Significant Recurring Assets and Liabilities  
    
  The following table presents quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs within significant Level 3 recurring assets and liabilities. 

(1) Based on the applicable term and discount index. 
  (2) Consensus pricing refers to fair value estimates that are generally developed using information such as dealer quotes or other third-party valuations or comparable asset prices.  
  (3) Based on the nature of the input, a range or weighted average does not exist. For sale-lease back securities, the Company owns one security.  
  (4) Based on the historical default rate and adjustments to reflect voluntary prepayments. 
  (5) Based on the analysis of available data from a comparable market securitization of similar assets. 
  (6) Based on the cost of funding of debt issuance and recent historical equity yields. 
  (7) Based on the average severity utilizing reported severity rates and loss severity utilizing available market data from a comparable securitized pool. 
  (8) Average CPR projected from collateral stratified by loan type, note rate and maturity.  
  (9) Based on the nature of the input, a range or weighted average does not exist.  
  (10) Historical weighted average based on principal balance calculated as the percentage of loans originated for sale divided by total commitments less outstanding commitments.   
  (11) MSR value is the estimated value of the servicing right embedded in the underlying loan, expressed in basis points of outstanding unpaid principal balance. 
  
   75 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  
    
  The carrying amounts and estimated fair values, as well as the level within the fair value hierarchy, of the Company's financial instruments are as follows: 

76 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Valuation Processes and Techniques - Financial Instruments  
    
  The preceding tables present disclosures about the fair value of the Company's financial instruments. Those fair values for certain instruments are presented based upon subjective estimates of relevant market conditions at a specific point in time and information about each financial instrument. In cases in which quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. These techniques involve uncertainties resulting in variability in estimates affected by changes in assumptions and risks of the financial instruments at a certain point in time. Therefore, the derived fair value estimates presented above for certain instruments cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets. In addition, the fair values do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time an entity s entire holding of a particular financial instrument, nor does it reflect potential taxes and the expenses that would be incurred in an actual sale or settlement. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented above do not represent the underlying value of the Company. 
    
  The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments not measured at fair value on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet: 
    
  Cash and amounts due from depository institutions  
    
  Cash and cash equivalents include cash and due from depository institutions, interest-bearing deposits in other banks, federal funds sold, and securities purchased under agreements to resell. The related fair value measurements have been classified as Level 1, since their carrying value approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of the asset.  
    
  As of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the Company had   $2.8 billion   and   $2.0 billion  , respectively, of restricted cash. Restricted cash is related to cash restricted for investment purposes, cash posted for collateral purposes, cash advanced for loan purchases, and lockbox collections. Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, have maturities of three months or less and, accordingly, the carrying amount of these instruments is deemed to be a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
    
  Debentures of FHLB 
    
  Other investments include debentures of the FHLB. The related fair value measurements have generally been classified as Level 2, as carrying value approximates fair value. The debentures of the FHLB matured in September 2014. 
    
  Loans held for investment, net 
    
  The fair values of loans are estimated based on groupings of similar loans, including but not limited to stratifications by type, interest rate, maturity, and borrower creditworthiness. Discounted future cash flow analyses are performed for these loans incorporating assumptions of current and projected voluntary prepayment speeds. Discount rates are determined using the Company's current origination rates on similar loans, adjusted for changes in current liquidity and credit spreads (if necessary). Because the current liquidity spreads are generally not observable in the market and the expected loss assumptions are based on the Company's experience, these are Level 3 valuations. Impaired loans are valued at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. See further discussion under "Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis" above.  
    
  Deposits 
    
  The fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, such as non-interest-bearing demand deposits, interest-bearing demand deposit accounts, savings accounts and certain money market accounts, is equal to the amount payable on demand and does not take into account the significant value of the cost advantage and stability of the Company s long-term relationships with depositors. The fair value of fixed-maturity CDs is estimated by discounting cash flows using currently offered rates for deposits of similar remaining maturities. The related fair value measurements have generally been classified as Level 1 for core deposits, since the carrying value approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of the liabilities. All other deposits are considered to be Level 2.  

77 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Borrowings and other debt obligations 
    
  Fair value is estimated by discounting cash flows using rates currently available to the Company for other borrowings with similar terms and remaining maturities. Certain other debt obligation instruments are valued using available market quotes for similar instruments, which contemplates issuer default risk. The related fair value measurements have generally been classified as Level 2. A certain portion of debt, relating to revolving credit facilities, is classified as Level 3. Management believes that the terms of these credit agreements approximate market terms for similar credit agreements and, therefore, are considered to be Level 3. 
    
  Commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit  
    
  Commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit include the value of unfunded lending commitments and standby letters of credit, as well as the recorded liability for probable losses. The Company s pricing of such financial instruments is based largely on credit quality and relationship, probability of funding and other requirements. Loan commitments often have fixed expiration dates and contain termination and other clauses which provide relief from funding in the event of significant deterioration in the credit quality of the customer. The rates and terms of the Company s loan commitments and letters of credit are competitive with other financial institutions operating in markets served by the Company.  
    
  The liability for probable losses is estimated by analyzing unfunded lending commitments and standby letters of credit for commercial customers and segregating by risk according to the Company's internal risk rating scale. These risk classifications, in conjunction with an analysis of historical loss experience, current economic conditions, performance trends within specific portfolio segments, and any other pertinent information, result in the estimation of the reserve for probable losses.  
    
  These instruments and the related reserve are classified as Level 3. The Company believes that the carrying amounts, which are included in Other liabilities, are reasonable estimates of the fair value of these financial instruments. 
    
  Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  
    
  LHFS 
    
  The Company's LHFS portfolio primarily consists of residential mortgages and retail installment contracts. Retail installment contracts that are held-for-sale are accounted for at the lower of cost or market while the Company adopted the FVO on residential mortgage loans classified as held-for-sale, which allows the Company to record the mortgage LHFS portfolio at fair market value compared to the lower of cost, net of deferred fees, deferred origination costs, or market. The Company economically hedges its residential LHFS portfolio, which is reported at fair value. A lower of cost or market accounting treatment would not allow the Company to record the excess of the fair market value over book value, but would require the Company to record the corresponding reduction in value on the hedges. Both the loans and related hedges are carried at fair value, which reduces earnings volatility, as the amounts more closely offset.   
    
  Retail installment contracts held for investment 
    
  To reduce accounting and operational complexity, the Company elected the FVO for certain of its retail installment contracts held for investment in connection with the Change in Control. These loans consisted of all of SCUSA s retail installment contracts accounted for by SCUSA under ASC 310-30, as well as all of SCUSA s retail installment contracts that were more than   60 days   past due at the date of the Change in Control, which collectively had an aggregate outstanding unpaid principal balance of   $2.6 billion   with a fair value of   $1.9 billion   at the date of the Change in Control. 

78 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 16. FAIR VALUE (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  The following table summarizes the difference between the fair value and the principal balance of LHFS and retail installment contracts measured at fair value as of   March 31, 2015  . 

Interest income on the Company s LHFS and retail installment contracts held for investment is recognized when earned based on their respective contractual rates in Interest income on loans in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The accrual of interest is discontinued and reversed once the loans become more than   90 days   past due for LHFS and more than   60 days   past due for retail installment contracts held for investment.   
    
  Residential MSRs 
    
  The Company elected to account for its existing portfolio of residential MSRs at fair value. This election created greater flexibility with regards to any ongoing decisions relating to risk management of the asset by mitigating the effects of changes to the residential MSRs' fair value through the use of risk management instruments.  
    
  The Company's residential MSRs had an aggregate fair value of   $135.5 million   at   March 31, 2015  . Changes in fair value totaling a loss of   $7.0 million   were recorded in net mortgage banking income in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  . 

NOTE 17. BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION (As Restated) 
    
  Business Segment Products and Services  
    
  The Company s reportable segments are focused principally around the customers the Bank and SC serve. During the first quarter of 2016, certain management and business line changes became effective as the Company reorganized its management reporting in order to improve its structure and focus to better align management teams and resources with the business goals of the Company and provide enhanced customer service to its clients. Accordingly, the following changes were made within the Company's reportable segments to provide greater focus on each of its core businesses:  

The small business banking, commercial business banking, and auto leasing lines of business formerly included in the Auto Finance and Business Banking reportable segment, were combined with the Consumer and Business Banking reportable segment. 
                
    The Real Estate and Commercial reportable segment was split into the Commercial Real Estate reportable segment and the Commercial Banking reportable segment.  
                
    The CEVF and dealer floor plan lines of business, formerly included in the Auto Finance   Business Banking reportable segment, were moved to the Commercial Banking business unit.  
                
    The internal FTP guidelines and methodologies were revised to align with Santander corporate criteria for internal management reporting. These FTP changes impact all reporting segments, excluding SC. 

79 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 17. BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  The Company has identified the following reportable segments: 

The Consumer and Business Banking segment (formerly known as the Retail Banking segment) primarily comprises the Bank's branch locations, residential mortgage business and business banking customers. The branch locations offer a wide range of products and services to both consumers and business banking customers, which attract deposits by offering a variety of deposit instruments including demand and interest-bearing demand deposit accounts, money market and savings accounts, CDs and retirement savings products. The branch locations also offer consumer loans such as credit cards, and home equity loans and lines of credit, and business loans such as commercial lines of credit and business credit cards. In addition, investment services provide annuities, mutual funds, managed monies, and insurance products and acts as an investment brokerage agent to the customers of the Consumer and Business Banking segment.  

The Commercial Banking segment currently provides commercial lines, loans, and deposits to medium and large business banking customers as well as financing and deposits for government entities, commercial loans to dealers and financing for commercial vehicles and municipal equipment. This segment also provides financing and deposits for government entities and niche product financing for specific industries, including oil and gas and mortgage warehousing, among others.  

The Commercial Real Estate segment offers commercial real estate loans and multifamily loans to customers. 

The Global Corporate Banking segment was formerly designated as the Global Corporate Banking   Market   Large Corporate Banking segment, and was renamed during the third quarter of 2015. This segment serves the needs of global commercial and institutional customers by leveraging the international footprint of the Santander group to provide financing and banking services to corporations with over   $500 million   in annual revenues. GBM's offerings and strategy are based on Santander's local and global capabilities in wholesale banking. 

SCUSA is a specialized consumer finance company focused on vehicle finance and third-party servicing. SCUSA s primary business is the indirect origination of retail installment contracts, principally through manufacturer-franchised dealers in connection with their sale of new and used vehicles to retail consumers. In conjunction with a   ten  -year private label financing agreement with the Chrysler Group that became effective May 1, 2013, SCUSA offers a full spectrum of auto financing products and services to Chrysler customers and dealers under the Chrysler Capital brand. These products and services include consumer retail installment contracts and leases, as well as dealer loans for inventory, construction, real estate, working capital and revolving lines of credit. SCUSA also originates vehicle loans through a web-based direct lending program, purchases vehicle retail installment contracts from other lenders, and services automobile, recreational and marine vehicle portfolios for other lenders. Additionally, SCUSA has several relationships through which it provides personal loans, private label credit cards and other consumer finance products. During 2015, SCUSA announced its intention to exit the personal lending business.  
       
  SCUSA has entered into a number of intercompany agreements with the Bank as described above as part of the Auto Finance   Alliances segment. All intercompany revenue and fees between the Bank and SCUSA are eliminated in the consolidated results of SHUSA. 
    
  The Other category includes earnings from the investment portfolio, interest from the non-strategic assets portfolio, interest expense on the Company's borrowings and other debt obligations, amortization of intangible assets and certain unallocated corporate income and indirect expenses. 
    
  For segment reporting purposes, SCUSA continues to be managed as a separate business unit. The Company s segment results, excluding SCUSA, are derived from the Company s business unit profitability reporting system by specifically attributing managed balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related interest income or expense to each of the segments. Funds transfer pricing methodologies are utilized to allocate a cost for funds used or a credit for funds provided to business line deposits, loans and selected other assets using a matched funding concept. The methodology includes a liquidity premium adjustment, which considers an appropriate market participant spread for commercial loans and deposits by analyzing the mix of borrowings available to the Company with comparable maturity periods.  
  
   80 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 17. BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Other income and expenses are managed directly by each business line, including fees, service charges, salaries and benefits, and other direct expenses, as well as certain allocated corporate expenses, and are accounted for within each segment s financial results. Accounting policies for the lines of business are the same as those used in preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements with respect to activities specifically attributable to each business line. However, the preparation of business line results requires management to establish methodologies to allocate funding costs and benefits, expenses and other financial elements to each line of business. Where practical, the results are adjusted to present consistent methodologies for the segments. 
    
  The application and development of management reporting methodologies is a dynamic process and is subject to periodic enhancements. The implementation of these enhancements to the internal management reporting methodology may materially affect the results disclosed for each segment with no impact on consolidated results. Whenever significant changes to management reporting methodologies take place, prior period information is reclassified wherever practicable.       
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, certain management and business line changes became effective as the Company reorganized its management reporting in order to improve its structure and focus to better align management teams and resources with the business goals of the Company and provide enhanced customer service to its clients. Accordingly, the following changes were made within the Company's reportable segments to provide greater focus on each of its core businesses:  

The small business banking, commercial business banking, and auto leasing lines of business formerly included in the Auto Finance and Business Banking reportable segment, were combined with the Consumer and Business Banking reportable segment. 
                
    The Real Estate and Commercial reportable segment was split into the Commercial Real Estate reportable segment and the Commercial Banking reportable segment.  
                
    The CEVF and dealer floor plan lines of business, formerly included in the Auto Finance   Business Banking reportable segment, were moved to the Commercial Banking business unit.  
                
    The internal FTP guidelines and methodologies were revised to align with Santander corporate criteria for internal management reporting. These FTP changes impact all reporting segments, excluding SC. 
       
  All prior period results have been recast to conform to the new composition of these reportable segments. 

81 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 17. BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  Results of Segments  
    
  The following tables present certain information regarding the Company s segments.  

(1) 
    Intersegment revenue/ (expense) represents charges or credits for funds used or provided by each of the segments and is included in net interest income. 
              (2) 
    Other is not considered a segment and includes earnings from non-strategic assets, the investment portfolio, interest expense on the Bank s and holding company's borrowings and other debt obligations, amortization of intangible assets and certain unallocated corporate income and indirect expenses. 
              (3) 
    Management of SHUSA manages SCUSA by analyzing the pre-Change in Control results of SCUSA as disclosed in this column. 
              (4) 
    Purchase Price Adjustments represents the impact that SCUSA purchase marks had on the results of SCUSA included within the consolidated operations of SHUSA, while eliminations eliminate intercompany transactions. 

(1) 
    Intersegment revenue/(expense) represents charges or credits for funds used or provided by each of the segments and is included in net interest income. 
              (2) 
    Other is not considered a segment and includes earnings from non-strategic assets, the investment portfolio, interest expense on the Bank s and holding company's borrowings and other debt obligations, amortization of intangible assets and certain unallocated corporate income and indirect expenses. 
              (3) 
    Management of SHUSA manages SCUSA by analyzing the pre-Change in Control results of SCUSA as disclosed in this column. 
              (4) 
    Purchase Price Adjustments represents the impact that SCUSA purchase marks had on the results of SCUSA included within the consolidated operations of SHUSA, while eliminations adjust for the one month that SHUSA accounted for SCUSA as an equity method investment and eliminate intercompany transactions. 
     
   82 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 17. BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION (As Restated) (continued) 
    
  REVIEW OF FINANCIAL MEASURES 
    
  The Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM"), as described by ASC 280, Segment Reporting, manages SCUSA on a historical basis by reviewing the results of SCUSA on a pre-Change in Control basis. The Results of Segments table discloses SCUSA's operating information on the same basis that it is reviewed by SHUSA's CODM to reconcile to SCUSA's GAAP results, purchase price adjustments and accounting for SCUSA as an equity method investment.  

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS 
    
  Subsequent to the issuance of the Company's March 31, 2015 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company identified errors in its historical financial statements, including for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014. Accordingly, the Company has restated the unaudited interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the three-months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 to reflect the error corrections. The most significant errors originate from SC, a significant subsidiary of the Company.  

The Company determined that its historical methodology for estimating the credit loss allowance for RICs held for investment was in error as it did not estimate impairment on TDRs separately from a general credit loss allowance on loans not classified as TDRs, and incorrectly applying a loss emergence period to the entire portfolio rather than only to loans not classified as TDRs. In addition, the Company determined that it had incorrectly identified the population of loans that should be classified and disclosed as TDRs and, separately, had incorrectly estimated the impairment on these loans, as of each of these balance sheet dates. The Company has corrected its allowance methodology accordingly, and has determined, based on the corrected methodology, the ACL reported on the condensed consolidated balance sheets was overstated by   $192.0 million   and   $358.2 million   at March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively.  

The Company has also determined that subvention payments related to leased vehicles were incorrectly classified within the Consolidated Statements of Operations as an addition to Leased vehicle income rather than a reduction of Leased vehicle expense. There was no impact to net income as a result of this change. 
       
  The impact of the corrections of the above errors on the financial statements for the three- months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 were disclosed in Part II, Item 9B, of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the errors were corrected in the financial statements and related disclosures for the three months ended March 31, 2015 in the Company originally filed quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016. 
    
           2. 
    Errors identified subsequent to the filing of the Original 10-K: 

The Company previously used the loans' original contractual interest rate rather than the original effective interest rate as the discount rate applied to the expected cash flows to determine TDR impairment. ASC 310-40-35-12 requires that expected future cash flows be discounted using the original effective interest rate.  
       
  The Company has corrected the discount rate used in the determination of TDR impairment and has determined that the allowance was un  derstated, and the net carrying balance of retail installment contracts held for investment accordingly overstated, by   $31.0 million   and   $1.0 million   as of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively, related to this methodo  logy error. This error also impacted the provision for credit losses in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, as noted in the tables below, and related disclosures. 
  
   83 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued) 

The Company has determined that its application of the retrospective effective interest method for accreting discounts, subvention payments from manufacturers, and other origination costs (collectively "discount") on retail installment contracts held for investment was in error, as (i) these cost basis adjustments were accreted over the average life of a loan rather than the aggregate life of a loan pool, (ii) defaults were inappropriately considered in the estimate of future principal prepayments, (iii) the portfolio was not adequately segmented to consider different prepayment performance based on credit quality and term, (iv) remaining unaccreted balances at charge off were being recorded as interest income rather than as reductions of the net charge-off, and (v) the unaccreted discount component of TDR carrying value was misstated, resulting in inaccurate TDR impairment.  
       
  (i) The Company previously had accreted discounts over the average life of the loan portfolio. However, Examples 3 and 4 in the implementation guidance to ASC 310-20,   Receivables - Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs  , provide guidance on the projection of cash flows for a pool of loans and the treatment of actual and anticipated prepayments for determining the effective interest rate under the retrospective method. The guidance demonstrates an application that aligns with the aggregate life of the loan pool rather than the average life concept. Under the average life method previously applied by the Company, anticipated prepayments shortened the life of the portfolio and maintained the portfolio monthly cash flow constant, i.e., incorrectly accelerated the accretion of discount. Accordingly, management has determined that the use of the average life was in error.  
    
  (ii) The Company previously had considered all types of liquidations, both voluntary prepayments and charge offs, as prepayments for purposes of determining a prepayment assumption. However, the application of a prepayment assumption as described in ASC 310-20-35-26 does not allow for future expected defaults to be considered in the assumption. Accordingly, management has determined the inclusion of future expected defaults in the prepayment assumption was in error. 
    
  (iii) The Company previously had aggregated all loans in the RIC portfolio held for investment portfolio into one pool for the purpose of estimating prepayments and determining the effective interest rate under the retrospective method. ASC 310-20-35-30 provides some characteristics to be considered when aggregating a large number of similar loans for this purpose. Management has determined that there is differentiation in prepayment behavior within its loan portfolio based on characteristics including credit quality, maturity, and period of origination. Accordingly, management has determined the that absence of segmentation into pools of homogeneous loans was in error.   
    
  (iv) The Company previously had recorded charge offs based on unpaid principal balance. The accretion of discount of charged off loans was previously reported as interest income. However, ASC 310-10,   Receivables,   refers to the recorded investment in the loan as the appropriate accounting basis. ASC 310-10-35-24 specifies that the recorded investment includes adjustments such as unamortized premium or discount. Accordingly, management has determined that the unaccreted discounts remaining at the charge off should be included in the net charge off amount recorded. 
    
  (v) As a result of the incorrect accretion methodology, as well as the exclusion of unaccreted discount, the recorded investment in TDRs was misstated, resulting in a misstatement of TDR impairment.  
    
  The Company has corrected its accretion methodology and has determined that the various aspects had the following impacts as of each balance sheet date: 

84 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued) 
    
  This error also had the following impacts on the condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income: 

The Company previously omitted the consideration of net discounts when estimating the allowance for credit losses for the non-TDR portfolio of retail installment contracts held for investment under ASC 450-20. Accordingly, management has determined that the omission of consideration of net discounts in the allowance was in error.  
       
  The Company has corrected its allowance methodology to take net unaccreted discounts into consideration, and has determined that the allowance was overstated, and the net carrying balance of retail installment contracts held for investment accordingly understated, by   $64.2 million   and   $49.2 million   as of March 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively, related to this methodology error. This error also impacted the provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, as noted in the tables below, and related disclosures.  

The Company had originally recorded a gain on the Change in Control of SC of   $2.43 billion   during the year ended December 31, 2014 and goodwill in the amount   $5.47 billion   at January 28, 2014. As a result of the corrections at SC that impacted the carrying value of assets and liabilities acquired by SHUSA at the Change in Control, SHUSA recognized a gain in the Change in Control of   $2.42 billion   during the three-month period ended March 31, 2014 and goodwill in the amount of   $5.53 billion  .   

The Company recorded a   $50.0 million   indefinite lived intangible at the Change in Control of SC. During the quarter ended December 31, 2015. As part of the Step 2 goodwill impairment analysis, the Company performed a valuation of the intangible assets allocated to the SC reporting unit as of   December 31, 2015  . The Company's impairment analysis concluded that the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived trade name was lower than its carrying value. As such, the Company originally recorded an   $11.7 million   impairment charge during the fourth quarter of 2015 and an additional impairment charge of   $20.3 million   during in the first quarter of 2016. The trade name, as restated, reflects the correction of an error to reflect an impairment charge to the trade name attributed to the fourth quarter of 2014 in the amount of   $28.5 million  . The impairments in 2014 were recorded within amortization expense of intangible assets.  

The Company originally recorded a   $97.5 million   impairment of capitalized software during the second quarter of 2014 for software that was no longer in use or determined to be improperly capitalized. The Company concluded that   $33.3 million   and   $3.3 million   of the impairment charge should have been recorded in the quarters ended December 31, 2013 and March 31, 2014, respectively, when the software was originally capitalized.  
       
  In addition to the restatement of the Company's Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, certain information within the following notes to the consolidated financial statements has been restated to reflect the corrections of errors discussed above as well as other, less significant errors and/or to add disclosure language as appropriate.  

Note 3 Business Combinations 
                
    Note 5 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses 
                
    Note 6 Leased Vehicles 
                
    Note 7 Variable Interest Entities 
                
    Note 8 Goodwill and Other Intangibles 
                
    Note 9 Other Assets 
                   
    Note 17 Business Segment Information 
     
   85 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued) 
    
  The following table summarizes the impact of the corrections on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   March 31, 2015  : 

(1)    Originally reported amounts included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015   filed on May 13, 2015. 
  (2)    Reported amounts included in Part II, Item 9B of  the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 14, 2016. 
  (3)    The changes to borrowings and other debt obligations illustrate the impact of the Company's adoption of ASU 2015-03 which required retrospective adoption and are not the result of a correction of an error. 
  
   86 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued) 
    
  The following table summarizes the impact of the corrections on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   December 31, 2014  : 

(1)    Originally reported amounts included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2014   filed on March 18, 2015. 
  (2)    Reported amounts included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 14, 2016. 
  (3)    The changes to borrowings and other debt obligations illustrate the impact of the Company's adoption of ASU 2015-03 which required retrospective adoption and are not the result of a correction of an error. 

87 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued)  
    
  The following table summarizes the impact of the corrections on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015  : 

(1)    Originally reported amounts included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015   filed on May 13, 2015. 
  (2)    Reported amounts included in Part II, Item 9B of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 14, 2016. 

88 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued)  
    
  The following table summarizes the impact of the corrections on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2014  : 

(1)    Originally reported amounts included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2014   filed on   May 15, 2014  . 
  (2)    Reported amounts included in Part II, Item 9B of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed on   April 14, 2016  . 

89 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued)  
    
  The following table reflects a summary of the impact of the corrections on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015  : 

(1)    Originally reported amounts included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015   filed on May 13, 2015. 
  (2)    Reported amounts included in Part II, Item 9B of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 14, 2016. 
    
  The following table reflects a summary of the impact of the corrections on the Company's Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2014  : 

(1)    Originally reported amounts included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2014   filed on May 15, 2014. 
  (2)    Reported amounts included in Part II, Item 9B of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 14, 2016. 

90 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued)  
    
  The following table reflects a summary of the impact of the corrections on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholder's Equity for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015  : 

(1)  Originally reported amounts included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015   filed on May 13, 2015. 
  (2)  Reported amounts included in Part II, Item 9B of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 14, 2016. 

91 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued)  
    
  The following table reflects a summary of the impact of the corrections on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholder's Equity for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2014  : 

(1)    Originally reported amounts included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2014   filed on May 15, 2015. 
  (2)    Reported amounts included in Part II, Item 9B of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 14, 2016. 

92 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued)  
    
  The following table summarizes the impact of the corrections on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015  : 

(1)    Originally reported amounts included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015   filed on May 13, 2015. 
  (2)    Reported amounts included in Part II, Item 9B of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 14, 2016. 
  
   93 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 

NOTE 18. RESTATEMENTS (continued)  
    
  The following table summarizes the impact of the corrections on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2014  : 

(1)    Originally reported amounts as included in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three-month period ended March 31, 2015 filed on May 13, 2015. 
  (2)    Reported amounts included in Part II, Item 9B of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 14, 2016. 

94 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY    
    
  Santander Holdings USA, Inc. ("SHUSA") is the parent company of Santander Bank, National Association, (the "Bank"), a national banking association, and owns approximately 61% of Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "SCUSA"), a consumer finance company focused on vehicle finance and personal lending products. SHUSA is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts and the Bank's main office is in Wilmington, Delaware. SHUSA is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Banco Santander, S.A. ("Santander").  
    
  The Bank's main office is in Wilmington, Delaware. The Bank, previously named Sovereign Bank, National Association, changed its name to Santander Bank, National Association on October 17, 2013. The Bank's principal markets are in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern United States. The Bank uses its deposits, as well as other financing sources, to fund its loan and investment portfolios. The Bank earns interest income on its loan and investment portfolios. In addition, the Bank generates non-interest income from a number of sources, including deposit and loan services, sales of loans and investment securities, capital markets products and bank-owned life insurance ("BOLI"). The principal non-interest expenses include employee compensation and benefits, occupancy and facility-related costs, technology and other administrative expenses. The volumes, and accordingly the financial results, of the Bank are affected by the economic environment, including interest rates and consumer and business confidence and spending, as well as the competitive conditions within the Bank's geographic footprint. 
    
  SCUSA is headquartered in Dallas, Texas, and its primary business is the indirect origination of retail installment contracts, principally through manufacturer-franchised dealers in connection with their sale of new and used vehicles to retail consumers. SCUSA also offers a full spectrum of auto financing products and services to Chrysler customers and dealers under the Chrysler Capital brand. These products and services include consumer retail installment contracts and leases, as well as dealer loans for inventory, construction, real estate, working capital and revolving lines of credit. SCUSA also originates vehicle loans through a web-based direct lending program, purchases vehicle retail installment contracts from other lenders, and services automobile and recreational and marine vehicle portfolios for other lenders. Additionally, SCUSA has several relationships through which it provides unsecured consumer loans, private-label credit cards and other consumer finance products. 
    
  On January 22, 2014, SCUSA's registration statement for an initial public offering ("IPO") of shares of its common stock (the  SCUSA Common Stock ), was declared effective by the SEC. Prior to the IPO, the Company owned approximately   65%   of the shares of SCUSA's common stock.  
    
  On January 28, 2014, the IPO was closed, and certain stockholders of SCUSA, including the Company and Sponsor Auto Finance Holdings Series LP ("Sponsor Holdings"), sold   85,242,042   shares of SCUSA Common Stock. Immediately following the IPO, the Company owned approximately   61%   of the shares of SCUSA Common Stock. In connection with these sales, certain board representation, governance and other rights granted to Dundon DFS, LLC ("DDFS") and Sponsor Holdings were terminated as a result of the reduction in DDFS and Sponsor Holdings  collective ownership of shares of SCUSA Common Stock below certain ownership thresholds, causing the first quarter 2014 change in control and consolidation of SCUSA (the "Change in Control.")  
    
  Prior to the Change in Control, the Company accounted for its investment in SCUSA under the equity method. Following the Change in Control, the Company consolidated the financial results of SCUSA in the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company s consolidation of SCUSA is treated as an acquisition of SCUSA by the Company in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 805 - Business Combinations (ASC 805). SCUSA Common Stock is now listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol "SC".  

95 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 
    
  Overview 
    
  During the first quarter of 2015, the U.S. economy grew slowly and market results signaled pessimism about the slow growth of the U.S. economy while unemployment dropped only slightly.  
    
  The unemployment rate in March 2015 improved to   5.5%  , down from   5.6%   at December 31, 2014 and   6.7%   one year ago. According to the U.S Bureau of Labor Statistics, the job growth is primarily attributed to the professional and business services, retail trade, and health care sectors.  
    
  Early indicators for first quarter results were generally positive, despite concerns in the first quarter about the slow growth of the economy, which were evident in market results. The total year-to-date returns for the following indices, based on closing prices, at   March 31, 2015   were: 

At its March 2015 meeting, the Federal Open Market Committee (the  FOMC ) announced its plans to maintain the Fed funds rate target at 0-.25%. and the targeted inflation rate at   2.0%  . While the federal funds rate has remained on target, the inflation rate remains just under   2.0%  . In late 2014, the FOMC also announced its plan to discontinue its agency mortgage backed securities ("MBS") and long-term Treasury securities purchase programs, citing "substantial improvement in the outlook for the labor market" and strength in the overall economy to support progress towards maximum employment and price stability. As of its March statement, the FOMC had not decided on timing for its initial increase in the target ranges for either measure, but calls an increase at its April 2015 meeting "unlikely."  
    
  The 10-year Treasury bond rate at the end of the first quarter was   1.93%  , down from   2.17%   at December 31, 2014 and   2.72%   at March 31, 2014. Over the past year, the 10 year Treasury bond rate decreased   79   basis points. Mortgage origination activity declined in the fourth quarter of 2014, down   7.4  % from the third quarter of 2014 and   14.7  % from the fourth quarter of 2013. Declines in fourth quarter origination activity are consistent with historical trends. At the time of filing this Form 10-Q, first quarter origination activity results were not available, but forecasts projected increased activity in Q1 2015 that would exceed origination activity of the first quarter of 2014.   
    
  Despite the trends in consumer mortgage origination, the most recent indicators show that commercial real estate and multifamily originations have increased compared with both the prior quarter and prior year. In addition, the ratio of non-performing loans ("NPLs") to total loans has declined for U.S. banks, with a decrease of   53.6  % from March 31, 2014 to December 31, 2014 evidence of improving credit quality and downward trends in general allowance reserves. First quarter 2015 data was not fully available at the time of issuance.  
    
  Changing market conditions are considered a significant risk factor to the Company. The continued low interest rate environment presents challenges in the growth of net interest income for the banking industry, which continues to rely on non-interest activities to support revenue growth. Changing market conditions and political uncertainty could have an overall impact on the Company's results of operations and financial condition. Such conditions could also impact the Company's credit risk, and the associated provision for credit losses and legal expense could increase. 
  
   96 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

European Exposure  
    
  Concerns about the European Union s sovereign debt and the future of the euro have caused uncertainty for financial markets globally. Other than borrowing agreements and related party transactions with Santander, as further described in the Financial Condition section of the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("MD A") Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company's exposure to European countries includes the following:  

The market value of the Company's European exposure at   March 31, 2015   was   $1.2 billion  . 

The market value of the Company's European exposure at   December 31, 2014   was   $1.3 billion  . 
    
  These investments are included within corporate debt securities discussed in Note 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company's total exposure to European entities   decreased     $34.9 million  , or   2.8%  , from   December 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  .  
    
  As of   March 31, 2015  , the Company had approximately   $247.1 million   of loans that were denominated in a currency other than the USD.  
    
  Overall, gross exposure to the foregoing countries was approximately   1.0%   of the Company's total assets as of   March 31, 2015  , and no more than 1% was to any given country or third party. The Company currently does not have credit protection on any of these exposures, nor does it provide lending services in Europe. The Company transacts with various European banks as counterparties to interest rate swaps and foreign currency transactions for its hedging and customer-related activities; however, these derivatives transactions are generally subject to master netting and collateral support agreements, which significantly limit the Company s exposure to loss.  
  
   97 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Management conducts periodic stress tests of our significant country risk exposures, analyzing the direct and indirect impacts on the risk of loss from various macroeconomic and capital markets scenarios. We do not have significant exposure to foreign country risks because our foreign portfolio is relatively small. However, we have identified exposure to increased loss from U.S. borrowers associated with the potential indirect impact of a European downturn on the U.S. economy. We mitigate these potential impacts through our normal risk management processes, which include active monitoring and, if necessary, the application of loss mitigation strategies. 
    
  Credit Rating Actions  
    
  The following table presents Moody's and Standard   Poor's ("S P") credit ratings for the Bank, SHUSA, Santander and the Kingdom of Spain as of   March 31, 2015  : 
                                       
    BANK 
      
    SHUSA 
      
    SANTANDER 
      
    SPAIN 
        
    Moody's 
    S P 
      
    Moody's 
    S P 
      
    Moody's 
    S P 
      
    Moody's 
    S P 
      LT Senior Debt 
    Baa1 
    BBB 
      
    Baa2 
    BBB 
      
    Baa1 
    BBB+ 
      
    Baa2 
    BBB 
      ST Deposits 
    P-2 
    A-2 
      
    P-2 
    A-2 
      
    P-2 
    A-2 
      
    P-2 
    A-2 
      Outlook 
    Stable 
    Stable 
      
    Negative 
    Stable 
      
    Stable 
    Stable 
      
    Positive 
    Stable 

In 2014, the ratings for the Company and the Bank were affirmed. SHUSA funds its operations independently of the other entities owned by Santander, and believes its business is not necessarily closely related to the business or outlook of other entities owned by Santander. During 2014, S P upgraded the long-term senior debt rating of Santander from BBB to BBB+. S P also upgraded the Kingdom of Spain's long-term debt rating from BBB- to BBB and short-term deposits rating from A-3 to A-2. Future adverse changes in the credit ratings of Santander or the Kingdom of Spain could also further adversely impact SHUSA's or its subsidiaries' credit ratings, and any other adverse change in the condition of Santander could adversely affect SHUSA. 
    
  On March 16, 2015 Moody's published its new bank rating methodology. On March 17, 2015 Moody's announced multiple rating actions following the publication of its new methodology. The rating actions affect 1,021 of 1,934 rated banking entities which include operating banks, holding companies, subsidiaries, special purpose issuance conduits, branches and other entities for which Moody's has assigned ratings to at least one debt class. Moody's noted that for most US banking entities their deposit ratings are on review for upgrade and their bank-level senior unsecured debt and issuer ratings are on review for downgrade. These rating actions reflect the Loss Given Failure component of Moody's new methodology. For the Bank, Moody's would upgrade its deposit rating by 2 notches (from Baa1 to A2) and downgrade its senior unsecured debt rating by 1 notch from Baa1 to Baa2. SHUSA's ratings were not placed under review by Moody's. 
    
  Santander's ratings from Moody's were also put under review on March 17, 2015 due to the new rating methodology. Moody's placed Santander's senior debt and deposit ratings on review for upgrade. 
    
  At this time, SCUSA is not rated by the major credit rating agencies.  
    
  The Bank estimates a one or two notch downgrade by either S P or Moody's would require the Bank to post up to an additional   $3.6 million   or   $5.6 million  , respectively, to comply with existing derivative agreements.  

REGULATORY MATTERS     
    
  The activities of the Company and the Bank are subject to regulation under various U.S. federal laws, including the Bank Holding Company Act, the Federal Reserve Act, the National Bank Act, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the Truth-in-Lending Act (which governs disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers), the Truth-in-Savings Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (the "ECOA"), the Fair Credit Reporting Act (which governs the provision of consumer information to credit reporting agencies and the use of consumer information), the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (which governs the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies), the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act (which requires financial institutions to provide certain information about home mortgage and refinanced loans), the Servicemember Civil Relief Act, the Unfair and Deceptive Practices Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, and the Electronic Funds Transfer Act (which governs automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers' rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services), as well as other federal and state laws.  

98 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

SCUSA is also subject to regulatory oversight from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ("Federal Reserve") for bank holding company ("BHC") regulatory purposes as SCUSA is a subsidiary of SHUSA.  
    
  Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("DFA") 
    
  On July 21, 2010, the DFA, which instituted major changes to the banking and financial institutions regulatory regimes in light of the recent performance of, and government intervention in, the financial services sector, was enacted. The DFA includes a number of provisions designed to promote enhanced supervision and regulation of financial companies and financial markets. The DFA introduced a substantial number of reforms that reshape the structure of the regulation of the financial services industry. Although the full impact of this legislation on the Company and the industry will not be known until these regulations are complete, which could take several years, the enhanced regulation has involved and will involve higher compliance costs and have negatively affected the Company's revenue and earnings. 
    
  More specifically, the DFA imposes heightened prudential requirements on BHCs with at least $50.0 billion in total consolidated assets (often referred to as  systemically important financial institutions ), which includes the Company, and requires the Federal Reserve to establish prudential standards for such BHCs that are more stringent than those applicable to other BHCs, including standards for risk-based requirements and leverage limits; heightened capital standards, including eliminating trust preferred securities as Tier 1 regulatory capital; enhanced risk-management requirements; and credit exposure reporting and concentration limits. These changes are expected to impact the profitability and growth of the Company.  
    
  The DFA mandates an enhanced supervisory framework, which means that the Company is subject to annual stress tests by the Federal Reserve, and the Company and the Bank are required to conduct semi-annual and annual stress tests, respectively, reporting results to the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC"). The Federal Reserve also has discretionary authority to establish additional prudential standards, on its own or at the Financial Stability Oversight Council's recommendation, regarding contingent capital, enhanced public disclosures, short-term debt limits, and otherwise as it deems appropriate.  
    
  Under the Durbin Amendment to the DFA, in June 2011 the Federal Reserve issued the final rule implementing debit card interchange fee and routing regulation. The final rule establishes standards for assessing whether debit card interchange fees received by debit card issuers are  reasonable and proportional  to the costs incurred by issuers for electronic debit transactions, and prohibits network exclusivity arrangements on debit cards to ensure merchants have choices in how debit card transactions are routed.  
    
  The DFA established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the "CFPB"), which has broad powers to set the requirements for the terms and conditions of financial products. This has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased compliance costs and reduced revenue. 
    
  In March 2013, the CFPB issued a bulletin recommending that indirect vehicle lenders, which include SCUSA, take steps to monitor and impose controls over dealer mark up policies whereby dealers charge consumers higher interest rates, with the markup shared between the dealer and the lender. Dealers are allowed to mark up interest rates by a maximum of 2.00%, but in October 2013 SCUSA reduced their maximum compensation (participation from 2.00% (industry practice) to 1.75%.) We believe this restriction removes the dealers' incentive to mark up rates beyond 1.75%. We plan to continue to evaluate this policy for effectiveness and may make further changes to strengthen oversight of dealers and markup. 
    
  The CFPB is also conducting supervisory audits of large vehicle lenders and has indicated it intends to study and take action with respect to possible ECOA  disparate impact  credit discrimination in indirect vehicle finance. If the CFPB enters into a consent decree with one or more lenders on disparate impact claims, it could negatively impact the business of the affected lenders, and potentially the business of dealers and other lenders in the vehicle finance market. This impact on dealers and lenders could increase SCUSA's regulatory compliance requirements and associated costs. On July 23, 2014, an automotive finance industry publication reported on complaints related to automotive finance institutions filed with the CFPB over the first half of 2014 compared to the prior year. SCUSA believes that the rise in CFPB complaints for SCUSA over the last year is attributable to portfolio growth, including its entire serviced portfolio (on- and off-book) and consumer credit quality. Based on an internal analysis, SCUSA believes that it was at fault in less than 6% of its CFPB complaints. SCUSA logs and investigates all complaints, and tracks each complaint until it is resolved or otherwise settled. 

99 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The Company routinely executes interest rate swaps for the management of its asset-liability mix, and also executes such swaps with its borrower clients. Under the DFA, the Bank is required to post collateral with certain of its counterparties and clearing exchanges. While clearing these financial instruments offers some benefits and additional transparency in valuation, the systems requirements for clearing execution add operational complexities to the business and accordingly increase operational risk exposure. 
    
  Provisions of the DFA relating to the applicability of state consumer protection laws to national banks, including the Bank, became effective in July 2011. Questions may arise as to whether certain state consumer financial laws that were previously preempted by federal law are no longer preempted as a result of these new provisions. Depending on how such questions are resolved, the Bank may experience an increase in state-level regulation of its retail banking business and additional compliance obligations, revenue impacts and costs. SCUSA already is subject to such state-level regulation. 
    
  The DFA and certain other legislation and regulations impose various restrictions on compensation of certain executive offers. Our ability to attract and/or retain talented personnel may be adversely affected by these restrictions.  
    
  Other requirements of the DFA include increases in the amount of deposit insurance assessments the Bank must pay; changes to the nature and levels of fees charged to consumers, which are negatively affecting the Bank's income; banning banking organizations from engaging in proprietary trading and restricting their sponsorship of, or investing in, hedge funds and private equity funds, subject to limited exceptions; and increasing regulation of the derivatives markets through measures that broaden the derivative instruments subject to regulation and requiring clearing and exchange trading as well as imposing additional capital and margin requirements for derivatives market participants, which will increase the cost of conducting this business. 
    
  Basel III 
    
  New and evolving capital standards, both as a result of the DFA and the implementation in the U.S. of Basel III, will have a significant effect on banks and BHCs, including SHUSA and the Bank. In July 2013, the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") and the OCC released final U.S. Basel III regulatory capital rules implementing the global regulatory capital reforms of Basel III. The final rules establish a comprehensive capital framework that includes both the advanced approaches for the largest internationally active U.S. banks, formerly known as Basel II, and a standardized approach that will apply to all banking organizations with over $500 million in assets. Subject to various transition periods, the rule became effective for the largest banks on January 1, 2014, and for all other banks on January 1, 2015. 
    
  The new rules narrow the definition of regulatory capital and establish higher minimum risk-based capital ratios that, when fully phased in, will require banking organizations, including SHUSA and the Bank, to maintain a minimum common equity tier 1 ("CET1") ratio of 4.5%, a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%, a total capital ratio of 8.0% and a minimum leverage ratio of 4%, calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets for the quarter. The effective date of these requirements for SHUSA and the Bank was January 1, 2015.  
    
  A capital conservation buffer of 2.5% above each of these levels (to be phased in over three years starting in 2016, beginning at 0.625% and increasing by that amount on each subsequent January 1, until it reaches 2.5% on January 1, 2019) will be required for banking institutions and BHCs to avoid restrictions on their ability to make capital distributions, including paying dividends.  
    
  The final framework provides for a number of new deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that mortgage servicing rights ("MSRs"), deferred tax assets dependent upon future taxable income and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities are deducted from CET1 to the extent any one such category exceeds 10% of CET1 or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15% of CET1. Implementation of the deductions and other adjustments to CET1 for SHUSA and the Bank is to begin on January 1, 2015 and be phased in over three years. 

100 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

As of March 31, 2015, the Bank's and SHUSA's CET1 ratio under Basel III, on a fully phased-in basis under the standardized approach, were 13.34% and 11.08%, respectively. Under the transitions provided under Basel III, the Bank's and SHUSA's CET1 ratio under the standardized approach, were   13.78%  and   12.06%  , respectively. The calculation of the CET1 ratio under both a fully phased in and transition basis is based on management's interpretation of the final rules adopted by the Federal Reserve in July 2013. As part of the implementation of any regulations, Management interprets the rules in order to implement the new regulations. If the regulators would interpret the rules differently, there could be an impact to the results of the calculation which may have a negative impact to the calculation of CET1. As mentioned above, the minimum required CET1 ratio is comprised of the 4.5% minimum and the 2.5% conservation buffer. On that basis, we believe that, as of March 31, 2015, the Company would remain above regulatory minimums under the currently enacted capital adequacy requirements of Basel III, including when implemented on a fully phased-in basis. 
    
  See the Bank Regulatory Capital section of this MD A for the Company's ratios under Basel III standards. The implementation of certain regulations and standards relating to regulatory capital could disproportionately affect our regulatory capital position relative to that of our competitors, including those that may not be subject to the same regulatory requirements as the Company. 
    
  Historically, regulation and monitoring of bank and BHC liquidity has been addressed as a supervisory matter, both in the U.S. and internationally, without required formulaic measures. The Basel III liquidity framework will require banks and BHCs to measure their liquidity against specific liquidity tests that, although similar in some respects to liquidity measures historically applied by banks and regulators for management and supervisory purposes, will be required by regulation going forward. One test, referred to as the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR"), is designed to ensure that a banking entity maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets ("HQLA") equal to its expected net cash outflow for a 30-day time horizon. The other, referred to as the net stable funding ratio ("NSFR"), is designed to promote more medium and long-term funding of the assets and activities of banking entities over a one-year time horizon. 
    
  On October 24, 2013, the Federal Reserve, FDIC, and OCC issued a proposal to implement the Basel III LCR for certain internationally active banks and nonbank financial companies and a modified version of the LCR for certain depository institution holding companies that are not internationally active. On September 3, 2014, the agencies approved the final LCR rule. The agencies stressed that LCR is a key component in their effort to strengthen the liquidity soundness of the U.S. financial sector and is used to complement the broader liquidity regulatory framework and supervisory process such as Enhanced Prudential Standards ("EPS") and Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review ("CCAR"). The agencies have mandated a phased implementation approach where the most globally important covered companies (more than $700 billion in assets) and large regionals ($250 billion to $700 billion in assets) are required to report their LCR calculation beginning January 1, 2015. Smaller covered companies (more than $50 billion in assets) such as SHUSA are required to report their LCR calculation monthly beginning January 1, 2016. Based on management's interpretation of the final rule that will be effective on January 1, 2016, SHUSA's LCR was in excess of the regulatory minimum of 90% which will increase to 100% on January 1, 2017.  
    
  On October 31, 2014, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision issued the final standard for the NSFR. The NSFR requires banks to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their on- and off-balance sheet activities, thus reducing the likelihood that disruptions to a bank's regular sources of funding will erode its liquidity position in a way that could increase the risk of its failure and potentially lead to broader systemic stress. NSFR will become a minimum standard by January 1, 2018.  
    
  The U.S. notice of proposed rule-making on NSFR is expected to be published in 2015. 
    
  Stress Tests and Capital Adequacy  
    
  Pursuant to the DFA, as part of the Federal Reserve's annual CCAR, certain banks and BHCs, including the Company and the Bank, are required to perform stress tests and submit capital plans to the Federal Reserve and the OCC on an annual basis, and receive a notice of non-objection to those capital plans from the Federal Reserve and the OCC before taking capital actions, such as paying dividends, implementing common equity repurchase programs, or redeeming or repurchasing capital instruments. As a consolidated subsidiary of SHUSA, SCUSA is included in our stress tests and capital plans. On March 26, 2014, the Federal Reserve announced that, based on qualitative concerns, it objected to the 2014 period capital plans. The Federal Reserve did not object to SHUSA s payment of dividends on its outstanding class of preferred stock. 

101 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

On May 1, 2014, the Board of Directors of SCUSA declared the May SCUSA Dividend. The Federal Reserve informed SHUSA on May 22, 2014 that it does not object to SCUSA's payment of the May SCUSA Dividend, provided that Santander contribute at least $20.9 million of capital to SHUSA prior to such payment, so that SHUSA's consolidated capital position would be unaffected by the May SCUSA dividend. The Federal Reserve also informed SHUSA that, until the Federal Reserve issues a non-objection to SHUSA's capital plan, any future SCUSA dividend will require prior receipt of a written non-objection from the Federal Reserve. On May 28, 2014, SHUSA issued 84,000 shares of its common stock, no par value per share, to Santander in exchange for cash in the amount of $21 million.  
    
  On September 15, 2014, the Company entered into a written agreement with the Federal Reserve Bank (the "FRB") of Boston and the Federal Reserve. Under the terms of the written agreement, the Company must serve as a source of strength to the Bank; strengthen Board oversight of planned capital distributions by the Company and its subsidiaries; and not declare or pay, and not permit any non-bank subsidiary that is not wholly-owned by the Company to declare or pay, any dividends and not make, or permit any such subsidiary to make, any capital distribution, in each case without the prior written approval of the FRB of Boston. 
    
  On March 11, 2015, the Federal Reserve announced that SHUSA received an objection from the FRB to the 2015 capital plan SHUSA submitted on January 5, 2015. The FRB objected to SHUSA s capital plan on qualitative grounds due to significant deficiencies in SHUSA s capital planning process. Subject to the restrictions outlined above with respect to the 2014 written agreement, the FRB did not object to SHUSA s payment of dividends on its outstanding class of preferred stock. The FRB did object to the requested payment of dividends on SCUSA Common Stock. 
    
  Enhanced Prudential Standards for Liquidity 
    
  On February 18, 2014, the Federal Reserve approved the final rule implementing certain of the EPS mandated by Section 165 of the DFA (the "Final Rule"). The Final Rule applies the EPS to (i) U.S. BHCs with $50 billion (and in some cases $10 billion) or more in total consolidated assets and (ii) foreign banking organizations ("FBOs") with a U.S. banking presence, through branches, agencies or depository institutions exceeding $50 billion in consolidated U.S. non-branch assets. The Final Rule implements, as new requirements for U.S. BHCs, Section 165 s risk management requirements (including requirements, duties and qualifications for a risk management committee and chief risk officer), liquidity stress testing and buffer requirements. U.S. BHCs with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more on June 30, 2014 are subject to the liquidity requirements as of January 1, 2015. 
    
  Foreign Banking Organizations  
    
  On February 18, 2014, the Federal Reserve issued the Final Rule to strengthen regulatory oversight of FBOs. Under the Final Rule, FBOs with global assets of $50 billion or more and U.S. non-branch assets of $10 billion or more must consolidate U.S. subsidiary activities under a U.S. intermediate holding company ("IHC"). In addition, the Final Rule requires U.S. BHCs and FBOs with at least $50 billion in total U.S. consolidated non-branch assets to be subject to EPS, heightened capital, liquidity, risk management, and stress testing requirements. Due to both its global and U.S. non-branch total consolidated asset size, Santander is subject to both of the above provisions of the Final Rule. As a result of this rule, Santander could be required to transfer its U.S. non-bank subsidiaries currently outside of the Company to the Company, which would become an IHC, or establish a top-tier IHC structure that would include all of its U.S. bank and non-bank subsidiaries. As required under the Final Rule, the Company submitted its IHC implementation plan to the Federal Reserve on December 31, 2014. A phased-in approach is being used for the standards and requirements at both the FBO and the IHC. As a U.S. BHC with more than $50 billion in total consolidated assets, the Company was subject to EPS as of January 1, 2015. The IHC must be formed, with all but 10% of the non-BHC assets included, by July 1, 2016. Other standards of the Final Rule will be phased in through January 1, 2018. 
    
  Bank Regulations    
    
  As a national bank, the Bank is subject to the OCC's regulations under the National Bank Act. The various laws and regulations administered by the OCC for national banks affect corporate practices and impose certain restrictions on activities and investments to ensure that the Bank operates in a safe and sound manner. These laws and regulations also require the Bank to disclose substantial business and financial information to the OCC and the public. 

102 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act  
    
  Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with individuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law.  
    
  The following activities are disclosed in response to Section 13(r) with respect to affiliates of Santander U.K. plc ("Santander U.K.") within the Santander group.  
    
  During the period covered by this quarterly report:  

Santander UK holds frozen savings and current accounts for two customers resident in the U.K. who are currently designated by the U.S. for terrorism. The accounts held by each customer were blocked after the customer's designation and have remained blocked and dormant throughout the first quarter of 2015. No revenue has been generated by Santander UK on these accounts. 
                
    An Iranian national, resident in the U.K., who is currently designated by the U.S. under the Iranian Financial Sanctions Regulations and the Weapons of Mass Destruction Proliferators ("NPWMD") designation, holds a mortgage with Santander U.K. that was issued prior to any such designation. No further draw-down has been made (or would be allowed) under this mortgage, although Santander U.K. continues to receive repayment installments. In the first quarter of 2015, total revenue in connection with this mortgage was approximately  800, while net profits were negligible relative to the overall profits of Santander U.K. Santander U.K. does not intend to enter into any new relationships with this customer, and any disbursements will only be made in accordance with applicable sanctions. The same Iranian national also holds two investment accounts with Santander Asset Management UK Limited. The accounts have remained frozen during the first quarter of 2015. The investment returns are being automatically reinvested, and no disbursements have been made to the customer. Total revenue for the Santander group in connection with the investment accounts was approximately  70 while net profits in the first quarter of 2015 were negligible relative to the overall profits of Santander. 
       
  In addition, the Santander group has certain legacy export credits and performance guarantees with Bank Mellat, which are included in the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List. Santander entered into two bilateral credit facilities in February 2000 in an aggregate principal amount of  25.9 million. Both credit facilities matured in 2012. In addition, in 2005 Santander participated in a syndicated credit facility for Bank Mellat of  15.5 million, which matures on July 6, 2015. As of   March 31, 2015  , Santander was owed  1.8 million under this credit facility.  
    
  Santander has not been receiving payments from Bank Mellat under any of these credit facilities in recent years. Santander has been and expects to continue to be repaid any amounts due by official export credit agencies, which insure between 95% and 99% of the outstanding amounts under these credit facilities. No funds have been extended by Santander under these facilities since they were granted. 
    
  The Santander group also has certain legacy performance guarantees for the benefit of Bank Sepah and Bank Mellat (stand-by letters of credit to guarantee the obligations - either under tender documents or under contracting agreements - of contractors who participated in public bids in Iran) that were in place prior to April 27, 2007. However, should any of the contractors default in their obligations under the public bids, the Santander group would not be able to pay any amounts due to Bank Sepah or Bank Mellat because any such payments would be frozen pursuant to Council Regulation (EU) No. 961/2010. 
    
  In the aggregate, all of the transactions described above resulted in approximately  8,300 in gross revenues and approximately  45,000 net loss to the Santander group in the first quarter of 2015, all of which resulted from the performance of export credit agencies rather than any Iranian entity. The Santander group has undertaken significant steps to withdraw from the Iranian market such as closing its representative office in Iran and ceasing all banking activities therein, including correspondent relationships, deposit taking from Iranian entities and issuing export letters of credit, except for the legacy transactions described above. The Santander group is not contractually permitted to cancel these arrangements without either (i) paying the guaranteed amount - which payment would be frozen as explained above (in the case of the performance guarantees), or (ii) forfeiting the outstanding amounts due to it (in the case of the export credits). Accordingly, the Santander group intends to continue to provide the guarantees and hold these assets in accordance with company policy and applicable laws.  
  
   103 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion reviews the Company's financial performance and position from a consolidated perspective. Key statement of operations line items and trends are discussed in the section "Results of Operations". Key consolidated balance sheet trends are discussed in the "Financial Condition" section.  
    
  As discussed further in Note 18 of the Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contained in this Form 10-Q/A, we are restating herein our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 and 2014. The following discussion has been updated to reflect the effects of the restatement. 
    
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE   THREE-MONTH PERIODS ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 AND 2014    

The Company reported pre-tax income of   $163.8 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to pretax income of   $2.9 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014  . Factors contributing to this decrease were as follows: 

Net interest income increased   $457.4 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This was primarily due to the increase in interest income on retail installment contracts and auto loan portfolios resulting from new originations.  

The provision for credit losses increased   $742.8 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This is primarily due to new originations in the loan portfolio that is held by the Company.  

Total non-interest income decreased   $2.2 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding periods in   2014  . The decrease was primarily due to the one-time net gain recognized in   2014   related to the Change in Control. 

Total general and administrative expenses increased   $245.3 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  , primarily due to increased loan and lease expense, as well as outside services.  

Other expenses decreased   $0.8 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This is primarily due to a decrease in debt repurchase expenses. Much of this decrease was offset by an increase in amortization expense of intangible assets due to three months of amortization in 2015 compared to two months of amortization in 2014. 

The income tax provision decreased   $1.0 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in 2014. The decrease was due to lower taxable income in the current period. 
     
   104 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

(1) 
    Average balances are based on daily averages when available. When daily averages are unavailable, mid-month averages are substituted. 
              (2) 
    Interest on loans includes amortization of premiums and discounts on purchased loan portfolios and amortization of deferred loan fees, net of origination costs. Average loan balances includes non-accrual loans and loans held-for-sale ("LHFS"). 
              (3) 
    Other consumer primarily includes recreational vehicles ("RV") and marine loans.  
              (4) 
    Refer to Note 5 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
              (5) 
    Other assets primarily includes goodwill and intangibles, premise and equipment, net deferred tax assets, equity method investments, BOLI, accrued interest receivable, derivative assets, miscellaneous receivables, prepaid expenses and MSRs. Refer to Note 9 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
              (6) 
    Refer to Note 10 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
              (7) 
    Other liabilities primarily includes accounts payable and accrued expenses, derivative liabilities, net deferred tax liabilities and the unfunded lending commitments liability.  
              (8) 
    Represents the difference between the yield on total earning assets and the cost of total funding liabilities. 
              (9) 
    Represents annualized, taxable equivalent net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 

105 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

NET INTEREST INCOME 

Net interest income increased   $457.4 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This was primarily due to the interest income earned on growth in the retail installment contracts and auto loan portfolio, offset by an increase in interest expense on debt obligations due to one additional month of interest expense on SCUSA's debt obligations in 2015 compared with 2014.  
    
  Interest Income on Investment Securities and Interest-Earning Deposits  
    
  Interest income on investment securities and interest-earning deposits increased   $27.0 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The average balance of investment securities and interest-earning deposits for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   was   $18.7 billion   with an average yield of   2.27%  , compared to average balances of   $15.4 billion   with an average yield of   2.09%   for the corresponding period in   2014  . Overall, the increase in interest income on investment securities was primarily attributable to the increased interest from MBS and increased dividends on Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") stock.  
    
  Interest Income on Loans  
    
  Interest income on loans increased   $475.2 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The increase in interest income on loans was primarily due to the growth of the retail installment contract, auto loan and unsecured loan portfolios resulting from new originations. Interest income on the retail installment contract and auto loan portfolios and the unsecured loans portfolio increased   $411.1 million   and   $73.0 million  , respectively, for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . 
    
  The average balance of total loans was   $77.1 billion   with an average yield of   9.37%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $65.5 billion   with an average yield of   8.14%   for the corresponding period in   2014  . The increase in the average balance of total loans was primarily due to the growth of the retail installment contract and auto loan portfolios, as well as the personal unsecured loans portfolio. The average balance of retail installment contracts and auto loans, which comprised a majority of the increase, was   $23.1 billion   with an average yield of   20.07%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $13.7 billion   with an average yield of   21.89%   for the corresponding period in   2014  . 
    
  Interest Expense on Deposits and Related Customer Accounts  
    
  Interest expense on deposits and related customer accounts increased   $14.4 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The average balance of total interest-bearing deposits was   $45.7 billion   with an average cost of   0.55%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   compared to an average balance of   $41.6 billion   with an average cost of   0.47%   for the corresponding period in   2014  . The increase in interest expense on deposits and customer-related accounts during the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015   was primarily due to the increase in the volume of deposit accounts, along with a slight increase in average interest rates. 
  
   106 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Interest Expense on Borrowed Funds  
    
  Interest expense on borrowed funds increased   $30.3 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The increase in interest expense on borrowed funds was due to a   $11.7 billion   increase in average borrowings for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . In January, the Company held a debt offering and issued   $1.0 billion   in senior notes, which contributed to the increase. This was offset by a decrease in the average cost of interest on borrowed funds. The average balance of total borrowings was   $39.1 billion   with an average cost of   2.21%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to an average balance of   $27.4 billion   with an average cost of   2.70%   for the corresponding period in   2014  .  

PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
    
  The provision for credit losses is based on credit loss experience, growth or contraction of specific segments of the loan portfolio, and the estimate of losses inherent in the portfolio. The provision for credit losses for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   was   $1.1 billion  , compared to   $310.9 million   for the corresponding period in   2014  . The increase in the provision can be attributed to the continued retail installment contracts and auto loans portfolio growth in the first quarter of   2015  . 
    
  The following table presents the activity in the allowance for credit losses ("ACL") for the periods indicated: 

(1) 
    The provision for credit losses in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations is the sum of the total provision for loan losses and provision for unfunded lending commitments. 

107 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The Company's net charge-offs increased for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  , primarily related to growth in the retail installment contracts and auto loan portfolios, and the corresponding net charge-offs for that portfolio. Net charge-offs in the commercial portfolio decreased for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. The ratio of net loan charge-offs to average total loans was   0.6%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   0.1%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014  . Commercial loan net charge-offs as a percentage of average commercial loans, including multi-family loans, decreased to less than   0.1%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   0.1%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014  . Consumer loan net charge-offs as a percentage of average consumer loans increased to   1.1%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   0.2%   for the corresponding period in the prior year. The increase in consumer charge-offs is primarily due to the activity associated with the Change in Control being fully reflective for the three-month period ended March 31, 2015 compared to the three-month period ended March 31, 2014. 

NON-INTEREST INCOME 

Total non-interest income decreased   $2.2 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The decrease was primarily due to the one-time gain recognized in 2014 related to the Change in Control.  
    
  Consumer Fees  
    
  Consumer fees increased   $17.7 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The increase was primarily due to the increase in servicing fees that are associated with the Company's growing retail installment contract and auto loan portfolio. 
    
  Commercial Fees  
    
  Commercial fees decreased   $0.3 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The decrease was primarily due to lower commercial deposit fees, offset by higher fees from commercial letters of credit. 

108 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Mortgage Banking Revenue  

Mortgage banking income consisted of fees associated with servicing loans not held by the Company, as well as originations, amortization, and changes in the fair value of MSRs and recourse reserves. Mortgage banking income also includes gains or losses on the sale of mortgage loans, home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, and MBS. Lastly, gains or losses on mortgage banking derivative and hedging transactions are also included in Mortgage banking income.  
    
  Mortgage banking revenue increased   $4.9 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This change was primarily due to an increase in the gains from hedging activities and the increase in the gains on sales of residential mortgage loans. These gains were partially offset by a decline in the fair value of MSRs, a principal reduction in MSRs, and a decrease in net gains on the sale of multi-family mortgage loans. 
    
  Since mid-2013, mortgage interest rates have remained relatively stable, resulting in relative stability in mortgage banking fee fluctuations from rate changes.  
    
  The following table details certain residential mortgage rates for the Bank as of the dates indicated: 

Other factors, such as portfolio sales, servicing, and re-purchases have continued to affect mortgage banking revenue. 
    
  Mortgage and multifamily servicing fees increased   $0.4 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . At   March 31, 2015   and   March 31, 2014  , the Company serviced mortgage and multifamily real estate loans for the benefit of others totaling   $2.7 billion   and   $3.2 billion  , respectively.  
    
  Net gains on sales of residential mortgage loans and related securities increased   $3.0 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . For the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , the Company sold   $365.6 million   of loans for gains of   $6.2 million  , compared to   $192.1 million   of loans sold for gains of   $3.2 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014  . 

109 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The Company periodically sells qualifying mortgage loans to the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("FHLMC"), Government National Mortgage Association and Federal National Mortgage Association ("FNMA") in return for MBS issued by those agencies. The Company records these transactions as sales when the transfers meet all of the accounting criteria for a sale. For those loans sold to the agencies for which the Company retains the servicing rights, the Company recognizes the servicing rights at fair value. These loans are also generally sold with standard representation and warranty provisions, which the Company recognizes at fair value. Any difference between the carrying value of the transferred mortgage loans and the fair value of MBS, servicing rights, and representation and warranty reserves is recognized as gain or loss on sale. 
    
  Net gains on sales of multi-family mortgage loans was decreased   $5.4 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The decrease is primarily due to a   $5.0 million   release in the FNMA recourse reserve.  
    
  The Company previously sold multi-family loans in the secondary market to FNMA while retaining servicing. In September 2009, the Bank elected to stop selling multi-family loans to FNMA and, since that time, has retained all production for the multi-family loan portfolio. Under the terms of the multi-family sales program with FNMA, the Company retained a portion of the credit risk associated with those loans. As a result of that agreement, the Company retains a 100% first loss position on each multi-family loan sold to FNMA under the program until the earlier to occur of (i) the aggregate approved losses on the multi-family loans sold to FNMA reaching the maximum loss exposure for the portfolio as a whole or (ii) all of the loans sold to FNMA under the program are fully paid off. 
    
  At   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the Company serviced   $2.4 billion   and   $2.6 billion  , respectively, of loans for FNMA. These loans had a credit loss exposure of   $152.8 million   as of both   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively, and losses, if any, resulting from representation and warranty defaults would be in addition to the credit loss exposure. The servicing asset for these loans has completely amortized.  
    
  The Company has established a liability related to the fair value of the retained credit exposure for multi-family loans sold to FNMA. This liability represents the amount the Company estimates it would have to pay a third party to assume the retained recourse obligation. The estimated liability represents the present value of the estimated losses the portfolio is projected to incur based upon internal specific information and an industry-based default curve with a range of estimated losses. As of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the Company had a liability of   $35.8 million   and   $40.7 million  , respectively, related to the fair value of the retained credit exposure for loans sold to FNMA under this program. 
    
  Net gains/(losses) on hedging activities increased   $11.1 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This gain was primarily due to our hedging strategy in the current mortgage rate environment and the increase in the mortgage loan pipeline. 
    
  Net gains/(losses) from changes in MSR fair value resulted in a loss of   $7.0 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to a loss of   $4.5 million   to the corresponding period in   2014  . The carrying value of the related MSRs at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014   were   $135.5 million   and   $145.0 million  , respectively. The MSR asset fair value decrease for the   three-month period ended   March 31, 2015 was the result of decreased interest rates. 
    
  MSR principal reductions were  $6.1 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $4.4 million   in the corresponding period in   2014  , due to an increase in prepayments and mortgage refinancing.  
    
  Equity Method Investments  
    
  The Company recognized a decrease of   $26.8 million   on equity method investments for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  . The decrease in equity method investment was due to the Change in Control, which resulted in accounting for SCUSA as a consolidated subsidiary beginning January 28, 2014.  
    
  Bank-Owned Life Insurance  
    
  BOLI income represents fluctuations in the cash surrender value of life insurance policies on certain employees. The Bank is the beneficiary and the recipient of the insurance proceeds. Income from BOLI decreased   $1.2 million  , for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  .  
  
   110 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Lease income 
    
  Lease income increased   $224.3 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This increase was primarily due to the continued growth of the Company's lease portfolio.  
    
  Net gain recognized in earnings 
    
  Net gains recognized in earnings decreased   $2.4 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The decrease was primarily due to the one-time gain that the Company recognized in connection with the Change of Control of SCUSA during the first quarter of 2014. For additional information on the Change in Control, see Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
  The Company recognized   $9.6 million   and   $1.9 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   March 31, 2014   in gains on sale of investment securities as a result of overall balance sheet and interest rate risk management. The net gain realized for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   was primarily comprised of the sale of state and municipal securities with a book value of   $305.4 million   for a gain of   $9.2 million  . The net gain realized for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014   was primarily due to the sale of corporate debt securities with a book value of   $134.1 million   for a gain of   $1.9 million  . 
    
  Miscellaneous Income 
    
  Miscellaneous income decreased   $47.6 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding periods in   2014  . This was primarily due to the decrease of   $14.0 million   in capital markets revenue in the first three months of 2015.  

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

Total general and administrative expenses increased   $245.3 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . Factors contributing to this increase were as follows:  
    
  Compensation and benefits expense increased   $0.4 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This increase was primarily due to the Company's investment in personnel through increased salary, headcount, and bonuses. 
    
  Occupancy and equipment expenses increased   $8.3 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This increase was primarily due to the increase in office occupancy costs related to increased headcount along with higher building maintenance expenses throughout the Company. 
    
  Outside services increased   $12.4 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The increase was primarily due to the   $16.2 million   increase in consulting service fees that relates to finance-related initiatives, including preparation for meeting the requirements of the IHC Final Rules. The increase was offset by a decrease in outside processing services. 
  
   111 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Loan expense increased   $25.0 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This increase was primarily due to higher collection expenses associated with the growing retail installment contracts portfolio. 
    
  Lease expense increased     $179.5 million     for the     three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . This increase was primarily due to the continued growth of the Company's lease portfolio. 
    
  Other administrative expenses increased   $17.6 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The primary cause was a   $6.6 million   increase in legal fees recognized during the quarter as part of the settlement of certain open legal matters and a   $6.4 million   increase in non-income related tax expenses. 

OTHER EXPENSES 

Total other expenses decreased   $0.8 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The primary factors contributing to this increase were:  
    
  Amortization of intangibles increased   $4.8 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The increase was primarily due to the addition of intangible assets in the first quarter of 2014 as a result of the Change in Control. 
    
  Deposit insurance premiums increased   $1.4 million   for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015  , compared to   2014  . This was primarily due to an increase in the average asset levels, offset by lower FDIC insurance premium rates and assessments than in the corresponding period in   2014  . 
    
  There were no debt repurchases during the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015   compared to   $3.6 million   of such expense in the corresponding period in   2014  .  
    
  There were no impairments of long-lived assets during the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015   compared to   $3.3 million   of impairment on capitalized software during the corresponding period in   2014  .  
    
  The Company incurred an investment expense on affordable housing projects of   $49.0 thousand   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  . This expense was related to low income housing tax credit investments. 
  
   112 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

LINE OF BUSINESS RESULTS 
    
  General 
    
  Since the Original Filing of the March 31, 2015 Form 10-Q, certain management and business line changes became effective as the Company reorganized its management reporting in order to improve its structure and focus to better align management teams and resources with the business goals of the Company and provide enhanced customer service to its clients. Accordingly, the following changes were made within the Company's reportable segments to provide greater focus on each of its core businesses:  

The small business banking, commercial business banking, and auto leasing lines of business formerly included in the Auto Finance and Business Banking reportable segment, were combined with the Consumer and Business Banking reportable segment. 
                
    The Real Estate and Commercial reportable segment was split into the Commercial Real Estate reportable segment and the Commercial Banking reportable segment.  
                
    The CEVF and dealer floor plan lines of business, formerly included in the Auto Finance   Business Banking reportable segment, were moved to the Commercial Banking business unit.  
                
    The internal FTP guidelines and methodologies were revised to align with Santander corporate criteria for internal management reporting. These FTP changes impact all reporting segments, excluding SC. 
       
  All prior period results have been recast to conform to the new composition of these reportable segments. 
    
  The Company's segments consist of   Consumer and Business Banking  ,   Commercial Banking  ,   Commercial Real Estate  ,   Global Corporate Banking   and SCUSA at   March 31, 2015  . For additional information with respect to the Company's reporting segments, see Note 17 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Results Summary 
    
  Consumer and Business Banking    
    
  Net interest income   increased     $0.6 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The average balance of the   Consumer and Business Banking   segment's gross loans was   $17.6 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $20.6 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  . The average balance of deposits was   $39.1 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $38.4 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  . Total non-interest income   increased     $60.6 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The provision for credit losses   decreased     $6.3 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . Total expenses   increased     $70.5 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  .   
    
  Total assets for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015   were   $22.4 billion  , compared to   $21.3 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  . This decrease was primarily driven by decreases within the mortgage loan portfolio. 
    
   Commercial Banking 
    
  Net interest income   increased     $7.7 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . Total average gross loans were   $10.0 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $8.2 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  , driven by growth in the dealer lending and CEVF business lines. Total non-interest income   increased     $0.2 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The provision for credit losses   increased     $18.9 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . Total expenses   increased     $9.0 million   for the   three-month period ended     2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . 
    
  Total assets were   $15.5 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $13.6 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  . Total average deposits were   $8.8 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $7.2 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  . 

113 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Commercial Real Estate 
    
  Net interest income   increased     $9.5 million   during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The average balance of this segment's gross loans decreased to   $14.0 billion   during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $14.3 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  . The average balance of deposits remained at   $0.8 billion   during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $0.8 billion   during the corresponding period in   2014  . Total non-interest income   decreased     $4.9 million   during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The provision for credit losses was   $10.8 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to a release of credit provisions of   $1.1 million   for the corresponding period of   2014  . Total expenses   decreased     $1.6 million   during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  .  
    
  Total assets which includes the related ACL were   $14.0 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $14.5 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  .  
    
  Global Corporate Banking 
    
  Net interest income   increased     $8.4 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The average balance of this segment's gross loans was   $8.6 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $6.9 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  . The average balance of deposits was   $1.5 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $1.1 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  . Total non-interest income   decreased     $6.8 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The provision for credit losses   increased     $0.3 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . Total expenses   increased     $2.4 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  .  
    
  Total assets were   $11.8 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $8.8 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  .  
    
  Other  
    
  Net interest income   decreased     $9.8 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period of the preceding year. Total non-interest income   decreased     $3.6 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . The provision for credit losses was $31.1 million for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to a provision of   $8.9 million   during the corresponding period in   2014  . Total expenses   increased     $16.6 million   during the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015   compared to the corresponding period in   2014  .  
    
  Total assets were   $25.6 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $22.1 billion   for the corresponding period of the prior year. 
    
  SCUSA 
    
  From December 2011 until January 28, 2014, SCUSA was accounted for as an equity method investment. In 2014, SCUSA's results of operations were consolidated with SHUSA. SCUSA is managed as a separate business unit, with its own systems and processes, and is reported as a separate segment. For more information, see Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Net interest income   increase  d   $86.2 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period of the prior year. Total non-interest income   increase  d   $125.2 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . These increases in income are primarily attributable to increases in loans and total assets during the year. A one-time gain on change in control of   $2.4 billion   occurred in   2014   due to the consolidation of SCUSA. The provision for credit losses increased   $65.3 million   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  . Total expenses   increase  d   $4.0 million   during the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015  , compared to the corresponding period in   2014  .  
    
  Total assets were   $34.1 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $29.0 billion   for the corresponding period of the prior year. 
  
   114 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

INCOME TAX PROVISION 
    
  An income tax provision of   $36.9 million   was recorded for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   $1.1 billion   for the corresponding period in   2014  . This resulted in an effective tax rate of   22.5%   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , compared to   36.0%   for the corresponding period in   2014  . The lower tax rate in 2015 was primarily due to the deferred tax expense recorded on the book gain resulting from the Change in Control recognized during the first quarter of 2014.  
    
  The Company's effective tax rate in future periods will be affected by the results of operations allocated to the various tax jurisdictions in which the Company operates, any change in income tax laws or regulations within those jurisdictions, and interpretations of income tax regulations that differ from the Company's interpretations by tax authorities that examine tax returns filed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

LOAN PORTFOLIO 
    
  The Company's loan portfolio   (1)    consisted of the following at the dates provided: 

(1) Includes LHFS 
    
  Commercial loans (excluding multi-family loans)   increased   approximately   $1.8 billion  , or   6.6%  , from   December 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  , and   increased     $4.8 billion  , or   19.4%  , from   March 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  . The increases from December 31, 2014 and   March 31, 2014   were primarily due to organic large loan originations in the commercial and industrial line of business. 
    
  Multi-family loans   decreased     $153.0 million  , or   1.8%  , from   December 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  , and   decreased     $813.0 million  , or   8.7%  , from   March 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  . The decreases from December 31, 2014 and March 31, 2014 were primarily due to paydowns and runoff activity during the period. 
  
   115 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Consumer loans secured by real estate, including LHFS,   increased     $10.0 million  , or   0.1%  , from   December 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  , and   decreased     $2.6 billion  , or   16.6%  , from   March 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  . The primary drivers of the decrease from March 31, 2014 were residential mortgage loan securitization transactions of approximately   $2.1 billion  , as well as the NPL sale of approximately   $484.2 million  , both of which occurred in 2014. 
    
  The consumer loan portfolio not secured by real estate   increased     $1.8 billion  , or   7.0%  , from   December 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  , and   increased     $4.1 billion  , or   16.9%  , from   March 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  . The increases from December 31, 2014 and March 31, 2014 were primarily due to loan origination growth within the retail installment contract and auto loans portfolio. 

NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 
    
  Non-performing assets decreased during the period, to   $1.5 billion  , or   1.2%   of total assets, at   March 31, 2015  , compared to   $1.8 billion  , or   1.5%   of total assets, at   December 31, 2014  , primarily due to a decrease in NPLs in the retail installment contract and auto loan portfolio. 
    
  Non-performing assets consist of non-performing loans and leases, which represent loans and leases no longer accruing interest, other real estate owned properties, and other repossessed assets. When interest accruals are suspended, accrued but uncollected interest income is reversed, with accruals charged against earnings. The Company generally places all commercial loans and consumer loans secured by real estate on nonaccrual status at 90 days past due for interest, principal or maturity, or earlier if it is determined that the collection of principal or interest on the loan is in doubt. For certain individual portfolios, including the retail installment contract portfolio, nonaccrual status may begin at 60 days past due. Personal unsecured loans, including credit cards, generally continue to accrue interest until they are 180 days delinquent, at which point they are charged-off and all accrued but uncollected interest is removed from interest income.  
    
  In general, when the borrower's ability to make required interest and principal payments has resumed and collectability is no longer believed to be in doubt, the loan or lease is returned to accrual status. Generally, commercial loans categorized as nonaccrual remain in nonaccrual status until the payment status is current and an event occurs that fully remediates the impairment or the loan demonstrates a sustained period of performance without a past due event, and there is reasonable assurance as to the collectability of all amounts due. Within the residential mortgage and home equity portfolios, the accrual status is generally systematically driven, so that if the customer makes a payment that brings the loan below 90 days past due, the loan automatically returns to accrual status. 
    
  Commercial 
    
  Commercial NPLs   decreased     $3.7 million   from   December 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  . At   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , commercial NPLs accounted for   0.6%   of total commercial loans. The decrease in commercial NPLs was primarily attributable to overall improvements in credit quality, including decreased delinquencies, troubled debt restructurings ("TDRs"), and net charge-offs.  
    
  Consumer Secured by Real Estate 
    
  The following table shows NPLs compared to total loans outstanding for the residential mortgage and home equity portfolios as of   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively: 

(1) Includes LHFS 

116 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The NPL ratio is significantly higher for the Company's residential mortgage loan portfolio compared to its consumer loans secured by real estate portfolio due to a number of factors, including: the prolonged workout and foreclosure resolution processes for residential mortgage loans; differences in risk profiles; and mortgage loans located outside the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic United States.  
    
  Resolution challenges with low foreclosure sales continue to impact both residential mortgage and consumer loans secured by real estate portfolio NPL balances, but foreclosure inventory decreased quarter-over-quarter. The foreclosure moratorium was lifted and activity resumed in the fourth quarter of 2011, but delays in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, and Massachusetts limited the decline in NPL balances and contributed to a higher NPL ratio. As of   March 31, 2015  , foreclosures in all states except Delaware and Washington, D.C. were moving forward. Both Delaware and Washington, D.C. are delayed due to new legal complexities surrounding documentation required to initiate new foreclosure proceedings.  
    
  A new foreclosure law was enacted in Massachusetts in August 2012, and the Massachusetts Division of Banks issued its final rules on the implementation of the new foreclosure law in June 2013. These final rules require lenders to offer loan modification terms to certain borrowers prior to proceeding with foreclosure, unless the lender is able to prove that modification would result in greater losses for the bank or that the borrower has rejected the offer. Lenders are also required to send notice to borrowers regarding their right to request a modification. Breach notices for Massachusetts foreclosures recommenced in September 2013. 
    
  The following table represents the concentration of foreclosures by state as a percentage of total foreclosures at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively:  

The foreclosure closings issue has a greater impact on the residential mortgage portfolio than the consumer real estate secured portfolio due to the larger volume of loans in first lien position in that portfolio which have equity upon which to foreclose. Exclusive of Chapter 7 bankruptcy NPL accounts, approximately   82.2%   of the 90+ day delinquent loan balances in the residential mortgage portfolio are secured by a first lien, while only   49.0%   of the 90+ day delinquent loan balances in the consumer real estate secured portfolio are secured by a first lien. Consumer real estate secured NPLs may get charged off more quickly due to the lack of equity to foreclose from a second lien position.  
    
  The Alt-A segment consists of loans with limited documentation requirements and a portion of which were originated through brokers outside the Bank's geographic footprint. At   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , the residential mortgage portfolio included the following Alt-A loans: 

The performance of the Alt-A segment has remained poor, averaging a   10.1%   NPL ratio for the year-to-date in   2015  . Alt-A mortgage originations were discontinued in 2008 and have continued to run off at an average rate of   1.5%   per month. Alt-A NPL balances represented   64.6  % of the total residential mortgage loan portfolio NPL balance at the end of the first quarter of 2009, when the portfolio was placed in run-off, compared to   29.3%   at   March 31, 2015  . As the Alt-A segment runs off and higher quality residential mortgages are added to the portfolio, the shift in product mix is expected to lower NPL balances. 

117 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Finally, the proportion of out-of-footprint loans is significantly higher in the residential mortgage portfolio than in the consumer loans secured by real estate portfolio. Historically, the NPL ratio for out-of-footprint loans has been higher compared to in-footprint lending. A total of   $597.0 million  , or   8.5%  , of the residential mortgage loan portfolio was originated with collateral located outside the Bank s geographic footprint as of   March 31, 2015  . Out-of-footprint NPL balances for the residential mortgage loan portfolio were   $24.2 million  , or   4.1%   of out-of-footprint balances, as of   March 31, 2015  . The out-of-footprint NPL balance represented   11.4%   of the total NPL balance of the residential mortgage loan portfolio. In comparison, the consumer loans secured by real estate portfolio has significantly less out-of-footprint loans, with a total of   $40.0 million  , or   0.6%  , originated with collateral located outside the Bank s geographic footprint. The out-of-footprint NPL balance represented only   4.1%   of the total NPL balance for the consumer loans secured by real estate portfolio. 
    
  Consumer Not Secured by Real Estate 
    
  Retail installment contracts and amortizing term personal loans are classified as non-performing when they are greater than 60 days past due with respect to principal or interest. Except for loans accounted for using the fair value option, at the time a loan is placed on non-accrual status, previously accrued and uncollected interest is reversed against interest income. When an account is 60 days or less past due, it is returned to a performing status and the Company returns to accruing interest on the contract. The accrual of interest on revolving personal loans continues until the loan is charged off. 
    
  NPLs in the consumer loans not secured by real estate portfolio   decreased     $293.7 million   from   December 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  . At   March 31, 2015  , non-performing consumer loans not secured by real estate accounted for   4.2%   of total consumer loans not secured by real estate, compared to   3.9%   of total consumer loans not secured by real estate at   December 31, 2014  . This decrease was attributable to a decline in the overall aging of the retail installment contracts and auto loans portfolio. 
    
  The following table presents the composition of non-performing assets at the dates indicated: 

(1) 
    The ACL is comprised of the allowance for loan losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments, and is included in Other liabilities. 
              (2) 
    Annualized net loan charge-offs to average loans is calculated as annualized net loan charge-offs divided by the average loan balance for the three-month period ended   March 31, 2015  . 
     
   118 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

No commercial loans were 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest as of   March 31, 2015  . Potential problem loans are loans not currently classified as NPLs for which management has doubts about the borrowers  ability to comply with the present repayment terms. These assets are principally loans delinquent more than 30 days but less than 90 days. Potential problem commercial loans totaled approximately   $69.3 million   and   $71.8 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. Potential problem consumer loans amounted to   $2.7 billion   and   $3.4 billion   at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. Management has included these loans in its evaluation and reserved for them during the respective periods. 

TROUBLED DEBT RESTRUCTURINGS ("TDRs") 
    
  TDRs are loans that have been modified as the Company has agreed to make certain concessions to both meet the needs of the customers and maximize its ultimate recovery on the loans. TDRs occur when a borrower is experiencing, or is expected to experience, financial difficulties and the loan is modified with terms that would otherwise not be granted to the borrower. The types of concessions granted are generally interest rate reductions, limitations on accrued interest charged, term extensions, and deferments of principal.  
    
  TDRs are generally placed in nonaccrual status upon modification, unless the loan was performing immediately prior to modification. For most portfolios, TDRs may return to accrual status after demonstrating at least six consecutive months of sustained payments following modification, as long as the Company believes the principal and interest of the restructured loan will be paid in full. For the retail installment contract portfolio, loans may return to accrual status when the balance is remediated to current status. To the extent the TDR is determined to be collateral-dependent and the source of repayment depends on the operation of the collateral, the loan may be returned to accrual status based on the foregoing parameters. To the extent the TDR is determined to be collateral-dependent and the source of repayment depends on disposal of the collateral, the loan may not be returned to accrual status.  
    
  The following table summarizes TDRs at the dates indicated: 

Total non-performing TDRs   increased     $38.3 million   from   December 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  . This change was primarily attributable to the retail installment contracts and auto loans acquired in the Change in Control during the first quarter of 2014 which included non-prime loans. 
    
  Commercial 
    
  Performing commercial TDRs   increased   from   71.5%   of total commercial TDRs at   December 31, 2014   to   72.6%   of total commercial TDRs at   March 31, 2015  . This improvement is attributable to improving credit quality and performance among commercial borrowers, including fewer new TDRs and a rise in cured TDRs when compared with the prior year.  

119 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Residential Mortgages 
    
  Performing residential mortgage TDRs   increased   from   54.2%   of total residential mortgage TDRs at   December 31, 2014   to   58.2%   of total residential TDRs at   March 31, 2015  . This improvement is attributable to an increase in cured TDRs when compared with the prior year. 
    
  Other Consumer Loans 
    
  Performing other consumer loan TDRs increased from   89.9%   of total other consumer loan TDRs at   December 31, 2014   to   91.2%   of total other consumer loan TDRs at   March 31, 2015  . This increase was attributable to the credit quality seen in the retail installment contracts and auto loan portfolio, many of which are considered sub-prime loans. 
    
  In accordance with our policies and guidelines, we, at times, offer payment deferrals to borrowers on our retail installment contracts, under which the consumer is allowed to move up to three delinquent payments to the end of the loan. Our policies and guidelines limit the number and frequency of deferrals that may be granted to one deferral every six months and eight months over the life of a loan. Additionally, we generally limit the granting of deferrals on new accounts until a requisite number of payments have been received. During the deferral period, we continue to accrue and collect interest on the loan in accordance with the terms of the deferral agreement.  
    
  At the time a deferral is granted, all delinquent amounts may be deferred or paid, resulting in the classification of the loan as current and therefore not considered a delinquent account. Thereafter, the account is aged based on the timely payment of future installments in the same manner as any other account.  
    
  We evaluate the results of our deferral strategies based upon the amount of cash installments that are collected on accounts after they have been deferred versus the extent to which the collateral underlying the deferred accounts has depreciated over the same period of time. Based on this evaluation, we believe that payment deferrals granted according to our policies and guidelines are an effective portfolio management technique and result in higher ultimate cash collections from the portfolio.  
    
  Changes in deferral levels do not have a direct impact on the ultimate amount of consumer finance receivables charged off by us. However, the timing of a charge-off may be affected if the previously deferred account ultimately results in a charge-off. To the extent that deferrals impact the ultimate timing of when an account is charged off, historical charge-off ratios, loss confirmation periods, and cash flow forecasts for loans classified as TDRs used in the determination of the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses are also impacted. Increased use of deferrals may result in a lengthening of the loss confirmation period, which would increase expectations of credit losses inherent in the portfolio and therefore increase the allowance for loan losses and related provision for loan losses. Changes in these ratios and periods are considered in determining the appropriate level of allowance for loan losses and related provision for loan losses.  
    
  If a customer s financial difficulty is not temporary, we may agree, or be required by a bankruptcy court, to grant a modification involving one or a combination of the following: a reduction in interest rate, a reduction in the loan's principal balance, or an extension of the maturity date. The servicer also may grant concessions on our revolving personal loans in the form of principal or interest rate reductions or payment plans.  
    
  TDR activity in the personal loan and other consumer portfolios was   negligible   to overall TDR activity. 

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
    
  The ACL is maintained at levels that management considers adequate to provide for losses based upon an evaluation of known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio. Management's evaluation takes into consideration the risks inherent in the portfolio, past loan loss experience, specific loans with loss potential, geographic and industry concentrations, delinquency trends, economic conditions, the level of originations and other relevant factors. While management uses the best information available to make such evaluations, future adjustments to the ACL may be necessary if conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the evaluations. 

120 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following table presents the allocation of the allowance for loan losses and the percentage of each loan type to total loans at the dates indicated: 

General 
    
  The ACL   increase  d   $574.7 million   from   December 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  . This increase in the ACL was attributable to the continued growth in the Company's retail installment contract and auto loans and unsecured loan portfolios. 
    
  Management regularly monitors the condition of the Company's portfolio, considering factors such as historical loss experience, trends in delinquency and NPLs, changes in risk composition and underwriting standards, the experience and ability of staff, and regional and national economic conditions and trends.  
    
  Generally, the Company s loans held for investment are carried at amortized cost, net of ALLL, which includes the estimate of any related net discounts that are expected at the time of charge-off. In the case of loans purchased in a bulk purchase or business combination, the entire discount on the loan portfolio is considered as available to absorb the credit losses when determining the ALLL. For these loans, the Company records provisions for credit losses when incurred losses exceed the unaccreted purchase discount. 
    
  The risk factors inherent in the ACL are continuously reviewed and revised by management when conditions indicate that the estimates initially applied are different from actual results. The Company also performs a comprehensive analysis of the ACL on a quarterly basis. In addition, a review of allowance levels based on nationally published statistics is conducted quarterly. 
    
  The factors supporting the ACL do not diminish the fact that the entire ACL is available to absorb losses in the loan portfolio and related commitment portfolio. The Company s principal focus is to ensure the adequacy of the total ACL. 
    
  The ACL is subject to review by banking regulators. The Company s primary bank regulators regularly conduct examinations of the ACL and make assessments regarding its adequacy and the methodology employed in its determination. 
    
  A loan is considered to be impaired when, based upon current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan. An insignificant delay (e.g., less than 90 days) or insignificant shortfall in the amount of payments does not necessarily result in the loan being identified as impaired. Impaired loans are defined as all TDRs plus non-accrual commercial loans in excess of $1 million. In addition, the Company may perform a specific reserve analysis on loans that fail to meet this threshold if the nature of the collateral or business conditions warrant. The Company performs a specific reserve analysis on certain loans in the commercial classes of financing receivables, regardless of loan size. 

121 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Commercial  
    
  For the commercial loan portfolio excluding small business loans (businesses with annual sales of up to $3.0 million), the Company has specialized credit officers, a monitoring unit, and workout units that identify and manage potential problem loans. Changes in management factors, financial and operating performance, company behavior, industry factors and external events and circumstances are evaluated on an ongoing basis to determine whether potential impairment is evident and additional analysis is needed. For the commercial loan portfolios, risk ratings are assigned to each loan to differentiate risk within the portfolio, reviewed on an ongoing basis by credit risk management and revised, if needed, to reflect the borrower s current risk profile and the related collateral position. The risk ratings consider factors such as financial condition, debt capacity and coverage ratios, market presence and quality of management. Generally, credit officers reassess a borrower s risk rating on at least an annual basis, and more frequently if warranted. This reassessment process is managed by credit officers and is overseen by the Credit Monitoring group to ensure consistency and accuracy in risk ratings, as well as the appropriate frequency of risk rating reviews by the Company s credit officers. The Company s Credit Risk Review Committee assesses whether the Company s Credit Risk Review Framework, risk management guidelines established by the Company s Board and applicable laws and regulations are being followed, and reports key findings and relevant information to the Board. The Company s Internal Audit group regularly performs loan reviews and assesses the appropriateness of assigned risk ratings. When credits are downgraded below a certain level, the Company s Workout Department becomes responsible for managing the credit risk. Risk rating actions are generally reviewed formally by one or more credit committees depending on the size of the loan and the type of risk rating action being taken. Detailed analyses are completed that support the risk rating and management s strategies for the customer relationship going forward.  
    
  If a loan is identified as impaired and is collateral-dependent, an initial appraisal is obtained to provide a baseline to determine the property s fair market value. The frequency of appraisals depends on the type of collateral being appraised. If the collateral value is subject to significant volatility (due to location of the asset, obsolescence, etc.), an appraisal is obtained more frequently. At a minimum, updated appraisals for impaired loans are obtained within a 12-month period if the loan remains outstanding for that period of time. 
    
  If a loan is identified as impaired and is not collateral-dependent, impairment is measured based on a discounted cash flow methodology.  
  When the Company determines that the value of an impaired loan is less than its carrying amount, the Company recognizes impairment through a provision estimate or a charge-off to the allowance. Management performs these assessments on at least a quarterly basis. For commercial loans, a charge-off is recorded when a loan, or a portion thereof, is considered uncollectible and of such little value that its continuance on the Company s books as an asset is not warranted. Charge-offs are recorded on a monthly basis, and partially charged-off loans continue to be evaluated on at least a quarterly basis, with additional charge-offs or loan loss provisions taken on the remaining loan balance, if warranted, utilizing the same criteria.  
    
  The portion of the allowance for loan losses related to the HFI commercial portfolio   increase  d from   $401.6 million   at   December 31, 2014   (  1.1%   of commercial loans) to   $413.0 million   at   March 31, 2015   (  1.1%   of commercial loans). The primary factor resulting in the decrease of ACL coverage is a result of improved portfolio risk distribution related to portfolio credit quality (lower levels of classified and non-accruing loans). In addition, there has been a decrease in probability of default rates associated with commercial loans that has resulted in a decrease in reserve balances.  
    
  Consumer  
    
  The consumer loan and small business loan portfolios are monitored for credit risk and deterioration with statistical tools considering factors such as delinquency, loan-to-value ("LTV") ratios, and credit scores. Management evaluates the consumer portfolios throughout their life cycles on a portfolio basis. When problem loans are identified that are secured with collateral, management examines the loan files to evaluate the nature and type of collateral. Management documents the collateral type, the date of the most recent valuation, and whether any liens exist to determine the value to compare against the committed loan amount.  

122 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

For both residential mortgage and home equity loans, loss severity assumptions are incorporated in the loan loss reserve models to estimate loan balances that will ultimately charge-off. These assumptions are based on recent loss experience within various combined loan-to-value ("CLTV") bands in these portfolios. CLTVs are refreshed quarterly by applying Federal Housing Finance Agency Home Price Index changes at a state-by-state level to the last known appraised value of the property to estimate the current CLTV. The Company's allowance for loan losses incorporates the refreshed CLTV information to update the distribution of defaulted loans by CLTV as well as the associated loss given default for each CLTV band. Reappraisals at the individual property level are not considered cost-effective or necessary on a recurring basis; however, reappraisals are performed on certain higher risk accounts to support line management activities and default servicing decisions, or when other situations arise for which the Company believes the additional expense is warranted. 
    
  Residential mortgages and any portion of a home equity loan or line of credit not adequately secured by collateral are generally charged-off when deemed to be uncollectible or are delinquent 180 days or more (120 days for closed-end consumer loans not secured by real estate), whichever comes first, unless it can be clearly demonstrated that repayment will occur regardless of the delinquency status. Examples that would demonstrate repayment likelihood include: a loan that is secured by collateral and is in the process of collection; a loan supported by a valid guarantee or insurance; or a loan supported by a valid claim against a solvent estate. Auto loans are charged off when an account becomes 120 days delinquent if the Company has not repossessed the vehicle. The Company writes the vehicle down to the estimated recovery amount of the collateral when the automobile is repossessed and legally available for disposition. Credit cards that are 180 days delinquent are charged-off and all interest is removed from interest income.  
    
  As of   March 31, 2015  , the Company had   $673.0 million   and   $5.3 billion   of consumer home equity loans and lines of credit, which included   $296.0 million   and   $3.0 billion  , or   44.0%   and   55.8%  , in junior lien positions, respectively. Loss severity rates on these consumer home equity loans and lines of credit in junior lien positions were   57.0%   and   69.4%  , respectively, as of   March 31, 2015  . 
    
  To ensure the Company has captured losses inherent in its home equity portfolios, the Company estimates its allowance for loan losses for home equity loans and lines of credit by segmenting its portfolio into sub-segments based on the nature of the portfolio and certain risk characteristics such as product type, lien positions, and origination channels. Projected future defaulted loan balances are estimated within each portfolio sub-segment by incorporating risk parameters, including the current payment status as well as historical trends in delinquency rates. Other assumptions, including prepayment and attrition rates, are also calculated at the portfolio sub-segment level and incorporated into the estimation of the likely volume of defaulted loan balances. The projected default volume is stratified across CLTV ratio bands, and a loss severity rate for each CLTV band is applied based on the Company's historical net credit loss experience. This amount is then adjusted, as necessary, for qualitative considerations to reflect changes in underwriting, market, or industry conditions, or changes in trends in the composition of the portfolio, including risk composition, seasoning, and underlying collateral.  
    
  The Company considers the delinquency status of its senior liens in cases in which the Company services the lien. The Company currently services the senior lien on   24.3%   of junior lien home equity principal balances. Of the junior lien home equity loan and line of credit balances that are current,   1.0%   have a senior lien that is one or more payments past due. When the senior lien is delinquent but the junior lien is current, allowance levels are adjusted to reflect loss estimates consistent with the delinquency status of the senior lien. The Company also extrapolates these impacts to the junior lien portfolio when the senior lien is serviced by another investor and the delinquency status of that senior lien is unknown. Beginning in 2014, the Company began considering the actual delinquency status of senior liens serviced by other servicers through the use of credit bureau data. 
    
  The Company's allowance models and reserve levels are back-tested on a quarterly basis to ensure that both remain within appropriate ranges. As a result, management believes that the current allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level sufficient to absorb inherent losses in the portfolio. 

123 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Depository and lending institutions in the U.S. generally are expected to experience a significant volume of home equity lines of credit that will be approaching the end of their draw periods over the next several years, following the growth in home equity lending experienced during 2003 through 2007. As a result, many of these home equity lines of credit will either convert to amortizing loans or have principal due as balloon payments. The percentage of the Company's current home equity lines of credit that are expected to reach the end of their draw periods prior to January 1, 2019 is approximately   3.2%   and not considered significant. The Company's home equity lines of credit originated prior to 2007 are generally open-ended, revolving loans with fixed-rate lock options and draw periods of up to 15 years, along with amortizing repayment periods of up to 15 years. The Company's home equity lines of credit generated after 2007 are generally open-ended, revolving loans with fixed-rate lock options and draw periods of up to 10 years, along with amortizing repayment periods of up to 20 years. We currently monitor delinquency rates for amortizing and non-amortizing lines, as well as other credit quality metrics including Fair Isaac Corporation credit scoring model score and LTV ratio. Our home equity lines of credit are generally underwritten considering fully drawn and fully amortizing levels. As a result, we currently do not anticipate a significant deterioration in credit quality when these home equity lines of credit begin to amortize.  
    
  For retail installment contracts and personal unsecured loans, the Company estimates the allowance for loan losses at a level considered adequate to cover probable credit losses inherent in the portfolio. Probable losses are estimated based on contractual delinquency status and historical loss experience, in addition to the Company s judgment of estimates of the value of the underlying collateral, bankruptcy trends, economic conditions such as unemployment rates, changes in the used vehicle value index, delinquency status, historical collection rates and other information in order to make the necessary judgments as to probable loan losses. 
    
  The allowance for consumer loans was   $1.8 billion   and   $1.3 billion   at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. The allowance as a percentage of HFI consumer loans was   4.5%   at   March 31, 2015   and   3.2%   at   December 31, 2014  . The increase in the allowance for consumer loans is primarily attributable to continued growth in the Company's retail installment contract and auto loans and unsecured loan portfolios. 
    
  Unallocated    
    
  Additionally, the Company reserves for certain inherent, but undetected, losses that are probable within the loan portfolio. This is considered to be reasonably sufficient to absorb imprecisions of models or to otherwise provide for coverage of inherent losses in the Company's entire loan and lease portfolios. These imprecisions may include loss factors inherent in the loan portfolio that may not have been discreetly contemplated in the general and specific components of the allowance, as well as potential variability in estimates. Period-to-period changes in the Company's historical unallocated allowance for loan and lease loss positions are considered in light of these factors. The unallocated allowance for loan losses was   $71.3 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   $33.0 million   at   December 31, 2014  .  
    
  Reserve for Unfunded Lending Commitments 
    
  In addition to the allowance for loan and lease losses, the Company estimates probable losses related to unfunded lending commitments. The reserve for unfunded lending commitments consists of two elements: (i) an allocated reserve, which is determined by an analysis of historical loss experience and risk factors, current economic conditions, performance trends within specific portfolio segments, and any other pertinent information, and (ii) an unallocated reserve to account for a level of imprecision in management's estimation process. Additions to the reserve for unfunded lending commitments are made by charges to the provision for credit losses, and this reserve is classified within Other liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet. Once an unfunded lending commitment becomes funded and is carried as a loan, the corresponding reserves are transferred to the allowance for loan losses.  
    
  The reserve for unfunded lending commitments   decreased   from   $132.6 million   at   December 31, 2014   to   $127.6 million   at   March 31, 2015  . This decrease was due to a continued shift from off-balance sheet lending commitments, primarily to commercial customers, to loans or lines of credit included on the Company's balance sheet as financing receivables. As a result of these shifts, the net impact of the decrease in the reserve for unfunded lending commitments to the overall ACL is   immaterial  .  
  
   124 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

INVESTMENT SECURITIES 
    
  Investment securities consist primarily of MBS, tax-free municipal securities, corporate debt securities, asset-backed securities ("ABS") and stock in the FHLB and the FRB. MBS consist of pass-through, collateralized mortgage obligations, and adjustable rate mortgages issued by federal agencies. The Company s MBS are either guaranteed as to principal and interest by the issuer or have ratings of  AAA  by S P and Moody s at the date of issuance. The Company s available-for-sale investment strategy is to purchase liquid fixed-rate and floating-rate investments to manage the Company's liquidity position and interest rate risk adequately.  
    
  Total investment securities available-for-sale   increased     $2.5 billion   to   $18.4 billion   at   March 31, 2015  , compared to   $15.9 billion   at   December 31, 2014  . This increase was primarily driven by activity within the MBS portfolio. MBS increased by   $2.2 billion   primarily due to   $2.8 billion   of investment purchases, offset by maturities of   $0.6 billion   during the   first   quarter of   2015  . For additional information with respect to the Company s investment securities, see Note 4 in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  There were   no   trading securities held at   March 31, 2015  , compared to   $833.9 million   at   December 31, 2014  . 
    
  Other investments, which consists of FHLB stock and FRB stock,   increased   from   $817.0 million   at   December 31, 2014   to   $853.7 million   at   March 31, 2015   primarily due to purchases of FHLB and FRB stock, partially offset by the FHLB's repurchase of its stock. 
    
  The average life of the available-for-sale investment portfolio (excluding certain ABS) at   March 31, 2015   was approximately   4.22   years, compared to   4.11   years at   December 31, 2014  . The average effective duration of the investment portfolio (excluding certain ABS) at   March 31, 2015   was approximately   2.70   years. The actual maturities of MBS available-for-sale will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations without prepayment penalties. 

GOODWILL 
    
  Goodwill totaled   $9.0 billion   at both   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  . 
    
  The following table shows goodwill by reporting unit at   March 31, 2015  : 

At   March 31, 2015  , goodwill represented   7.3%   and   39.1%   of total assets and total stockholder's equity, respectively, compared to   7.5%   of total assets and   39.4%   of total stockholder's equity at   December 31, 2014  .  
    
  The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of   October 1, 2014  , and the results of the 2014 impairment test validated that the fair values exceeded the carrying values for the reporting units which had goodwill at the testing date. No impairment indicators were noted since the annual review and, accordingly, no impairment test has been performed. 
    
  The Company expects to perform its next annual goodwill impairment test at   October 1, 2015  . 

DEFERRED TAXES AND OTHER TAX ACTIVITY 
    
  The Company's net deferred tax balance was a liability of   $1.1 billion   at   March 31, 2015   and   $1.2 billion   at   December 31, 2014  . The net deferred tax balance remained primarily unchanged quarter over quarter due to a decrease to the net deferred tax liability from the change in cumulative temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits, offset partially by a decrease to the net deferred tax asset related to investment and market-related unrealized losses. 

125 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The Company has a lawsuit pending against the United States in Federal District Court in Massachusetts relating to the proper tax consequences of two financing transactions with an international bank through which the Company borrowed   $1.2 billion  . As a result of the two financing transactions, the Company paid foreign taxes of   $264.0 million   from 2003 through 2007 and claimed a corresponding foreign tax credit for foreign taxes paid during those years, which the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") disallowed. The IRS also disallowed the Company's deductions for interest expense and transaction costs, totaling   $74.6 million   in tax liability, and assessed penalties and interest totaling approximately   $92.5 million  . The Company has paid the taxes, penalties and interest associated with the IRS adjustments for all tax years, and the lawsuit will determine whether the Bank is entitled to a refund of the amounts paid. The Company has recorded a receivable in other assets for the amount of these payments, less a tax reserve of   $125.9 million  , as of   March 31, 2015  .  
    
  On October 17, 2013, the Court issued a written opinion in favor of the Company relating to a motion for partial summary judgment on a significant issue in the case. The Company subsequently filed a motion for summary judgment requesting the Court to conclude the case in its entirety and enter a final judgment awarding the Company a refund of all amounts paid. In response, the IRS filed a motion opposing the Company's motion, and filed a cross-motion for summary judgment requesting that the Court enter a final judgment in the IRS' favor. The Company anticipates that the Court will make a determination as to whether further proceedings are required at the District Court level to resolve any remaining legal or factual issues, which could affect the Company's entitlement to some or all of the refund. The Company expects the IRS to appeal any decision in favor of the Company. In 2013, two different federal courts decided cases involving similar financing structures entered into by the Bank of New York Mellon Corp. and BB T Corp. (referred to as the Salem Financial Case) in favor of the IRS. Bank of New York Mellon Corp. and BB T Corp. have filed notices of appeal in their respective cases. The Company has not changed its reserve position as of   March 31, 2015   and remains confident in the legal merits of its position and believes its reserve amount adequately provides for potential exposure to the IRS related to these items. Over the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that changes in the reserve for uncertain tax positions could range from a decrease of   $125.9 million   to an increase of   $294.0 million  . 

OTHER ASSETS 
    
  Other assets at   March 31, 2015   were   $1.9 billion  , compared to   $2.9 billion   at   December 31, 2014  . The   decrease   in other assets was primarily due to activity in income tax receivables, and miscellaneous assets and receivables, offset by an increase in derivative assets.  
    
  Income tax receivables   decreased     $364.7 million   primarily due to the decrease in accrued federal tax receivables.  
    
  Miscellaneous assets and receivables   decreased     $640.9 million   primarily due to investment trades unsettled at the end of 2014 that were received by   March 31, 2015  . These unsettled trades were primarily related to the sale of trading securities between December 31, 2014 and March 31, 2015. These decreases were offset by an   $85.2 million   increase in derivative assets primarily due to an increase in capital market trading. 

DEPOSITS AND OTHER CUSTOMER ACCOUNTS 
    
  The Bank attracts deposits within its primary market area by offering a variety of deposit instruments, including demand and interest-bearing demand deposit accounts, money market accounts, savings accounts, customer repurchase agreements, Certificates of deposit ("CDs") and retirement savings plans. The Bank also issues wholesale deposit products such as brokered deposits and government deposits on a periodic basis, which serve as an additional source of liquidity for the Company.  

126 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following table presents the composition of deposits and other customer accounts at the dates indicated: 

Total deposits and other customer accounts   increased     $1.9 billion   from   December 31, 2014   to   March 31, 2015  . The   increase   in deposits was due to increases in CDs, money markets accounts, and savings accounts, offset by a decrease in other interest-bearing accounts. The increase in deposits was primarily comprised of increases in CDs of   $1.1 billion  , or   15.4%  , and money market accounts of   $737.7 million  , or   3.4%  , due mainly to continuing better economic conditions encouraging movement from certain interest-bearing investments to CDs and savings accounts.  
    
  Interest-bearing deposit accounts decreased $  148.5 million  , or   1.4%  , primarily due to the shift in deposits to CDs. The Company continues to focus its efforts on repositioning its account mix and increasing lower-cost deposits. The cost of deposits increased from   0.47%   for the   first   quarter of   2014   to   0.55%   for the   first   quarter of   2015  .  
    
  Demand deposit overdrafts that have been reclassified as loan balances were   $36.5 million   and   $51.3 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. Time deposits of $250,000 or more totaled   $1.4 billion   and   $993.4 million   at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. 

BORROWINGS AND OTHER DEBT OBLIGATIONS 
    
  The Company has term loans and lines of credit with Santander and other third-party lenders. The Bank utilizes borrowings and other debt obligations as a source of funds for its asset growth and asset/liability management. Collateralized advances are available from the FHLB if certain standards related to creditworthiness are met. The Bank also utilizes repurchase agreements, which are short-term obligations collateralized by securities. In addition, SCUSA has warehouse lines of credit and securitizes some of its retail installment contracts, which are structured secured financings. Total borrowings and other debt obligations at   March 31, 2015   were   $42.8 billion  , compared to   $39.7 billion   at   December 31, 2014  . Total borrowings   increase  d   $3.1 billion   primarily due to   $1.0 billion   of new debt issued by the Bank,   $2.4 billion   of new public and private securitizations, and a   $1.6 billion   increase in SCUSA's warehouse facilities in order to support loan and lease growth during the first quarter. These increases were partially offset by scheduled principal repayment activity within the securitizations. See further detail on borrowings activity in Note 10 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
    
  See further discussion of the Company's off-balance sheet arrangements in Note 7 and Note 14 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, and Liquidity and Capital Resources analysis.  

BANK REGULATORY CAPITAL 
    
  Our capital priorities are to support client growth, business investment, and maintain appropriate capital in light of economic uncertainty and the Basel III framework. We continue to improve our capital levels and ratios through retention of quarterly earnings.   

127 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The Company is subject to the regulations of certain federal, state, and foreign agencies and undergoes periodic examinations by those regulatory authorities. At   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively, the Bank met the well-capitalized capital ratio requirements. The Company's capital levels exceeded the ratios required for BHCs.  
    
  For a discussion of Basel III, which became effective for SHUSA and the Bank on January 1, 2015, including the standardized approach and related future changes to the minimum U.S. regulatory capital ratios, see the section captioned Regulatory Matters within this MD A.  
    
  The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act established five capital tiers: well-capitalized, adequately-capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. A depository institution's capital tier depends on its capital levels in relation to various capital measures, which include leverage and risk-based capital measures and certain other factors. Depository institutions that are not classified as well-capitalized or adequately-capitalized are subject to various restrictions regarding capital distributions, payment of management fees, acceptance of brokered deposits and other operating activities. 
    
  Federal banking laws, regulations and policies also limit the Bank's ability to pay dividends and make other distributions to the Company. The Bank must obtain prior OCC approval to declare a dividend or make any other capital distribution if, after such dividend or distribution: (1) the Bank's total distributions to the holding company within that calendar year would exceed 100% of its net income during the year plus retained net income for the prior two years; (2) the Bank would not meet capital levels imposed by the OCC in connection with any order, or (3) the Bank is not adequately capitalized at the time. In addition, the OCC's prior approval would be required if the Bank's examination or Community Reinvestment Act ratings fall below certain levels or the Bank is notified by the OCC that it is a problem association or in troubled condition. In addition, the Bank must obtain the OCC's prior written approval to make any capital distribution until it has positive retained earnings. Under a written agreement with the FRB of Boston, the Company must not declare or pay, and must not permit any non-bank subsidiary that is not wholly-owned by the Company, including SCUSA, to declare or pay, any dividends, and the Company must not make, or permit any such subsidiary to make, any capital distribution, in each case without the prior written approval of the FRB of Boston. 
    
  Any dividend declared and paid or return of capital has the effect of reducing the Bank's capital ratios. The Bank did not declare and pay any return of capital to SHUSA during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  .  
    
  The following schedule summarizes the actual capital balances of the Bank and SHUSA at   March 31, 2015  : 

(1) As defined by OCC regulations. 
  
   128 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
    
  Overall  
    
  The Company continues to maintain strong liquidity positions. Liquidity represents the ability of the Company to obtain cost-effective funding to meet the needs of customers as well as the Company's financial obligations. Factors that impact the liquidity position of the Company include loan origination volumes, loan prepayment rates, the maturity structure of existing loans, core deposit growth levels, CD maturity structure and retention, the Company's credit ratings, investment portfolio cash flows, the maturity structure of the Company's wholesale funding, and other factors. These risks are monitored and managed centrally. The Bank's Asset/Liability Committee reviews and approves the liquidity policy and guidelines on a regular basis. This process includes reviewing all available wholesale liquidity sources. The Company also forecasts future liquidity needs and develops strategies to ensure adequate liquidity is available at all times. SHUSA conducts monthly liquidity stress test analyses to manage its liquidity under a variety of scenarios, all of which demonstrate that the Company has ample liquidity to meet its short-term and long-term cash requirements. 
    
  Further changes to the credit ratings of SHUSA, Santander and its affiliates or the Kingdom of Spain could have a material adverse effect on SHUSA's business, including its liquidity and capital resources. The credit ratings of SHUSA have changed in the past and may change in the future, which could impact its cost of and access to sources of financing and liquidity. Any reductions in the long-term or short-term credit ratings of SHUSA would: increase its borrowing costs; require it to replace funding lost due to the downgrade, which may include the loss of customer deposits; and limit its access to capital and money markets and trigger additional collateral requirements in derivatives contracts and other secured funding arrangements. See further discussion on the impacts of credit ratings actions in the Economic and Business Environment section of this MD A. 
    
  Sources of Liquidity 
    
  Company and Bank 
    
  The Company has several sources of funding to meet its liquidity requirements, including its core deposit base, liquid investment securities portfolio, ability to acquire large deposits, FHLB borrowings, wholesale deposit purchases, and federal funds purchased, as well as through securitizations in the ABS market and committed credit lines from third-party banks and Santander. In addition, the Company, through SCUSA, utilizes large flow agreements. The Company has the following major sources of funding to meet its liquidity requirements: dividends and returns of investments from its subsidiaries, short-term investments held by non-bank affiliates, and access to the capital markets. 
    
  On September 15, 2014, the Company entered into a written agreement with the FRB of Boston. Under the terms of the written agreement, the Company must serve as a source of strength to the Bank; strengthen Board oversight of planned capital distributions by the Company and its subsidiaries; and not declare or pay, and not permit any nonbank subsidiary that is not wholly-owned by the Company to declare or pay, any dividends and not make, or permit any such subsidiary to make, any capital distribution, in each case without the prior written approval of the FRB of Boston. 
    
  SCUSA 
    
  SCUSA requires a significant amount of liquidity to originate and acquire loans and leases and to service debt. SCUSA funds its operations through its lending relationships with 14 third-party banks and Santander, as well as through securitizations in the ABS market and large flow agreements. SCUSA seeks to issue debt that appropriately matches the cash flows of the assets that it originates. SCUSA has over   $3.8 billion   of stockholders  equity that supports its access to the securitization markets, credit facilities, and flow agreements. 
    
  During the three months ended   March 31, 2015  , SCUSA completed on-balance sheet funding transactions totaling over   $3 billion  , including: 

a   $1.25 billion   securitization on its Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust ("SDART") platform; 
                
    a   $712 million   securitization on its relaunched Drive Auto Receivables Trust ("DRIVE"), deeper subprime platform; 
                
    top-ups of two private amortizing facilities totaling   $610 million  ; and 
                
    two private amortizing lease facilities totaling   $494 million  . 
     
   129 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

SCUSA also completed   $1.5 billion   in asset sales, including a   $561 million   third-party lease sale and   $919 million   in recurring monthly sales with its third-party flow partners, in addition to executing one of its periodic sales of charged off assets for   $38 million   in proceeds. 
    
  Since   March 31, 2015  , SCUSA has executed two additional securitizations, raising an additional   $2 billion   in proceeds. For additional information regarding SCUSA's debt, see Note 10 in the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Institutional borrowings 
    
  The Company regularly projects its funding needs under various stress scenarios and maintains contingency plans consistent with the Company s access to diversified sources of contingent funding. The Company maintains a substantial level of total available liquidity in the form of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet funding sources. These include cash, unencumbered liquid assets, and capacity to borrow at the FHLB and the FRB s discount window.  
    
  Available Liquidity  
    
  As of   March 31, 2015  , the Bank had approximately   $24.1 billion   in committed liquidity from the FHLB and the FRB. Of this amount,   $11.6 billion   was unused and therefore provides additional borrowing capacity and liquidity for the Company. At   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , liquid assets (cash and cash equivalents, LHFS, and securities available-for-sale exclusive of securities pledged as collateral) totaled approximately   $16.0 billion   and   $13.7 billion  , respectively. These amounts represented   29.4%   and   26.0%   of total deposits at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  , respectively. In addition to liquid assets, the Company also has available liquidity from federal funds counterparties of   $1.0 billion  . Management believes that the Company has ample liquidity to fund its operations.  
    
  Cash and cash equivalents  

Cash provided by operating activities 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $1.7 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , which is comprised of net income of   $0.1 billion  ,   $1.1 billion   of provision for credit losses,   $0.9 billion   in proceeds from sales of LHFS, and   $0.8 billion   in proceeds from sales of trading securities, offset by   $1.2 billion   of originations of LHFS, net of repayments.  
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was   $1.3 billion   for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014  , mainly driven by   $1.2 billion   in proceeds from sales of LHFS. 
    
  Cash used in investing activities 
    
  For the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , net cash used in investing activities was   $7.1 billion  , primarily due to   $3.9 billion   of purchases of investment securities available-for-sale,   $4.0 billion   in loan purchases and activity, and   $1.5 billion   in leased vehicle purchases, offset by   $1.8 billion   of investment sales, maturities and repayments and   $0.6 billion   in proceeds from sales of leased vehicles.  
    
  For the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014  , net cash used in investing activities was   $3.4 billion  , primarily due to   $3.5 billion   in loan purchases and activity and   $1.0 billion   in leased vehicle purchases, offset by   $0.7 billion   in proceeds from sales of loans held for investment. 

130 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cash provided by financing activities 
    
  For the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  , net cash provided by financing activities was   $5.1 billion  , which was primarily due to a   $1.9 billion   increase in deposits and an increase in net borrowing activity of   $3.1 billion  .  
    
  Net cash provided by financing activities for the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2014   was   $1.3 billion  , which was primarily driven by an increase in proceeds from the issuance of common stock of   $1.8 billion   and an increase in deposits of   $0.8 billion  , offset by net borrowing activity of   $1.3 billion  . 
    
  See the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows ("SCF") for further details on the Company's sources and uses of cash. 
    
  Credit Facilities 
    
  Third-Party Revolving Credit Facilities 
    
  Warehouse Lines 
    
  Warehouse lines are used to fund new originations. Each line specifies the required collateral characteristics, collateral concentrations, credit enhancement, and advance rates. Warehouse lines are generally backed by auto retail installment contracts and, in some cases, leases or personal loans. These credit lines generally have one- or two-year commitments, staggered maturities and floating interest rates. SCUSA maintains daily funding forecasts for originations, acquisitions, and other large outflows such as tax payments in order to balance the desire to minimize funding costs with its liquidity needs. 
    
  SCUSA's warehouse lines generally have net spread, delinquency, and net loss ratio limits. These limits are generally calculated based on the portfolio collateralizing the line; however, for two of the warehouse lines, delinquency and net loss ratios are calculated with respect to the serviced portfolio as a whole. Failure to meet any of these covenants could trigger increased over-collateralization requirements or, in the case of limits calculated with respect to the specific portfolio underlying certain credit lines, result in an event of default under these agreements. If an event of default occurred under one of these agreements, the lender could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the impacted agreement to be immediately due and payable, enforce its interests against collateral pledged under the agreement, restrict SCUSA's ability to obtain additional borrowings under the agreement, and/or remove SCUSA as servicer. SCUSA has never had a warehouse line terminated due to failure to comply with any ratio or meet any covenant. A default under one of these lines could be enforced only with respect to that line. 
    
  SCUSA maintains a credit facility with seven banks providing an aggregate commitment of   $4.3 billion   for the exclusive use of providing short-term liquidity needs to support Chrysler retail financing. This facility can be used for both loan and lease financing. The facility requires reduced advance rates in the event of delinquency, credit loss, or residual loss ratios exceeding specified thresholds. 
    
  Repurchase Facility 
    
  SCUSA also obtains financing through an investment management agreement under which it pledges retained subordinated bonds on its securitizations as collateral for repurchase agreements with various borrowers at renewable terms ranging from 30 to 90 days. 
    
  Total Return Swap 
    
  SCUSA also obtained financing through a total return swap under which it pledged retained subordinated bonds on its own securitizations as collateral for a financing facility that included a requirement that it settle with the counterparty at maturity an amount based on the change in the fair value of the underlying bonds during the term of the facility. This facility matured in May 2015. 
    
  Santander Credit Facilities 
    
  Santander historically has provided, and continues to provide, SCUSA's business with significant funding support in the form of committed credit facilities. Through its New York branch ("Santander NY"), Santander provides SCUSA with   $4.5 billion   of long-term committed revolving credit facilities.  
  
   131 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The facilities offered through Santander NY's branch are structured as three- and five-year floating rate facilities, with current maturity dates of December 31, 2016 and 2018. Santander has the option to allow SCUSA to continue to renew the term of these facilities annually going forward, thereby maintaining the three- and five-year maturities. These facilities currently permit unsecured borrowing, but generally are collateralized by retail installment contracts as well as securitization note payables and residuals owned by SCUSA. Any secured balances outstanding under the facilities at the time of their maturity will amortize to match the maturities and expected cash flows of the corresponding collateral. 
    
  There was an average outstanding balance of   $3.8 billion   under the facilities offered through Santander NY's branch during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  . The maximum outstanding balance during this period was   $4.1 billion  . 
    
  Santander also serves as the counterparty for many of SCUSA's derivative financial instruments. 
    
  Secured Structured Financings 
    
  SCUSA's secured structured financings primarily consist of public, SEC-registered securitizations. SCUSA also executes private securitizations under Rule 144A of the Securities Act and privately issues amortizing notes. 
    
  SCUSA obtains long-term funding for its receivables through securitizations in the ABS market. The ABS market provides an attractive source of funding due to its cost efficiency, a large and deep investor base, and terms that appropriately match the cash flows of the debt to the cash flows of the underlying assets. The term structure of a securitization generally locks in fixed-rate funding for the life of the underlying fixed-rate assets, and the matching amortization of the assets and liabilities provides committed funding for the collateralized loans throughout their terms. In certain cases, SCUSA may choose to issue floating rate securities based on the market conditions; in such cases, SCUSA generally executes hedging arrangements outside of the Trust to lock in its cost of funds. Because of prevailing market rates, SCUSA did not issue ABS in 2008 or 2009, but began issuing ABS again in 2010. SCUSA has been the largest issuer of retail auto ABS in the U.S. since 2011. SCUSA has issued a total of over   $40 billion   in retail auto ABS since 2010. 
    
  SCUSA executes each securitization transaction by selling receivables to the Trusts that issue ABS to investors. To attain specified credit ratings for each class of bonds, these transactions have credit enhancement requirements in the form of subordination, restricted cash accounts, excess cash flow, and over-collateralization, which result in more receivables being transferred to the Trusts than the amount of ABS they issue. 
    
  Excess cash flows result from the difference between the finance and interest income received from the obligors on the receivables and the interest paid to the ABS investors, net of credit losses and expenses. Initially, excess cash flows generated by the Trusts are used to pay down outstanding debt of the securitization trusts (the "Trusts"), increasing over-collateralization until the targeted level of assets has been reached. Once the targeted level of over-collateralization is reached and maintained, excess cash flows generated by the Trusts are released to SCUSA as distributions. SCUSA also receives monthly servicing fees as servicer for the Trusts. SCUSA's securitizations each require an increase in credit enhancement levels if cumulative net losses, as defined in the documents underlying each ABS transaction, exceed a specified percentage of the pool balance. None of SCUSA's securitizations has a cumulative net loss percentage above its limit. 
    
  SCUSA's on-balance sheet securitization transactions utilize bankruptcy-remote special purpose entities ("SPEs"), which are also variable interest entities ("VIEs"), that meet the requirements to be consolidated in our financial statements. Following a securitization, the finance receivables and notes payable related to the securitized retail installment contracts remain on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. We recognize finance and interest income as well as fee income on the collateralized retail installment contracts and interest expense on the ABS issued. We also record a provision for credit losses to cover inherent credit losses on the retail installment contracts. While these Trusts are included in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, they are separate legal entities. The finance receivables and other assets sold to the Trusts are owned by them, are available only to satisfy the notes payable related to the securitized retail installment contracts, and are not available to SCUSA's or those of our creditors or our other subsidiaries. 

132 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

SCUSA has completed   four   securitizations year-to-date in   2015  . SCUSA currently has   31   securitizations outstanding in the market with a cumulative ABS balance of approximately   $17 billion  . Its securitizations generally have several classes of notes, with principal paid sequentially based on seniority and any excess spread distributed to the residual holder. SCUSA generally retains the lowest bond class and the residual interest in each securitization, and uses the proceeds from the securitization to repay borrowings outstanding under its credit facilities, originate and acquire new loans and leases, and for general corporate purposes. SCUSA generally exercises clean-up call options on its securitizations when the collateralization pool balance reaches   10%   of its original balance. 
    
  SCUSA periodically issues amortizing notes in private placements that are structured similarly to its public securitizations and securitizations which are issued under Rule 144A of the Securities Act to banks and conduits. SCUSA's securitizations and private issuances are collateralized by vehicle retail installment contracts, loans and vehicle leases. 
    
  Flow Agreements 
    
  In addition to its credit facilities and secured structured financings, at   March 31, 2015   SCUSA had flow agreements in place with Bank of America and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania ("CBP") for Chrysler Capital retail installment contracts, with another third party for charged off assets, and with the Bank for Chrysler Capital consumer vehicle leases and dealer loans. 
    
  SCUSA enters into flow agreements under which assets are sold on a periodic basis to provide funding for new originations. These assets are not on SCUSA's balance sheet, but may provide a gain or loss on sale and a stable stream of servicing fee income. 
    
  SCUSA has a flow agreement with Bank of America under which SCUSA is committed to sell up to   $300.0 million   of eligible Chrysler Capital loans to that bank each month through May 2018. For loans sold, SCUSA retains the servicing rights and may receive or pay a servicer performance payment based on an agreed-upon formula if performance on the sold loans is better or worse, respectively, than expected performance at the time of sale. 
    
  SCUSA also has sold Chrysler Capital loans to CBP under terms of a flow agreement and predecessor sale agreements. SCUSA retains servicing on the sold loans and will owe CBP a loss-sharing payment capped at   0.5%   of the original pool balance if losses exceed a specified threshold, established on a pool-by-pool basis. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Financing 
    
  SCUSA periodically executes Chrysler Capital-branded securitizations under Rule 144A of the Securities Act. Because all of the notes and residual interests in these securitizations are issued to third parties, SCUSA records these transactions as true sales of the retail installment contracts securitized, and removes the sold assets from its condensed consolidated balance sheets. SCUSA did not execute any such transactions during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  . In April 2015, SCUSA executed its first off-balance sheet securitization of   2015  , selling   $769 million   of gross retail installment contracts. 
    
  On   March 31, 2015  , SCUSA executed its first bulk sale of leases to a third party. Due to accelerated depreciation permitted for tax purposes, this sale generated a large taxable gain that SCUSA has deferred through a qualified like-kind exchange program. In order to qualify for this deferral, SCUSA is required to maintain the sale proceeds in escrow until reinvested in new lease originations. Because the sale proceeds were also needed to pay down the third-party credit facilities under which it had financed the leases prior to their sale, SCUSA increased its borrowings on its related party credit facilities until the sale proceeds are fully reinvested over the   180 days   following the sale. 
    
  Uses of Liquidity 
    
  The Company uses liquidity for debt service and repayment of borrowings, as well as for funding loan commitments and satisfying deposit withdrawal requests. 
    
  Dividends and Stock Issuances  
    
  In February 2014, the Company issued 7.0 million shares of common stock to Santander in exchange for cash in the amount of $1.75 billion. Also in February 2014, the Company raised $750.0 million of capital by issuing 3.0 million shares of common stock to Santander in exchange for canceling debt of an equivalent amount. 
  
   133 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

In May 2014, the Company issued 84,000 shares of its common stock to Santander in exchange for cash in the amount of $21.0 million. 
    
  On May 1, 2014, SCUSA's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of   $0.15 per share  , which was paid on May 30, 2014 to shareholders of record as of the close of business day May 12, 2014. 
    
  At   March 31, 2015  , the Company's liquidity to meet debt payments, debt service and debt maturities was in excess of 12 months.  
    
  There were no dividends declared or paid during the   three-month period ended     March 31, 2015  . As of   March 31, 2015  , the Company had   530,391,043   shares of common stock outstanding. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS  
    
  The Company enters into contractual obligations in the normal course of business as a source of funds for its asset growth and asset/liability management, to fund acquisitions, and to meet required capital needs. These obligations require the Company to make cash payments over time as detailed in the table below. 

(1) 
    Includes interest on both fixed and variable rate obligations. The interest associated with variable rate obligations is based on interest rates in effect at   March 31, 2015  . The contractual amounts to be paid on variable rate obligations are affected by changes in market interest rates. Future changes in market interest rates could materially affect the contractual amounts to be paid. 
              (2) 
    Includes all carrying value adjustments, such as unamortized premiums and discounts and hedge basis adjustments. 
              (3) 
    Does not include future expected sublease income. 
       
  Excluded from the above table are deposits of   $45.9 billion   that are due on demand by customers. Additionally,   $142.5 million   of tax liabilities associated with unrecognized tax benefits have been excluded due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows associated with those obligations. 
    
  The Company is a party to financial instruments and other arrangements with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers and manage its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. See further discussion on these risks in Note 11 and Note 15 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  
   134 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

ASSET AND LIABILITY MANAGEMENT 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  Interest rate risk arises primarily through the Company s traditional business activities of extending loans and accepting deposits. Many factors, including economic and financial conditions, movements in market interest rates, and consumer preferences, affect the spread between interest earned on assets and interest paid on liabilities. Interest rate risk is managed by the Company's Treasury group and measured by its Market Risk Department, with oversight by the Asset/Liability Committee. In managing interest rate risk, the Company seeks to minimize the variability of net interest income across various likely scenarios, while at the same time maximizing net interest income and the net interest margin. To achieve these objectives, the Treasury group works closely with each business line in the Company and guides new business. The Treasury group also uses various other tools to manage interest rate risk, including wholesale funding maturity targeting, investment portfolio purchase strategies, asset securitizations/sales, and financial derivatives. 
    
  Interest rate risk focuses on managing four elements of risk associated with interest rates: basis risk, repricing risk, yield curve risk and option risk. Basis risk stems from rate index timing differences with rate changes, such as differences in the extent of changes in Federal funds rates compared with the three-month London Interbank Offered Rate. Repricing risk stems from the different timing of contractual repricing, such as one-month versus three-month reset dates, as well as the related maturities. Yield curve risk stems from the impact on earnings and market value resulting from different shapes and levels of yield curves. Option risk stems from prepayment or early withdrawal risk embedded in various products. These four elements of risk are analyzed through a combination of net interest income simulations, shocks to those net interest income simulations, and scenario and market value analyses and the subsequent results are reviewed by management. Numerous assumptions are made to produce these analyses, including assumptions on new business volumes, loan and investment prepayment rates, deposit flows, interest rate curves, economic conditions and competitor pricing. 
    
  Further information on risk factors can be found under Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter-ended   March 31, 2015  . 
    
  Net Interest Income Simulation Analysis 
    
  The Company utilizes a variety of measurement techniques to evaluate the impact of interest rate risk, including simulating the impact of changing interest rates on expected future interest income and interest expense to estimate the Company's net interest income sensitivity. This simulation is run monthly and includes various scenarios that help management understand the potential risks in the Company's net interest income sensitivity. These scenarios include both parallel and non-parallel rate shocks as well as other scenarios that are consistent with quantifying the four elements of risk described above. This information is used to develop proactive strategies to ensure that the Company s risk position remains within SHUSA Board of Directors-approved limits so that future earnings are not significantly adversely affected by future interest rates. 
    
  The table below reflects the estimated sensitivity to the Company s net interest income based on interest rate changes: 

Market Value of Equity ("MVE") Analysis 
    
  The Company also evaluates the impact of interest rate risk by utilizing MVE modeling. This analysis measures the present value of all estimated future interest income and interest expense cash flows of the Company over the estimated remaining life of the balance sheet. MVE is calculated as the difference between the market value of assets and liabilities. The MVE calculation utilizes only the current balance sheet, and therefore does not factor in any future changes in balance sheet size, balance sheet mix, yield curve relationships or product spreads, which may mitigate the impact of any interest rate changes. 

135 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
           Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Management examines the effect of interest rate changes on MVE. The sensitivity of MVE to changes in interest rates is a measure of longer-term interest rate risk, and highlights the potential capital at risk due to adverse changes in market interest rates. The following table discloses the estimated sensitivity to the Company s MVE at   March 31, 2015   and   December 31, 2014  .  

Limitations of Interest Rate Risk Analyses 
    
  Since the assumptions used are inherently uncertain, the Company cannot predict precisely the effect of higher or lower interest rates on net interest income or MVE. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, the difference between actual experience and the assumed volume, characteristics of new business and behavior of existing positions, and changes in market conditions and management strategies, among other factors. 
    
  Uses of Derivatives to Manage Interest Rate and Other Risks 
    
  To mitigate interest rate risk and, to a lesser extent, foreign exchange, equity and credit risks, the Company uses derivative financial instruments to reduce the effects that changes in interest rates may have on net income, the fair value of assets and liabilities, and cash flows.  
    
  Through the Company s capital markets and mortgage banking activities, it is subject to price risk. The Company employs various tools to measure and manage price risk in its portfolios. In addition, the SHUSA Board of Directors has established certain limits relative to positions and activities. The level of price risk exposure at any point in time depends on the market environment and expectations of future price and market movements, and will vary from period to period.  
    
  Management uses derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of interest rate movements on the fair value of certain liabilities, assets and highly probable forecasted cash flows. These instruments primarily include interest rate swaps that have underlying interest rates based on key benchmark indices and forward sale or purchase commitments. The nature and volume of the derivative instruments used to manage interest rate risk depend on the level and type of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and the risk management strategies for the current and anticipated interest rate environment. 
    
  The Company enters into cross-currency swaps to hedge its foreign currency exchange risk on certain Euro-denominated investments. These derivatives are designated as fair value hedges at inception.  
    
  The Company's derivative portfolio includes mortgage banking interest rate lock commitments, forward sale commitments and interest rate swaps. As part of its overall business strategy, the Bank originates fixed-rate residential mortgages. It sells a portion of this production to the FHLMC, the FNMA, and private investors. The Company uses forward sales as a means of hedging against the economic impact of changes in interest rates on the mortgages that are originated for sale and on interest rate lock commitments. 
    
  The Company typically retains the servicing rights related to residential mortgage loans that are sold. Residential MSRs are accounted for at fair value. As deemed appropriate, the Company economically hedges MSRs, using interest rate swaps and forward contracts to purchase MBS. For additional information on MSRs, see Note 9 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  The Company uses foreign exchange contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk associated with certain foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. Foreign exchange contracts, which include spot and forward contracts, represent agreements to exchange the currency of one country for the currency of another country at an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon settlement date. Exposure to gains and losses on these contracts will increase or decrease over their respective lives as currency exchange and interest rates fluctuate. 
    
  We also utilize forward contracts to manage market risk associated with certain expected investment securities sales and equity options, which manage our market risk associated with certain customer deposit products.  
    
  For additional information on foreign exchange contracts, derivatives and hedging activities, see Note 11 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

136 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Incorporated by reference from Part I, Item 2, MD A   Asset and Liability Management above. 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of its Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A. Based on such evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of March 31,2015, we did not maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below. Notwithstanding these material weaknesses, based on the additional analysis and other post-closing procedures performed, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial position, results of operations, capital position, and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). 
    
  A material weakness (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement in our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have identified the following material weaknesses: 
    
  Control Environment, Risk Assessment, Control Activities and Monitoring 
    
  The Company's financial reporting involves complex accounting matters (such as purchase accounting, goodwill, allowance and TDR matters) emanating from our majority owned subsidiary, Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. ( SC ), which require significant resources, time and technical expertise. We determined there was a material weakness in the design and operating effectiveness of the controls pertaining to the Company s oversight of its SC subsidiary activities and the Company s accounting for transactions that are significant to the Company s internal control over financial reporting. These activities were (a) ineffective oversight to ensure accountability for the performance of internal control over financial reporting responsibilities or to ensure corrective actions were appropriately prioritized and implemented in a timely manner; and (b) inadequate resources, time and technical expertise to perform effective oversight of the application of accounting and financial reporting activities that are significant to the Company s consolidated financial statements. We have identified the following material weaknesses emanating from SC: 
    
  SC's Control Environment, Risk Assessment, Control Activities and Monitoring  
    
  We did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting related to the following areas: control environment, risk assessment, control activities and monitoring: 

Management did not effectively execute a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting. 
                
    The tone at the top was insufficient to ensure there were adequate mechanisms and oversight to ensure accountability for the performance of internal control over financial reporting responsibilities and to ensure corrective actions were appropriately prioritized and implemented in a timely manner. 
                
    There was not adequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP. 
                
    There was not an adequate assessment of changes in risks by management that could significantly impact internal control over financial reporting or an adequate determination and prioritization of how those risks should be managed. 
                
    There was not adequate management oversight and identification of models material to financial reporting. 
                
    There were insufficiently documented Company accounting policies and insufficiently detailed Company procedures to put policies into effective action. 
                
    There was a lack of appropriate tone at the top in establishing an effective control owner of the risk and controls self-assessment process, which contributed to a lack of clarity for ownership of risk assessments and control design and effectiveness. There was insufficient governance, oversight and monitoring of the credit loss allowance and accretion processes, and a lack of defined roles and responsibilities in monitoring functions. 
     
   137 

Application of Effective Interest Method for Accretion 
    
  The Company s policies and controls related to the methodology used for applying the effective interest rate method in accordance with GAAP, specifically as it relates to the review of key assumptions over prepayment curves, pool segmentation and presentation in financial statements were not designed appropriately or failed to operate effectively. Additionally the resources dedicated to the reviews were not sufficient to identify all relevant instances of non-compliance with policies and GAAP and did not sufficiently review supporting methodologies and practices to identify variances from the Company s policy and GAAP. 
    
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP, and insufficiently documented Company accounting policies and insufficiently detailed Company procedures to put policies into effective action, which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  This resulted in errors in the Company s application of the effective interest method for accreting discounts, which include discounts upon origination of the loan, subvention payments from manufacturers, and other origination costs on individually acquired retail installment contracts. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: loans held for investment, loans held-for-sale, the allowance for loan and lease losses, interest income-loans, the provision for credit losses, miscellaneous income and the related disclosures within Note 5 - Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses. 
    
  Methodology to Estimate Credit Loss Allowance 
    
  The Company s policies and controls related to the methodology used for estimating the credit loss allowance in accordance with GAAP, specifically as it relates to the calculation of impairment for troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) separately from the general allowance on loans not classified as TDRs and the consideration of net discounts when estimating the allowance were not designed appropriately or failed to operate effectively. Additionally, the resources dedicated to the reviews were not sufficient to identify all relevant instances of non-compliance with policies and GAAP and did not sufficiently review supporting methodologies and practices to identify variances from the Company s policy and GAAP. 
    
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP, and insufficiently documented Company accounting policies and insufficiently detailed Company procedures to put policies into effective action which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  This resulted in errors in the Company s methodology for determining the credit loss allowance, specifically not calculating impairment for TDRs separately from a general allowance on loans not classified as TDRs and inappropriately omitting the consideration of net discounts when estimating the allowance and recording charge-offs. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: the allowance for loan and lease losses, the provision for credit losses, and the related disclosures within Note 5 - Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses. 
    
  Loans Modified as TDRs 
    
  The following controls over the identification of TDRs and inputs used to estimate TDR impairment did not operate effectively: 

Review controls of the TDR footnote disclosures and supporting information did not effectively identify that parameters used to query the loan data were incorrect. 
                
    A review of inputs used to estimate the expected and present value of cash flows of loans modified in TDRs did not identify errors in types of cash flows included and in the assumed timing and amount of defaults and did not identify that the discount rate was incorrect. 
       
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP, and insufficiently documented Company accounting policies and insufficiently detailed Company procedures to put policies into effective action, as well as ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness. 

138 

As a result, management determined that it had incorrectly identified the population of loans that should be classified as TDRs and, separately, had incorrectly estimated the impairment on these loans due to model input errors. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: the allowance for loan and lease losses, the provision for credit losses, and the related disclosures within Note 5 - Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses. 
    
  Development, Approval, and Monitoring of Models Used to Estimate the Credit Loss Allowance 
    
  Various deficiencies were identified in the credit loss allowance process related to review, monitoring and approval processes over models and model changes that aggregated to a material weakness. The following controls did not operate effectively: 

Review controls over data, inputs and assumptions in models used for estimating credit loss allowance and related model changes were not effective and management did not adequately challenge significant assumptions. 
                
    Review and approval controls over the development of new models to estimate credit loss allowance and related model changes were ineffective. 
                
    Adequate and comprehensive performance monitoring over related model output results was not performed and we did not maintain adequate model documentation. 
       
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate assessment of changes in risks by management that could significantly impact internal control over financial reporting or determination and prioritization of how those risks should be managed and ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: the allowance for loan and lease losses, provision for credit losses, and the related disclosures within Note 5 - Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses. 
    
  Identification, Governance and Monitoring of Models Used to Estimate Accretion 
    
  Various deficiencies were identified in the accretion process related to review, monitoring and approval processes over models that aggregated to a material weakness. The following controls did not operate effectively: 

Review controls over data, inputs and assumptions in models used for estimating accretion and related model changes were not effective and management did not adequately challenge significant assumptions. 
                
    Review and approval controls over the development of new models to estimate accretion and related model changes were ineffective. 
                
    Adequate and comprehensive performance monitoring over related model output results was not performed and we did not maintain adequate model documentation. 
       
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate assessment of changes in risks by management that could significantly impact internal control over financial reporting or determination and prioritization of how those risks should be managed and inadequate management oversight and identification of models material to financial reporting as well as ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: loans held for investment, net, loans held for sale, net, the allowance for loan and lease losses, interest income - loans, provision for credit losses, miscellaneous income and the related disclosures within Note 5 - Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses. 
    
  Review of New, Unusual or Significant Transactions 
    
  Management identified an error in the accounting treatment of certain transactions. Specifically, controls over the review of new, unusual or significant transactions related to application of the appropriate accounting and tax treatment to these transactions in accordance with GAAP did not operate effectively. 
    
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP, and ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness. 
  
   139 

This material weakness relates to various financial statement line items. 
    
  Review of Financial Statement Disclosures 
    
  Management identified errors relating to financial statement disclosures. Specifically, controls over both the preparation and review of financial statement disclosures did not operate effectively to ensure complete, accurate, and proper presentation of the financial statement disclosures in accordance with GAAP. 
    
  The Company reported a material weakness in control environment relating to inadequate management oversight of accounting and financial reporting activities in implementing certain accounting practices to conform to the Company s policies and GAAP, and ineffective execution of a strategy to hire and retain a sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in certain areas important to financial reporting which contributed to this material weakness. 
    
  This material weakness relates to various disclosures in the financial statements. 
    
  Impact of Purchase Accounting on TDR Loan Accounting 
    
  In the process of estimating the allowance for loan losses related to SC loans in the Company s consolidated financial statements, SC s discount rates were used in the TDR methodology rather than the discount rate required for the Company related to the original purchase accounting discount. Management s review control of the methodology did not operate effectively. 
    
  This material weakness relates to the following financial statement line items: loans held for investment, net, the allowance for loan and lease losses, provision for credit losses, and the related disclosures within Note 5 - Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses. 
    
  Goodwill 
    
  In connection with the annual goodwill impairment test conducted as of October 1, the Company determined there was a material weakness in the operating effectiveness of management s review control over the calculation of the carrying value of the Company s SC reporting unit used in the Company s step one goodwill impairment tests performed in accordance with ASC 350-20. A review of the calculation did not identify an error which resulted in an understatement of the carrying value used in the goodwill impairment tests. While the impact of the error did not result in a different conclusion regarding the step one impairment test that was conducted, it was reasonably possible that the understated carrying value could have resulted in a different conclusion that would not have been prevented or detected. 
    
  Statement of Cash Flows and Footnotes 
    
  Management identified a material weakness in internal control over the Company's process to prepare and review the Statement of Cash Flows (SCF) and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Specifically, the Company concluded that it did not have adequate controls designed and in place over the preparation and review of the Condensed Consolidated SCF and financial statement disclosures in the Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses footnote, as a result of which errors were not identified in a timely manner. 
    
  During 2015, with the oversight of senior management and the Audit Committee, the Company implemented a number of new controls to remediate the SCF and footnotes material weakness described above. The Company has revised the design of the former process to prepare and review the Company s SCF and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and designed and implemented additional controls over the preparation and data providers, to remediate the underlying control weakness that gave rise to the material weakness. The newly implemented controls include additional reviews at a detailed level at the statement preparation and data provider levels. 
    
  The Company believes these enhancements have remediated the SCF controls design aspect of this material weakness. However, we continue to monitor the operating effectiveness of the new controls and believe these changes will strengthen internal control over financial reporting for the preparation and review of the SCF and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in order to address the remaining material weakness related to the operating effectiveness of the controls. 

140 

Remediation Status of Reported Material Weaknesses 
    
  We are currently working to remediate the material weaknesses described above, including assessing the need for additional remediation steps and implementing additional measures to remediate the underlying causes that gave rise to the material weaknesses. 
    
  The following remediation steps are among the measures currently being implemented at the time of this filing by the Company and SC: 

The Company and SC have begun efforts to hire additional personnel with the requisite skillsets in certain areas important to financial reporting.  

The Company has established regular working group meetings, with appropriate oversight by management of both SC and the Company to strengthen accountability for performance of internal control over financial reporting responsibilities and prioritization of corrective actions. 

In conjunction with previously developing new credit loss allowance models and refining our loss forecasting methodology to be in compliance with GAAP, the Company also is enhancing its accounting documentation relating to credit loss allowance, to demonstrate how the Company s policies and procedures align with GAAP and produce a repeatable process.   

Management is also in the process of performing a comprehensive review of current accounting practices to ensure compliance with the Company s accounting policies and GAAP, and to ensure sufficient specificity in procedures. Additionally, management will implement a recurring review by a team of qualified individuals. 

Processes to identify, track, and report TDRs, that take into account changes to TDRs and new modification types, were enhanced and are being documented. 

A formal and comprehensive ongoing performance monitoring plan related to credit loss allowance with specific details relating to monitoring activities performed to allow for repeatable and consistent testing is being developed. This plan is intended to be consistent with the Company s overarching model risk management policy and will provide a consistent methodology for measuring performance across all models. 

Management is ensuring that all models significant to financial reporting are subject to appropriate validation, documentation and procedures. 

Model documentation is being developed, or in some cases enhanced to address model documentation gaps, related to credit loss allowance and accretion models.  

A framework and documentation are being developed to outline model security attributes/procedures for models related to credit loss allowance and models are being placed in an environment where access is restricted to authorized personnel and an audit trail is retained.   

The Company is enhancing its Material Risk Program and Assessment documentation. 

The Company is enhancing the internal documentation requirements and procedures to be performed related to goodwill impairment testing. 

The Company has designed and implemented additional controls (including additional reviews at a detailed level) over the preparation and review of the SCF and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Company is enhancing the internal documentation requirements and procedures to be performed in the implementation of new accounting models used by the Company for financial reporting purposes. 

The Company has begun efforts to enhance its oversight of subsidiaries by establishing additional procedures to identify high risk, unusual, or material transactions to ensure that there are sufficient activities performed to ensure accurate and timely financial reporting. 

141 

While progress has been made to enhance processes, procedures and controls related to these areas, we are still in the process of developing and implementing these processes and procedures and testing these controls and believe additional time is required to complete development and implementation, and demonstrate the sustainability of these procedures. We believe our remedial actions will be effective in remediating the material weaknesses and we will continue to devote significant time and attention to these remedial efforts. However, the material weaknesses cannot be considered remediated until the applicable remedial processes and procedures have been in place for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are effective. Accordingly, the material weaknesses are not remediated at March 31, 2015. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended March 31, 2015 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
    
  In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

142 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1 
      Legal Proceedings 

Reference should be made to Note 12 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure regarding the lawsuit filed by SHUSA against the Internal Revenue Service and Note 14 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for SHUSA s litigation disclosure, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A 
      Risk Factors 

The Company is subject to a number of risks potentially impacting its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Other than the risk factors disclosed below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item IA, Risk Factors, in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 
    
  Lapses in internal controls including internal control over financial reporting could materially and adversely affect our operations, liquidity and/or reputation. 
    
  We have identified control deficiencies in our financial reporting process as of March 31, 2015 that constitute material weaknesses, which contributed to the restatement of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in our previously filed Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 and restatement of the audited consolidated financial statements in our previously filed Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. See Part I, Item 4 in this Form 10-Q/A. We have initiated certain measures, including the enhancement of our model framework and documentation process and increasing the number of employees on, and the expertise of, our financial reporting team, to remediate these weaknesses, and plan to implement additional appropriate measures as part of this effort. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fully remediate our existing material weaknesses. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer from other material weaknesses in the future. If we fail to remediate these material weaknesses or fail to otherwise maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, such failure could result in a material misstatement of our annual or quarterly financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis and which could cause investors and other users to lose confidence in our financial statements and limit our ability to raise capital. Additionally, failure to remediate the material weaknesses or otherwise failing to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting may negatively impact our operating results and financial condition, impair our ability to timely file our periodic reports with the SEC, subject us to additional litigation and regulatory actions and cause us to incur substantial additional costs in future periods relating to the implementation of remedial measures. 

Item 2 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

Not applicable. 

Item 3 
      Defaults upon Senior Securities 

None.  

Item 4 
      Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

Item 5 
      Other Information 

None. 

143 

Item 6 
      Exhibits 

(2.1 
    ) 
    Transaction Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2008, between Santander Holdings USA, Inc. and Banco Santander, S.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to SHUSA's Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 16, 2008) (Commission File Number 333-172807) 

(3.1 
    ) 
    Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Santander Holdings USA, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2009) (Commission File Number 333-172807) 

(3.2 
    ) 
    Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Santander Holdings USA, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 27, 2009) (Commission File Number 333-172807) 

(3.3 
    ) 
    Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Santander Holdings USA, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 5, 2010) (Commission File Number 333-172807) 

(3.4 
    ) 
    Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Santander Holdings USA, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 21, 2011) (Commission File Number 333-172807) 

(3.5 
    ) 
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2012) (Commission File Number 333-172807) 

(4.1 
    ) 
    Santander Holdings USA, Inc. has certain debt obligations outstanding. None of the instruments evidencing such debt authorizes an amount of securities in excess of 10% of the total assets of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; therefore, copies of such instruments are not included as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Santander Holdings USA, Inc. agrees to furnish copies to the SEC on request. 

(10.1 
    ) 
    Underwriting Agreement dated January 22, 2014 among Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as representatives of the underwriters listed therein, SCUSA, SCUSA Illinois, Santander Holdings USA, Inc and the other Selling Stockholders listed in Schedule II thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2014 (Commission File Number 001-16581) 

(10.2 
    ) 
    Shareholders Agreement dated January 28, 2014 among the Company, SCUSA, Sponsor Holdings, DDFS, Thomas G. Dundon and Banco Santander, S.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to Santander Holdings USA, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2014 (Commission File Number 001-16581) 

(31.1 
    ) 
    Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith) 

(31.2 
    ) 
    Chief Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith) 

(32.1 
    ) 
    Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith) 

(32.2 
    ) 
    Chief Financial Officer certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith) 

(101 
    ) 
    Interactive Data File (XBRL). (Filed herewith) 

144 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. 
  (Registrant) 
    
      Date: 
    December 7, 2016 
      
    /s/ Scott E. Powell 

Scott E. Powell 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Authorized Officer)  

Date: 
    December 7, 2016 
      
    /s/ Madhukar Dayal 

Madhukar Dayal 

Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President 

145 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q115aexhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Scott E. Powell, President and Chief Executive Officer of Santander Holdings USA, Inc., certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q  of Santander Holdings USA, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Scott E. Powell 
      Name: Scott E. Powell 
      Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

December 7, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q115aexhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
  EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Madhukar Dayal, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of Santander Holdings USA, Inc., certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Santander Holdings USA, Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Madhukar Dayal 
      Name: Madhukar Dayal 
      Title: Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President 

December 7, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q115aexhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   March 31, 2015   of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (the "Company") as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Scott E. Powell, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all in material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Scott E. Powell 
      Name: Scott E. Powell 
      Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 

December 7, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 q115aexhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   March 31, 2015   of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (the "Company") as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Madhukar Dayal, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Madhukar Dayal 
      Name: Madhukar Dayal 
      Title: Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President 

December 7, 2016    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 sov-20150331.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sov-20150331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 sov-20150331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 sov-20150331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 sov-20150331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 sov-20150331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

