<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161025_10-Q_edgar_data_918160_0000918160-16-000132_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13509844</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>168700</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>581392</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4908696</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5955750</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1658147</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>48</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000918160-16-000132.hdr.sgml : 20161025
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161025172248
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000918160-16-000132
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161025
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161025

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AK STEEL HOLDING CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000918160
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES  ROLLING MILLS (COKE OVENS) [3312]
		IRS NUMBER:				311401455
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13696
		FILM NUMBER:		161951063

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9227 CENTRE POINTE DRIVE
		CITY:			WEST CHESTER
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45069
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5134255000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9227 CENTRE POINTE DRIVE
		CITY:			WEST CHESTER
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45069

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000918160-16-000132.txt : 20161025

10-Q
 1
 form10-q2016q3.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549 
  _________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q    
  _________________________________ 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
    
  or 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
    
  Commission File No. 1-13696 
    
  AK STEEL HOLDING CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(513) 425-5000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    T    No      
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months.  Yes    T    No      
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 
                       Large accelerated filer 
    T 
      
    Accelerated filer 
      
      Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company.  Yes         No    T 
    
  There were   238,269,620   shares of common stock outstanding as of   October 24, 2016  . 

AK STEEL HOLDING CORPORATION 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       PART I.  
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     2 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
     3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     7 

Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     36 

Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
     45 

Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
     47 

PART II.  
     OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
     48 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
     48 

Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     48 

Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
     48 

Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
     49 

SIGNATURES  
     50 

-  i  - 

Table of Contents     

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -   1  - 

Table of Contents     

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -   2  - 

Table of Contents     

-   3  - 

     Table of Contents     

The condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , include the following amounts related to consolidated variable interest entities, prior to intercompany eliminations. See Note   12   for more information concerning variable interest entities. 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -   4  - 

Table of Contents     

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -   5  - 

Table of Contents     

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   -   6  - 

Table of Contents     

AK STEEL HOLDING CORPORATION 
      NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
      (dollars in millions, except per share data, unless otherwise indicated) 

NOTE   1   - Basis of Presentation 

These financial statements consolidate the operations and accounts of AK Steel Holding Corporation ( AK Holding ), its wholly-owned subsidiary AK Steel Corporation ( AK Steel ), all subsidiaries in which AK Holding has a controlling interest, and two variable interest entities for which AK Steel is the primary beneficiary. Unless the context provides otherwise, references to  we,   us  and  our  refer to AK Holding and its subsidiaries. In our opinion, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly our financial position as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , our results of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and our cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Our results of operations for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results we expect for the full year ending   December 31, 2016  . These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read along with our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

NOTE   2   - Supplementary Financial Statement Information 

Inventory, net 
    
  Inventories as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , are presented below: 

Facility Idling 
    
  In the fourth quarter of 2015, we temporarily idled the Ashland Works blast furnace and steelmaking operations ( Ashland Works Hot End ). We incurred charges during the fourth quarter of 2015 for supplemental unemployment and other employee benefit costs and for equipment idling, asset preservation and other costs. The supplemental unemployment and other employee benefit costs were recorded as accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet, and the activity for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was as follows: 

We estimate we will incur on-going costs of less than   $2.0   per month for maintenance of the equipment, utilities and supplier obligations related to the temporarily idled Ashland Works Hot End. These costs were   $4.7   and   $17.4   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . The carrying value of the long-lived assets associated with the temporarily idled operations totaled approximately   $70.0   as of   September 30, 2016  . 

NOTE   3   - Investments in Affiliates 

We have investments in several businesses accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Cost of products sold includes   $3.2   and   $1.8   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and   $9.5   and   $5.4   for the   nine months ended    
  
   -   7  - 

     Table of Contents     

September 30, 2016   and   2015   for our share of income of equity investees other than Magnetation LLC ( Magnetation ). Our share of loss from Magnetation is included in other income (expense) and was   $16.3   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . Our results of operations for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  , and the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , do not include any losses of Magnetation, as we wrote off the basis in our investment as of March 31, 2015. 
    
  Summarized financial statement data for all investees is presented below. The financial results for Magnetation are only included through March 31, 2015, because it was unlikely that we would retain our equity interest as a result of Magnetation s bankruptcy. 

Magnetation 
    
  As of March 31, 2015, we concluded that our   49.9%   equity interest in Magnetation was fully impaired and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of   $256.3   for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. On   May 5, 2015  , Magnetation and its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Minnesota. On October 6, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court approved a Global Settlement Agreement ( Settlement Agreement ) with Magnetation, Magnetation Inc., and Magnetation s revolving credit facility lenders, senior secured noteholders and debtor-in-possession facility lenders to terminate the iron ore pellet offtake agreement with Magnetation and to wind down Magnetation s business. Among other terms of the Settlement Agreement, we agreed to make a cash payment ( Termination Payment ) to Magnetation s Chapter 11 estate in order to terminate our offtake agreement with Magnetation and cease purchasing iron ore pellets from Magnetation. The next day, the transactions contemplated by the Settlement Agreement were completed and we made a Termination Payment of   $36.6  , thereby terminating the pellet offtake agreement. In connection with the approval of the Settlement Agreement and the payment of the Termination Payment to the bankruptcy estate, we expect to recognize a charge in the fourth quarter of 2016 for the Termination Payment and a charge in the range of   $15.0   to   $35.0   for the present value of remaining obligations under contracts with other third parties to transport pellets to our facilities. The actual payments for these contracts will be made over the next   12.5 years  . We are working on actions to mitigate our expense for these contracts, but can give no assurance that we will be successful. We expect to purchase replacement iron ore pellets from third-party producers who can meet our future needs by offering superior reliability, consistent quality and more competitive pricing. In addition, we expect to benefit from enhanced flexibility with iron ore pellets as a result of terminating our offtake agreement with Magnetation. 

NOTE   4   - Income Taxes 

Income taxes recorded through   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were estimated using the discrete method. Current year income taxes are based on our financial results through   September 30, 2016  , as well as the related change in the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. We are unable to estimate the annual effective tax rate for   2016   with sufficient precision for purposes of the effective tax rate method, which requires us to consider a projection of full-year income and the expected change in the valuation allowance. The estimated annual effective tax rate method was not reliable due to its sensitivity to small changes to forecasted annual pre-tax earnings and the effect of our valuation allowance, which create results with significant variations in the customary relationship between income tax expense and pre-tax income for the interim periods. As a result, we determined that using the discrete method is more appropriate than using the annual effective tax rate method. We have estimated the change in valuation allowances required based on our year-to-date financial results and the change in value of the identified tax-planning strategy, which is determined based on year-to-date LIFO income. In addition, the change in valuation allowance for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   includes a   $5.1   benefit related to the effect of the Protecting American Taxpayers and Homeowners (PATH) Act, which allows for the realizability of certain alternative minimum tax credits. Income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 includes non-cash income tax expense of   $3.9   from allocating income tax benefit to other comprehensive income. 

-   8  - 

Table of Contents     

NOTE   5   - Long-term Debt and Other Financing 

Debt balances at   September 30, 2016  , and   December 31, 2015  , are presented below: 

During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all the terms and conditions of our debt agreements. 
    
  Senior Secured Notes 
    
  In June   2016  , as part of a transaction to refinance our   8.75%   Senior Secured Notes due   2018   (the  Old Notes ), we issued   $380.0   aggregate principal amount of   7.50%   Senior Secured Notes due   July 2023   (the  Refi Notes ) and generated net proceeds of   $373.4   after underwriting discount. The Refi Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by AK Holding, AK Steel s direct parent, and by AK Tube LLC, AK Steel Properties, Inc. and Mountain State Carbon LLC (together with AK Tube LLC and AK Steel Properties, Inc., the  Subsidiary Guarantors ), three wholly-owned subsidiaries of AK Steel. The Refi Notes will be secured by first priority liens on the plant, property and equipment (other than certain excluded property, and subject to permitted liens) of AK Steel and the Subsidiary Guarantors and any proceeds of the foregoing. We used a portion of the net proceeds to pay the cash tender offer of our Old Notes, as further discussed in the following paragraph. The indenture governing the Refi Notes includes covenants with customary restrictions on (a) the incurrence of additional debt by certain subsidiaries, (b) the incurrence of certain liens, (c) the incurrence of sale/leaseback transactions, (d) the use of proceeds from the sale of collateral, and (e) our ability to merge or consolidate with other entities or to sell, lease or transfer all or substantially all of our assets to another entity. The Refi Notes also contain customary events of default.   Before July 15, 2019, we may redeem the Refi Notes at a price equal to par plus a make-whole premium and all accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption.   After that date, we may redeem them at   103.750%   until July 15, 2020,   101.875%   thereafter until July 15, 2021 and   100.000%   thereafter, together with all accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. 
    
  After the issuance of the Refi Notes, we repurchased   $251.7   of Old Notes through a cash tender offer (the  Tender Offer ) at a tender price equal to   104.750%   of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest. The remaining outstanding Old Notes were redeemed in the third quarter of 2016 at a redemption price of   104.375%   plus accrued and unpaid interest. In the second quarter of 2016, we recognized other expense of   $5.6   for expenses related to the Tender Offer. We recorded additional expense of   $6.8   in the third quarter of 2016 related to the call premium paid on the remaining Old Notes that were redeemed and the write-off of unamortized debt discount and issue costs related to the Old Notes. Fees of   $14.8   paid to the holders of the Old Notes to tender their notes and expenses paid to third parties related to the issuance of the Refi Notes were recognized as an adjustment to the carrying amount of the Refi Notes and will be recognized over their term as an adjustment to interest expense.  
    
  Senior Unsecured Notes 
    
  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased an aggregate principal amount of   $10.4   of the   8.375%   Senior Notes due   2022   in private, unsolicited, open market transactions. We completed these repurchases at a discount to the senior unsecured notes  par value and recognized a net gain on the repurchases totaling   $3.0   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , which is included in other income (expense). We did not repurchase any senior unsecured notes in the third quarter of 2016. 
  
   -   9  - 

     Table of Contents     

Credit Facility 
    
  AK Steel has a   $1,500.0   asset-backed revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ), which expires in   March 2019   and is guaranteed by AK Steel s parent company, AK Holding, and by the Subsidiary Guarantors. The Credit Facility contains common restrictions, including limitations on, among other things, distributions and dividends, acquisitions and investments, indebtedness, liens and affiliate transactions. The Credit Facility requires that we maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of   one to one   if availability under the Credit Facility is less than   $150.0  . The Credit Facility s current availability exceeds   $150.0  . Availability is calculated as the lesser of the Credit Facility commitment or our eligible collateral after advance rates, less outstanding borrowings and letters of credit. The Credit Facility obligations are secured by our inventory and accounts receivable, and the Credit Facility s availability fluctuates monthly based on the varying levels of eligible collateral. We do not expect any of these restrictions to affect or limit our ability to conduct business in the ordinary course. The Credit Facility includes a separate  first-in, last-out , or  FILO  tranche, which allows us to use a portion of our eligible collateral at higher advance rates. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , our eligible collateral, after application of applicable advance rates, was   $1,294.9  . As of   September 30, 2016  , there were outstanding Credit Facility borrowings of   $190.0  . Availability as of   September 30, 2016   was further reduced by   $70.5   of outstanding letters of credit, resulting in remaining availability of   $1,034.4  . 
    
  Research and Innovation Center Lease 
    
  The new research and innovation center we have been building in the Cincinnati/Dayton growth corridor to replace our existing research facility in Middletown, Ohio is nearing completion. We began moving into the new facility in October and expect to be fully transitioned in the fourth quarter of 2016. We financed the majority of the estimated   $36.0   project through a long-term capital lease and government incentives. Because of our involvement during the facility s construction, we included   $21.6   of costs that the owner-lessor has incurred in property, plant and equipment and as long-term debt in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016  . 

NOTE   6   - Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

We provide noncontributory pension and various healthcare and life insurance benefits to most employees and retirees.   No   contributions to the master pension trust are required for 2016. Based on current actuarial assumptions, we estimate that our required pension contributions will be approximately   $50.0   and   $75.0   in 2017 and 2018. Factors that affect future funding projections include differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets, actuarial data and assumptions relating to plan participants, the interest rate used to measure the pension obligations and changes to regulatory funding requirements. 

-   10  - 

     Table of Contents     

Net periodic benefit cost (income) for pension and other postretirement benefits was as follows: 

During the third quarter of 2016, we purchased an annuity contract with an insurance company with pension trust assets and transferred to the insurance company our pension obligations of   $87.0   for certain retirees or their beneficiaries receiving pension payments. Late in the third quarter of 2016, we entered another agreement with the same insurance company to purchase a second annuity contract to transfer obligations of   $123.3   for additional retirees or their beneficiaries. The pension trust transferred assets to purchase the second annuity contract in October 2016. As a result of the second transfer, we expect to record a settlement loss of approximately   $25.0   in the fourth quarter of 2016 to recognize a portion of the unrealized actuarial loss associated with the transferred obligations. We also expect to record a pension corridor charge of approximately   $106.0   in the fourth quarter of 2016 in connection with the October plan remeasurement. The corridor charge is primarily a result of a decline in discount rates since the beginning of the year, partially offset by better than expected returns on plan assets. It is possible that we may need to record an additional pension corridor charge at the end of the year if key assumptions change between the October plan remeasurement and the year-end plan remeasurement. In total, we transferred the obligations for approximately   10,000   retirees or their beneficiaries to the insurance company for amounts at similar levels to their associated obligations. 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, we performed a remeasurement of an unfunded supplemental retirement plan and recognized a   $4.9   settlement loss as a result of lump sum benefit payments made to retired participants. 

NOTE   7   - Environmental and Legal Contingencies 

Environmental Contingencies 
    
  We and our predecessors have been involved in steel manufacturing and related operations since 1900. Although we believe our operating practices have been consistent with prevailing industry standards, hazardous materials may have been released at operating sites or third-party sites in the past, including operating sites that we no longer own. If we reasonably can, we have estimated potential remediation expenditures for those sites where future remediation efforts are probable based on identified conditions, regulatory requirements or contractual obligations arising from the sale of a business or facility. For sites involving government-required investigations, we typically make an estimate of potential remediation expenditures only after the investigation is complete and when we better understand the nature and scope of the remediation. In general, the material factors in these estimates include the costs associated with investigations, delineations, risk assessments, remedial work, governmental response and oversight, site monitoring, and preparation of reports to the appropriate environmental agencies. We have recorded the following liabilities for environmental matters on our condensed consolidated balance sheets: 
  
   -   11  - 

     Table of Contents     

We cannot predict the ultimate costs for each site with certainty because of the evolving nature of the investigation and remediation process. Rather, to estimate the probable costs, we must make certain assumptions. The most significant of these assumptions is for the nature and scope of the work that will be necessary to investigate and remediate a particular site and the cost of that work. Other significant assumptions include the cleanup technology that will be used, whether and to what extent any other parties will participate in paying the investigation and remediation costs, reimbursement of past response and future oversight costs by governmental agencies, and the reaction of the governing environmental agencies to the proposed work plans. Costs for future investigation and remediation are not discounted to their present value. If we have been able to reasonably estimate future liabilities, we do not believe that there is a reasonable possibility that we will incur a loss or losses that exceed the amounts we accrued for the environmental matters discussed below that would, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, since we recognize amounts in the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States that exclude potential losses that are not probable or that may not be currently estimable, the ultimate costs of these environmental proceedings may be higher than the liabilities we currently have recorded in our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Except as we expressly note below, we do not currently anticipate any material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows as a result of compliance with current environmental regulations. Moreover, because all domestic steel producers operate under the same federal environmental regulations, we do not believe that we are more disadvantaged than our domestic competitors by our need to comply with these regulations. Some foreign competitors may benefit from less stringent environmental requirements in the countries where they produce, resulting in lower compliance costs for them and providing those foreign competitors with a cost advantage on their products. 
    
  According to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ( RCRA ), which governs the treatment, handling and disposal of hazardous waste, the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and authorized state environmental agencies may conduct inspections of RCRA-regulated facilities to identify areas where there have been releases of hazardous waste or hazardous constituents into the environment and may order the facilities to take corrective action to remediate such releases. Environmental regulators may inspect our major steelmaking facilities. While we cannot predict the future actions of these regulators, it is possible that they may identify conditions in future inspections of these facilities which they believe require corrective action. 
    
  Under authority from the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act ( CERCLA ), the EPA and state environmental authorities have conducted site investigations at certain of our facilities and other third-party facilities, portions of which previously may have been used for disposal of materials that are currently regulated. The results of these investigations are still pending, and we could be directed to spend funds for remedial activities at the former disposal areas. Because of the uncertain status of these investigations, however, we cannot reliably predict whether or when such spending might be required or their magnitude. 
    
  As previously reported, on July 27, 2001, we received a Special Notice Letter from the EPA requesting that we agree to conduct a Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study ( RI/FS ) and enter an administrative order on consent pursuant to Section 122 of CERCLA regarding our former Hamilton Plant located in New Miami, Ohio. The Hamilton Plant ceased operations in 1990, and all of its former structures have been demolished and removed. Although we did not believe that a site-wide RI/FS was necessary or appropriate, in April 2002 we entered a mutually agreed-upon administrative order on consent to perform a RI/FS of the Hamilton Plant site. We submitted the investigation portion of the RI/FS, and we completed a supplemental study in 2014. We currently have accrued   $0.7   for the remaining cost of the RI/FS. Until the RI/FS is complete, we cannot reliably estimate the additional costs, if any, we may incur for potentially required remediation of the site or when we may incur them. 
    
  As previously reported, on September 30, 1998, our predecessor, Armco Inc., received an order from the EPA under Section 3013 of RCRA requiring it to develop a plan for investigation of eight areas of our Mansfield Works that allegedly could be sources of contamination. A site investigation began in November 2000 and is continuing. We cannot reliably estimate at this time how long it will take to complete this site investigation. We currently have accrued approximately   $1.1   for the projected  
  
   -   12  - 

     Table of Contents     

cost of the study. Until the site investigation is complete, we cannot reliably estimate the additional costs, if any, we may incur for potentially required remediation of the site or when we may incur them. 
    
  As previously noted, on September 26, 2012, the EPA issued an order under Section 3013 of RCRA requiring us to develop a plan for investigation of four areas at our Ashland Works coke plant. We submitted a Sampling and Analysis Plan ( SAP ) to the EPA on October 25, 2012, and the EPA ultimately approved it on June 27, 2014. We completed Phase I of the SAP and submitted a report to the EPA on December 23, 2014. On March 3, 2016, the EPA indicated its desire to suspend the site investigation associated with the Section 3013 RCRA order until resolution of an enforcement action. We cannot reliably estimate how long it will take to complete the site investigation. On March 10, 2016, the EPA invited us to participate in settlement discussions regarding an enforcement action. In April 2015, we executed a tolling agreement with the EPA associated with these claims. Settlement discussions between the parties are ongoing, though whether the parties will reach agreement and any such agreement s terms are uncertain.  We currently have accrued approximately   $1.4   for the projected cost of the investigation and known remediation. Until the site investigation is complete, we cannot reliably estimate the costs, if any, we may incur for potential additional required remediation of the site or when we may incur them. 
    
  As previously reported, on July 15, 2009, we and the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection ( PADEP ) entered a Consent Order and Agreement (the  Consent Order ) to resolve an alleged unpermitted discharge of wastewater from the closed Hillside Landfill at our former Ambridge Works. Under the terms of the Consent Order, we paid a penalty and also agreed to implement various corrective actions, including an investigation of the area where landfill activities occurred, submission of a plan to collect and treat surface waters and seep discharges, and upon approval from PADEP, implementation of that plan. We have accrued approximately   $5.6   for the remedial work required under the approved plan and Consent Order. We submitted a National Pollution Discharge Elimination System ( NPDES ) permit application to move to the next work phase. We currently estimate that the remaining work will be completed in 2018, though it may be delayed.  
    
  As previously reported, on June 29, 2000, the United States filed a complaint on behalf of the EPA against us in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, Case No. C-1-00530, alleging violations of the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and RCRA at our Middletown Works. Subsequently, the State of Ohio, the Sierra Club and the National Resources Defense Council intervened. On May 15, 2006, the court entered a Consent Decree in Partial Resolution of Pending Claims (the  Consent Decree ). Under the Consent Decree, we paid a civil penalty and performed a supplemental environmental project to remove ozone-depleting refrigerants from certain equipment. We further agreed to undertake a comprehensive RCRA facility investigation at Middletown Works and, as appropriate, complete a corrective measures study. The Consent Decree required us to implement certain RCRA corrective action interim measures to address polychlorinated biphenyls ( PCBs ) in sediments and soils at Dicks Creek and certain other specified surface waters, adjacent floodplain areas and other previously identified geographic areas. We have completed the remedial activity at Dicks Creek, but continue to work on the RCRA facility investigation and certain interim measures. We have accrued approximately   $14.6   for the cost of known work required under the Consent Decree for the RCRA facility investigation and remaining interim measures. 
    
  As previously reported, on October 17, 2012, the EPA issued an NOV and Notice of Intent to File a Civil Administrative Complaint to our Mansfield Works alleging violations of RCRA primarily for our management of electric arc furnace dust at the facility. On September 21, 2016, a consent agreement was filed resolving this matter for a penalty of   $0.05  . 
    
  As previously reported, on May 12, 2014, the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality ( MDEQ ) issued to our Dearborn Works (then a part of Severstal Dearborn, LLC ( Dearborn )) an Air Permit to Install No. 182-05C (the  PTI ) to increase the emission limits for the blast furnace and other emission sources. The PTI was issued as a correction to a prior permit to install that did not include certain information during the prior permitting process. On July 10, 2014, the South Dearborn Environmental Improvement Association ( SDEIA ), Detroiters Working for Environmental Justice, Original United Citizens of Southwest Detroit and the Sierra Club filed a Claim of Appeal of the PTI in the State of Michigan, Wayne County Circuit, Case No. 14-008887-AA. Appellants and the MDEQ required the intervention of Dearborn (now owned by us) in this action as an additional appellee. The appellants allege multiple deficiencies with the PTI and the permitting process. On October 9, 2014, the appellants filed a Motion for Peremptory Reversal of the MDEQ s decision to issue the PTI. We believe that the MDEQ issued the PTI properly in compliance with applicable law and will vigorously contest this appeal. On October 17, 2014, we filed a motion to dismiss the appeal. Additionally, on December 15, 2014, we filed a motion to dismiss the appeal for lack of jurisdiction. At the conclusion of a hearing on all three motions on February 12, 2015, all three motions were denied. On March 18, 2015, we filed an application for leave to appeal to the Michigan Court of Appeals seeking to overturn the decision of the Circuit Court denying our motion to dismiss for lack of jurisdiction. On August 27, 2015, the Michigan Court of Appeals granted our application for leave to appeal. On July 12, 2016, the Court of Appeals denied our motion. On October 5, 2016, we filed an application with the Michigan Supreme Court for leave to appeal, seeking to overturn the decision of the Michigan Court of Appeals.     Until the appeal is resolved, we cannot determine what  
  
   -   13  - 

     Table of Contents     

the ultimate permit limits will be. Until the permit limits are determined and final, we cannot reliably estimate the costs, if any, that we may incur if the appeal causes the permit limits to change, nor can we determine if the costs will be material or when we would incur them.  
    
  As previously reported, on August 21, 2014, the SDEIA filed a Complaint under the Michigan Environmental Protection Act ( MEPA ) in the State of Michigan, Wayne County Circuit Case No. 14-010875-CE. The plaintiffs allege that the air emissions from our Dearborn Works are impacting the air, water and other natural resources, as well as the public trust in such resources. The plaintiffs are requesting, among other requested relief, that the court assess and determine the sufficiency of the PTI s limitations. On October 15, 2014, the court ordered a stay of the proceedings until a final order is issued in Wayne County Circuit Court Case No. 14-008887-AA (discussed above). When the proceedings resume, we will vigorously contest these claims. Until the claims in this Complaint are resolved, we cannot reliably estimate the costs we may incur, if any, or when we may incur them. 
    
  As previously reported, on April 27, 2000, MDEQ issued a RCRA Corrective Action Order No. 111-04-00-07E to Rouge Steel Company and Ford Motor Company for the property that includes our Dearborn Works. The Corrective Action Order has been amended five times. We are a party to the Corrective Action Order as the successor-in-interest to Dearborn, which was the successor-in-interest to Rouge Steel Company. The Corrective Action Order requires the site-wide investigation, and where appropriate, remediation of the facility. The site investigation and remediation is ongoing. We cannot reliably estimate at this time how long it will take to complete this site investigation and remediation. To date, Ford Motor Company has incurred most of the costs of the investigation and remediation due to its prior ownership of the steelmaking operations at Dearborn Works. Until the site investigation is complete, we cannot reliably estimate the additional costs we may incur, if any, for any potentially required remediation of the site or when we may incur them. 
    
  As previously reported, on August 29, 2013, the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection ( WVDEP ) issued to Mountain State Carbon a renewal NPDES permit for wastewater discharge from the facility to the Ohio River. The new NPDES permit included numerous new, and more stringent, effluent limitations. On October 7, 2013, Mountain State Carbon appealed the permit to the Environmental Quality Board ( EQB ), Appeal No. 13-25-EQB. On February 10, 2016, we reached a partial settlement with WVDEP. On June 3, 2016, we received a favorable ruling from the EQB that required WVDEP to remove the new fecal coliform limits from the discharge permit. In addition, the EQB issued favorable rulings for the two other principal issues, pertaining to selenium and temperature. WVDEP elected not to appeal the EQB s favorable rulings. Until the permit limits are determined and final, we cannot reliably estimate the costs we may incur, if any, or when we may incur them. 
    
  In addition to the foregoing matters, we are or may be involved in proceedings with various regulatory authorities that may require us to pay fines, comply with more rigorous standards or other requirements or incur capital and operating expenses for environmental compliance. We believe that the ultimate disposition of the proceedings will not have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  Legal Contingencies 
    
  As previously reported, since 1990 we have been named as a defendant in numerous lawsuits alleging personal injury as a result of exposure to asbestos. The great majority of these lawsuits have been filed on behalf of people who claim to have been exposed to asbestos while visiting the premises of one of our current or former facilities. The majority of asbestos cases pending in which we are a defendant do not include a specific dollar claim for damages. In the cases that do include specific dollar claims for damages, the complaint typically includes a monetary claim for compensatory damages and a separate monetary claim in an equal amount for punitive damages, and does not attempt to allocate the total monetary claim among the various defendants. 

-   14  - 

     Table of Contents     

The number of asbestos cases pending at   September 30, 2016  , is presented below: 

In each case, the amount described is per plaintiff against all of the defendants, collectively. Thus, it usually is not possible at the outset of a case to determine the specific dollar amount of a claim against us. In fact, it usually is not even possible at the outset to determine which of the plaintiffs actually will pursue a claim against us. Typically, that can only be determined through written interrogatories or other discovery after a case has been filed. Therefore, in a case involving multiple plaintiffs and multiple defendants, we initially only account for the lawsuit as one claim. After we have determined through discovery whether a particular plaintiff will pursue a claim, we make an appropriate adjustment to statistically account for that specific claim. It has been our experience that only a small percentage of asbestos plaintiffs ultimately identify us as a target defendant from whom they actually seek damages and most of these claims ultimately are either dismissed or settled for a small fraction of the damages initially claimed. Asbestos-related claims information in the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   is presented below: 

Since the onset of asbestos claims against us in 1990, five asbestos claims against us have proceeded to trial in four separate cases. All five concluded with a verdict in our favor. We continue to vigorously defend the asbestos claims. Based upon present knowledge, and the factors above, we believe it is unlikely that the resolution in the aggregate of the asbestos claims against us will have a materially adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. However, predictions about the outcome of pending litigation, particularly claims alleging asbestos exposure, are subject to substantial uncertainties. These uncertainties include (1) the significantly variable rate at which new claims may be filed, (2) the effect of bankruptcies of other companies currently or historically defending asbestos claims, (3) the litigation process from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and from case to case, (4) the type and severity of the disease each claimant alleged to suffer, and (5) the potential for enactment of legislation affecting asbestos litigation. 
    
  As previously reported, in September and October 2008 and again in July 2010, several companies filed purported class actions in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against nine steel manufacturers, including us. The case numbers for these actions are 08CV5214, 08CV5371, 08CV5468, 08CV5633, 08CV5700, 08CV5942, 08CV6197 and 10CV04236. On December 28, 2010, another action, case number 32,321, was filed in state court in the Circuit Court for Cocke County, Tennessee. The defendants removed the Tennessee case to federal court and in March 2012 it was transferred to the Northern District of Illinois. The plaintiffs in the various pending actions are companies that purport to have purchased steel products, directly or indirectly, from one or more of the defendants and they claim to file the actions on behalf of all persons and entities who purchased steel products for delivery or pickup in the United States from any of the named defendants at any time from at least as early as January 2005. The complaints allege that the defendant steel producers have conspired in violation of antitrust laws to restrict output and to fix, raise, stabilize and maintain artificially high prices for steel products in the United States. In March 2014, we reached an agreement with the direct purchaser plaintiffs to tentatively settle the claims asserted against us, subject to certain court approvals below. According to that settlement, we agreed to pay  
  
   -   15  - 

     Table of Contents     

$5.8   to the plaintiff class of direct purchasers in exchange for the members of that class to completely release all claims. We continue to believe that the claims made against us lack any merit, but we elected to enter the settlement to avoid the ongoing expense of defending ourselves in this protracted and expensive antitrust litigation. We provided notice of the proposed settlement to members of the settlement class. After several class members received the notice, they elected to opt out of the class settlement. Following a fairness hearing, on October 21, 2014 the Court entered an order and judgment approving the settlement and dismissing all of the direct plaintiffs  claims against us with prejudice as to the settlement class. In 2014, we recorded a charge for the amount of the tentative settlement with the direct purchaser plaintiff class and paid that amount into an escrow account, which has now been disbursed in accordance with the order that approved the settlement. At this time, we do not have adequate information available to determine that a loss is probable or to reliably or accurately estimate the potential loss, if any, for the remaining indirect purchaser plaintiff class members and any direct purchaser class members that have opted out of the class (hereinafter collectively referred to as the  Remaining Plaintiffs ). Because we have been unable to determine that a potential loss in this case for the Remaining Plaintiffs is probable or estimable, we have not recorded an accrual for this matter. If our assumptions used to evaluate a probable or estimable loss for the Remaining Plaintiffs prove to be incorrect or change, we may be required to record a charge for their claims.  
    
  As previously reported, on January 20, 2010, ArcelorMittal France and ArcelorMittal Atlantique et Lorraine (collectively  ArcelorMittal ) filed an action in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Case No. 10-050-SLR against us, Dearborn, and Wheeling-Nisshin Inc., whom Dearborn indemnified in this action. By virtue of our responsibility as a successor-in-interest to Dearborn and an indemnitor of Wheeling-Nisshin Inc, we now have complete responsibility for the defense of this action. The three named defendants are collectively referred to hereafter as  we  or  us , though the precise claims against each separate defendant may vary. The complaint alleges that we are infringing the claims of U.S. Patent No. 6,296,805 (the  Patent ) in making pre-coated cold-rolled boron steel sheet and seeks injunctive relief and unspecified compensatory damages. We filed an answer denying ArcelorMittal s claims and raised various affirmative defenses. We also filed counterclaims against ArcelorMittal for a declaratory judgment that we are not infringing the Patent and that the Patent is invalid. Subsequently, the trial court separated the issues of liability and damages. The case proceeded with a trial to a jury on the issue of liability during the week of January 15, 2011. The jury returned a verdict that we did not infringe the Patent and that the Patent was invalid. Judgment then was entered in our favor. ArcelorMittal filed an appeal with the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. On November 30, 2012, the court of appeals issued a decision reversing certain findings related to claim construction and the validity of the Patent and remanded the case to the trial court for further proceedings. On January 30, 2013, ArcelorMittal filed a motion for rehearing with the court of appeals. On March 20, 2013, the court of appeals denied ArcelorMittal s motion for rehearing. The case then was remanded to the trial court for further proceedings. On April 16, 2013, according to a petition previously filed by ArcelorMittal and ArcelorMittal USA LLC, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ( PTO ) reissued the Patent as U.S. Reissue Patent RE44,153 (the  Reissued Patent ). Also on April 16, 2013, ArcelorMittal filed a second action against us in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Case Nos. 1:13-cv-00685 and 1:13-cv-00686 (collectively the  Second Action ). The complaint filed in the Second Action alleges that we are infringing the claims of the Reissued Patent and seeks injunctive relief and unspecified compensatory damages. On April 23, 2013, we filed a motion to dismiss key elements of the complaint filed in the Second Action. In addition, the parties briefed related non-infringement and claims construction issues in the original action. On October 25, 2013, the district court granted summary judgment in our favor, confirming that our product does not infringe the original Patent or the Reissued Patent. The court further ruled that ArcelorMittal s Reissued Patent was invalid due to ArcelorMittal s deliberate violation of a statutory prohibition on broadening a patent through reissue more than two years after the original Patent was granted and that the original Patent had been surrendered when the Reissued Patent was issued and thus is no longer in effect. Final Judgment was entered on October 31, 2013. On November 6, 2013, ArcelorMittal filed a motion to clarify or, in the alternative, to alter or amend the October 31, 2013 judgment. We opposed the motion. On December 5, 2013, the court issued a memorandum and order denying the motion and entered final judgment in our favor, and against ArcelorMittal, specifically ruling that all claims of ArcelorMittal s Reissued Patent are invalid as violative of 35 U.S.C.  251(d). On December 30, 2013, ArcelorMittal filed notices of appeal to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals. The appeal has been fully briefed and the court of appeals held a hearing on November 4, 2014. On May 12, 2015, the Federal Circuit issued its decision affirming in part and reversing in part the trial court s decision and remanding the case for further proceedings. The Federal Circuit ruled that 23 of the 25 claims of the Reissued Patent were improperly broadened and therefore invalid. However, the Federal Court found that the district court erred in invalidating the remaining two claims and remanded the case for further proceedings before the district court. Following the remand, ArcelorMittal filed a motion in the trial court for leave to amend the Second Action to assert additional patent infringement claims based on another, related patent that the PTO issued on June 10, 2014, No. RE44,940 (Second Reissue Patent). It also filed a motion to dismiss the original action on the grounds that it is now moot in light of the Court of Appeals  last ruling. We opposed both of those motions. In addition, we filed separate motions for summary judgment in the original action on the grounds of non-infringement and invalidity. A hearing on all motions was held on October 27, 2015. On December 4, 2015, the district court issued an order granting our motion for summary judgment that neither of the remaining claims of the Reissued Patent are  
  
   -   16  - 

     Table of Contents     

infringed and both are invalid as obvious. The court therefore entered final judgment in favor of the defendants in the original case. In the court s order, the judge also granted ArcelorMittal s motion to file a first amended complaint in the Second Action, alleging we are infringing the claims of the Second Reissue Patent, which we deny. On December 21, 2015, ArcelorMittal filed a notice of appeal from the district court s December 4, 2015, final judgment. That appeal is fully briefed and oral argument is scheduled for November 1, 2016. On January 20, 2016, we filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint in the Second Action, or in the alternative, a motion to stay pending a resolution of the appeal in the original case. On April 19, 2016, the district court issued an order denying our motion and ordering limited discovery. Following discovery, on August 17, 2016, we filed a motion for summary judgment on the basis that the claims are precluded by the judgment in the original case. We intend to continue to contest this matter vigorously. We have not made a determination that a loss is probable and we do not have adequate information to reliably or accurately estimate potential loss if ArcelorMittal prevails in its appeal in this dispute. Because we have been unable to determine that the potential loss in this case is probable or estimable, we have not recorded an accrual for this matter. If our assumptions used to evaluate whether a loss in this matter is either probable or estimable prove to be incorrect or change, we may be required to record a liability for an adverse outcome. 
    
  As previously reported, on June 13, 2013, Cliffs Sales Company ( Cliffs ) filed an action in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, Civil Action No. 1:13 cv 1308, against us pertaining to Dearborn Works. Cliffs claims that we breached a May 21, 2008, Agreement for Sale of Reclaimed Iron Units, as amended (the  Iron Unit Agreement ). Cliffs claims that we breached the Iron Unit Agreement by failing to purchase the required amount of pellets, chips and fines as allegedly required. We filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint and asserting several affirmative defenses. In January of 2014, the presiding judge ordered a stay of the proceedings. We intend to contest this matter vigorously. At this time, we have not made a determination that a loss is probable and do not have adequate information to reliably or accurately estimate our potential loss if Cliffs prevails in this lawsuit. Because we have been unable to determine that a loss is probable or estimable, we have not recorded an accrual. If our assumptions used to evaluate whether a loss in this matter is either probable or estimable prove to be incorrect or change, we may be required to record a liability for an adverse outcome. 
    
  Trade Cases 
    
  Corrosion-Resistant Steel 
    
  On June 3, 2015, we, along with five other domestic producers, filed anti-dumping ( AD ) and countervailing duty ( CVD ) petitions against imports of corrosion-resistant steel ( CORE ) from China, India, Italy, South Korea and Taiwan. The petitions allege that unfairly traded imports of CORE from those five countries are causing material injury to the domestic industry. The United States Department of Commerce ( DOC ) initiated its investigations on June 24, 2015. On May 25, 2016, the DOC announced its final affirmative determinations that (a) imports of CORE from China, India, Italy, South Korea and Taiwan are being sold at less-than-fair-value and should be subject to final AD duties, and that (b) imports of CORE from China, India, Italy and South Korea are benefiting from government subsidies and should be subject to CVD duties. After correcting certain ministerial errors, the DOC calculated final dumping and subsidy margins as follows: 

On June 24, 2016, the International Trade Commission ( ITC ) determined that the domestic steel industry is materially injured by reason of imports of CORE from China, India, Italy, South Korea and Taiwan that are sold in the United States at less than fair value and that such products are subsidized by the governments of China, India, Italy and South Korea. As a result of the DOC s and the ITC s final determinations, importers are required to post cash deposits with the U.S. government on imports of CORE from China, India, Italy, South Korea and Taiwan at the above CVD margins and AD margins. AD and CVD measures remain in effect for a minimum of five years. 
    
  Several of the named countries have filed appeals of the final determinations on CORE with the Court of International Trade ( CIT ). We and the other domestic producers intend to oppose all appeals vigorously. 
  
   -   17  - 

     Table of Contents     

On September 23, 2016, we and other domestic producers made a filing with the DOC asserting that Chinese steel producers are attempting to circumvent the AD and CVD duties discussed above by transshipping Chinese steel through Vietnam for minor processing before importing CORE into the U.S. market. Our filing requests that the DOC find that imports of Vietnamese CORE that originated in China be subjected to the same AD and CVD duties of shipments of CORE imported directly from China. The DOC must determine whether to initiate an investigation within 45 days of the filing, which would be on or before November 7, 2016. If initiated, we expect that the investigations will take approximately eight to ten months to complete  . 
    
  Cold-Rolled Steel 
    
  On July 28, 2015, we, along with four other domestic producers, filed AD petitions against imports of cold-rolled steel from Brazil, China, India, Japan, the Netherlands, Russia, South Korea and the United Kingdom, as well as CVD petitions against imports of cold-rolled steel from Brazil, China, India, Russia and South Korea. The petitions allege that unfairly traded imports of cold-rolled steel from those eight countries are causing material injury to the domestic industry. On May 17, 2016, the DOC announced its final affirmative determinations that (a) imports of cold-rolled steel from China and Japan are being sold at less-than-fair-value and should be subject to final AD duties and that (b) imports of cold-rolled steel from China are benefiting from government subsidies and should be subject to CVD duties. On July 21, 2016, the DOC announced its final affirmative determinations that (a) imports of cold-rolled steel from Brazil, India, Russia, South Korea and the United Kingdom are being sold at less-than-fair-value and should be subject to final AD duties and that (b) imports of cold-rolled steel from Brazil, India, Russia and South Korea are benefiting from government subsidies and should be subject to CVD duties. After correcting certain ministerial errors, the DOC calculated final dumping and subsidy margins as follows (the below chart does not include the margins determined with respect to Russia because the ITC determined that the imports of cold-rolled steel are negligible, as further discussed below): 

On June 22, 2016 and September 2, 2016, the ITC announced its final determinations that the domestic steel industry is materially injured by reason of imports of cold-rolled steel from Brazil, China, India, Japan, South Korea and the United Kingdom. The ITC determined that imports of cold-rolled steel from Russia that are sold in the United States at less-than-fair-value and subsidized by the government of Russia are negligible and terminated the investigations as to Russia.   However, in October 2016, we and other domestic steel producers filed an appeal with the CIT appealing the ITC s determination on Russian   cold-rolled steel  .  
    
  As a result of the DOC s and the ITC s final determinations, importers are required to post cash deposits with the U.S. government on imports of cold-rolled steel from Brazil, China, India, Japan, South Korea and the United Kingdom at the above CVD margins and AD margins. AD and CVD measures remain in effect for a minimum of five years. 
    
  Several of the named countries have filed appeals of the final determinations on cold-rolled steel with the CIT. We and the other domestic producers intend to oppose all appeals vigorously. 
    
  On September 27, 2016, we and other domestic producers made a filing with the DOC asserting that Chinese steel producers are attempting to circumvent the AD and CVD duties discussed above by transshipping Chinese steel through Vietnam for minor processing before importing cold-rolled steel into the U.S. market. Our filing requests that the DOC find that imports of Vietnamese cold-rolled steel that originated in China be subjected to the same AD and CVD duties of shipments of cold-rolled steel imported directly from China. The DOC must determine whether to initiate an investigation within 45 days of the filing, which would be on or before November 14, 2016. If initiated, we expect that the investigations will take approximately eight to ten months to complete. 

-   18  - 

     Table of Contents     

Hot-Rolled Steel 
    
  On August 11, 2015, we, along with five other domestic producers, filed AD petitions against imports of hot-rolled steel from Australia, Brazil, Japan, the Netherlands, South Korea, Turkey and the United Kingdom, as well as CVD petitions against imports of hot-rolled steel from Brazil, South Korea and Turkey. The petitions allege that unfairly traded imports of hot-rolled steel from those seven countries are causing material injury to the domestic industry. The DOC initiated its investigations on September 1, 2015. On August 5, 2016, the DOC announced its final affirmative determinations that (a) imports of hot-rolled steel from Australia, Brazil, Japan, the Netherlands, South Korea, Turkey and the United Kingdom are being sold at less-than-fair-value and should be subject to final AD duties and that (b) imports of hot-rolled steel from Brazil and South Korea are benefiting from government subsidies and should be subject to CVD duties. After correcting certain ministerial errors, the DOC calculated final dumping and subsidy margins as follows: 

On September 12, 2016 the ITC announced its final determinations that the domestic steel industry is materially injured by reason of imports of hot-rolled steel from   Australia, Brazil, Japan, the Netherlands, South Korea, Turkey and the United Kingdom  .   As a result of the DOC s and the ITC s final determinations, importers are required to post cash deposits with the U.S. government on imports of   hot-rolled steel   from Australia, Brazil, Japan, the Netherlands, South Korea, Turkey and the United Kingdom at the above CVD margins and AD margins. AD and CVD measures remain in effect for a minimum of five years. 
    
  The final determinations on hot-rolled steel have been appealed to the CIT. We and the other domestic producers intend to oppose all appeals vigorously. 
    
  Stainless Steel 
    
  On February 12, 2016, we, along with three other domestic producers, filed AD and CVD petitions against imports of stainless steel from China. The petitions allege that unfairly traded imports of stainless steel from China are causing material injury to the domestic industry. The DOC initiated its investigations on March 4, 2016. On March 25, 2016, the ITC made a unanimous preliminary determination of injury to the domestic industry caused by imports of stainless steel from China. On June 23, 2016, the DOC preliminarily determined that Chinese producers significantly increased their shipments of products into the U.S. market before the DOC s preliminary determination of AD and CVD duties and, as such, that   critical circumstances exist for imports of certain stainless steel from China.   On July 12, 2016, the DOC preliminarily determined that imports of stainless steel from China are benefiting from unfair government subsidies and should be subject to CVD duties. On September 12, 2016, the DOC also preliminarily determined that imports of stainless steel from China are being sold at less-than-fair-value and should be subject to AD duties. The DOC s critical circumstances preliminary determination also allows the DOC to impose CVD duties on certain stainless steel imports from China retroactively from April 19, 2016 and AD duties retroactively from 90 days prior to the publication of the DOC s preliminary determination in the Federal Register.  The DOC calculated preliminary dumping and subsidy margins as follows: 

As a result of the DOC s and ITC s preliminary determinations, importers of stainless steel from China are required to post cash deposits with the U.S. government on imports of stainless steel from at the above CVD margins and AD margins. Preliminary duties will remain in effect until the DOC issues final determinations. We expect the entire investigation to take  
  
   -   19  - 

     Table of Contents     

approximately one year, with final determinations of whether dumping, subsidization and injury have occurred likely issued in the first quarter of 2017. 
    
  Grain-Oriented Electrical Steel 
    
  On September 18, 2013, we, along with another domestic producer and the United Steelworkers (collectively, the  Petitioners ), filed trade cases against imports of grain-oriented electrical steel ( GOES ) from seven countries. We filed AD petitions against China, the Czech Republic, Germany, Japan, Poland, Russia and South Korea and a CVD petition against China charging that unfairly traded imports of GOES from those seven countries are causing material injury to the domestic industry. The DOC initiated the cases on October 24, 2013. On November 19, 2013, the ITC made a preliminary determination that there is a reasonable indication that GOES imports caused or threaten to cause material injury. On May 5, 2014, the DOC issued preliminary determinations that imports of GOES from China, the Czech Republic, Germany, Japan, Poland, Russia and South Korea are being dumped in the United States. On July 17, 2014, the DOC issued final dumping determinations for imports of GOES from Germany, Japan and Poland, affirming the preliminary dumping margins for these three countries. As a result of the preliminary dumping determinations on China, the Czech Republic, Russia and South Korea, and the final dumping determinations on Germany, Japan and Poland, importers were required to post cash deposits with U.S. Customs and Border Protection on imports of GOES from these seven countries (in addition to any deposits required by the preliminary affirmative CVD determinations). The DOC also reached affirmative preliminary critical circumstances findings for Poland and Russia. The ITC issued its final determination for imports of GOES from China, the Czech Republic, Germany, Japan, Poland, Russia and South Korea in separate decisions issued on August 27, 2014 and October 23, 2014. In each of these decisions, the ITC determined in a 5-1 vote that the United States steel industry is neither materially injured nor threatened with material injury by those imports. These two ITC decisions nullify the DOC s preliminary assessment of dumping duties on GOES imports from each of the countries in the filed trade petition, as well as a CVD determination for China. On September 16, 2014, the Petitioners filed an appeal of the ITC s August 27, 2014 decision to the CIT, and on November 13, 2014, the Petitioners filed an appeal of the ITC s October 23, 2014 decision to the CIT. The CIT consolidated those two appeals into a single appeal. The parties have fully briefed the appeal and are awaiting the decision by the CIT. 
    
  Other Contingencies 
    
  In addition to the matters we discussed above, there are various pending and potential claims against us and our subsidiaries involving product liability, commercial, employee benefits and other matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Because of the considerable uncertainties which exist for any claim, it is difficult to reliably or accurately estimate what would be the amount of a loss if a claimant prevails. If material assumptions or factual understandings we rely on to evaluate exposure for these contingencies prove to be inaccurate or otherwise change, we may be required to record a liability for an adverse outcome. If, however, we have reasonably evaluated potential future liabilities for all of these contingencies, including those described more specifically above, it is our opinion, unless we otherwise noted, that the ultimate liability from these contingencies, individually and in the aggregate, should not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

NOTE   8   - Stockholders  Equity 

In May 2016, AK Holding issued   59.8 million   shares of common stock at   $4.40   per share. We received net proceeds of   $249.4   after underwriting discounts and other fees. We used the net proceeds from the sale of the common stock to reduce our debt by repaying outstanding borrowings under our Credit Facility. 
    
  On September 7, 2016, our stockholders approved an amendment of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance from   300 million   to   450 million   shares. 

-   20  - 

Table of Contents     

NOTE   9   - Share-based Compensation  

AK Holding s Stock Incentive Plan ( SIP ) permits the granting of nonqualified stock option, restricted stock, performance share and restricted stock unit awards to our Directors, officers and other employees. At our Annual Meeting of Stockholders in May 2016, stockholders approved an increase of   4.8 million   shares in the number of shares reserved for issuance under the SIP. We have estimated share-based compensation expense to be   $5.7   for   2016  . The   third   quarter and year-to-date information is presented below: 

We granted stock options on   623,200   shares during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , with a weighted-average fair value of   $1.27   per share of stock option.   15,050   options were exercised in   2016  . 
    
  We granted restricted stock awards of   613,060   shares during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , at a weighted-average fair value of   $1.78   per share. The total intrinsic value of restricted stock awards that vested (i.e., restrictions lapsed) during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $1.7  . 
    
  We granted performance share awards of   484,500   shares during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , with a weighted-average fair value of   $1.74   per share. 

-   21  - 

Table of Contents     

NOTE   10   - Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, information is presented below: 

(a) 
    Included in cost of products sold. 
              (b) 
    Included in pension and OPEB expense (income). 

-   22  - 

Table of Contents     

NOTE   11   - Earnings per Share 

Earnings per share are calculated using the  two-class  method. Under the  two-class  method, undistributed earnings are allocated to both common shares and participating securities. We divide the sum of distributed earnings to common stockholders and undistributed earnings to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The restricted stock granted by AK Holding is entitled to dividends before vesting and meets the criteria of a participating security. 

NOTE   12   - Variable Interest Entities 

SunCoke Middletown 
    
  We purchase all the coke and electrical power generated from SunCoke Middletown s plant under long-term supply agreements. SunCoke Middletown is a variable interest entity because we have committed to purchase all the expected production from the facility through at least 2031 and we are the primary beneficiary. Therefore, we consolidate SunCoke Middletown s financial results with our financial results, even though we have   no   ownership interest in SunCoke Middletown. SunCoke Middletown had income before income taxes of   $17.9   and   $17.5   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   and   $52.5   and   $47.5   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   that was included in our consolidated income (loss) before income taxes. 

-   23  - 

     Table of Contents     

Vicksmetal/Armco Associates 
    
  We indirectly own a   50%   interest in Vicksmetal/Armco Associates ( VAA ), a joint venture with Vicksmetal Company, which is owned by Sumitomo Corporation. VAA slits electrical steel primarily for AK Steel, though also for third parties. VAA is a variable interest entity and we are the primary beneficiary. Therefore, we consolidate VAA s financial results with our financial results. 

NOTE   13   - Fair Value Measurements                 

We measure certain assets and liabilities at fair value. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the  exit price ) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In determining fair value, we use various valuation approaches. The hierarchy of those valuation approaches is broken down into three levels based on the reliability of inputs as follows: 

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices, that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include model-generated values that rely on inputs either directly observed or readily-derived from available market data sources, such as Bloomberg or other news and data vendors. They include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (e.g., interest rates and yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals or current market) and contractual prices for the underlying financial instrument, as well as other relevant economic factors. As a practical expedient, we estimate the value of common/collective trusts by using the net asset value per share multiplied by the number of shares of the trust investment held as of the measurement date. If we have the ability to redeem our investment in the respective alternative investment at the net asset value with no significant restrictions on the redemption at the consolidated balance sheet date, we categorized the alternative investment as a Level 2 measurement in the fair value hierarchy. We generate fair values for our commodity derivative contracts and foreign currency forward contracts from observable futures prices for the respective commodity or currency, from sources such as the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) or the London Metal Exchange (LME). In cases where the derivative is an option contract (including caps, floors and collars), we adjust our valuations to reflect the counterparty s valuation assumptions. After validating that the counterparty s assumptions for implied volatilities reflect independent source s assumptions, we discount these model-generated future values with discount factors that reflect the counterparty s credit quality. We apply different discount rates to different contracts since the maturities and counterparties differ. As of   September 30, 2016  , a spread over benchmark rates of less than   1%   was used for derivatives valued as assets and less than   6%   for derivatives valued as liabilities. We have estimated the fair value of long-term debt based upon quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on the current interest rates available to us for debt on similar terms and with similar maturities. 

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs are used to measure fair value if observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date. This level of categorization is not applicable to our valuations on a normal recurring basis other than for a portion of our pension assets. 

-   24  - 

     Table of Contents     

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are presented below: 

The carrying amounts of our other financial instruments do not differ materially from their estimated fair values at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

NOTE   14   - Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

Exchange rate fluctuations affect a portion of intercompany receivables that are denominated in foreign currencies, and we use forward currency contracts to reduce our exposure to certain of these currency price fluctuations. These contracts have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes and gains or losses are reported in earnings on a current basis in other income (expense). 
    
  We are exposed to fluctuations in market prices of raw materials and energy sources. We may use cash-settled commodity price swaps and options (including collars) to hedge the market risk associated with the purchase of certain of our raw materials and energy requirements. For input commodities, these derivatives are typically used for a portion of our natural gas, nickel, iron ore, zinc and electricity requirements. Our hedging strategy is to reduce the effect on earnings from the price volatility of these various commodity exposures. Independent of any hedging activities, price changes in any of these commodity markets could negatively affect operating costs or selling prices. 
    
  All commodity derivatives are recognized as an asset or liability at fair value. We record the effective gains and losses for commodity derivatives designated as cash flow hedges of forecasted purchases of raw materials and energy sources in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassify them into cost of products sold in the same period we recognize earnings for the associated underlying transaction. We recognize gains and losses on these designated derivatives arising from either hedge ineffectiveness or from components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness in current earnings under cost of products sold. We record all gains or losses from derivatives for which hedge accounting treatment has not been elected to earnings on a current basis in cost of products sold. We have provided   $1.6   of collateral to counterparties under collateral funding arrangements as of   September 30, 2016  . 

-   25  - 

     Table of Contents     

Outstanding commodity price swaps and options and forward foreign exchange contracts are presented below: 

The fair value of derivative instruments in the condensed consolidated balance sheets is presented below: 
                               Asset (liability) 
      
    September 30,  2016 
      
    December 31,  2015 
      Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Other current assets commodity contracts 
      
    $ 
    4.4 

$ 
    0.3 
      
      Other noncurrent assets commodity contracts 
      
    2.2 

0.3 
      
      Accrued liabilities commodity contracts 
      
    (5.5 
    ) 
      
    (40.9 
    ) 
      Other non-current liabilities commodity contracts 
      
    (2.2 
    ) 
      
    (9.5 
    ) 
      Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Other current assets: 

Foreign exchange contracts 

1.1 
      
      Commodity contracts 
      
    6.2 

0.2 
      
      Other noncurrent assets commodity contracts 
      
    1.6 

Accrued liabilities commodity contracts 
      
    (0.9 
    ) 
      
    (0.3 
    ) 
      Other noncurrent liabilities commodity contracts 
      
    (0.1 
    ) 

Gains (losses) on derivative instruments included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations are presented below: 

The termination of the pellet offtake agreement with Magnetation and entry into the Settlement Agreement will affect the future accounting treatment of our existing iron ore derivatives contracts. We previously designated certain derivative contracts as cash flow hedges on a portion of the Magnetation iron ore purchases. As a result of the entry into the Settlement Agreement, we discontinued designating those derivatives contracts as hedging instruments and reclassified   $1.7   of gains from accumulated other comprehensive income into cost of products sold in the third quarter of 2016. For future periods, we will immediately recognize future changes in the fair value of the derivative contracts in earnings when the change occurs, instead of when we recognize the underlying cost of iron ore, thus potentially increasing the volatility of our results of  
  
   -   26  - 

     Table of Contents     

operations. This volatility does not affect the ultimate gains or losses on the derivative contracts we will recognize in the financial statements, but only the timing of recognition. 
    
  Gains (losses) before tax expected to be reclassified into cost of products sold within the next twelve months for our existing commodity contracts that qualify for hedge accounting, as well as the period over which we are hedging our exposure to the volatility in future cash flows, are presented below: 

NOTE   15   - Supplementary Cash Flow Information 

Net cash paid (received) during the period for interest, net of capitalized interest, and income taxes are presented below: 

Included in net cash flows from operations was cash provided by SunCoke Middletown of   $68.0   and   $68.2   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Consolidated cash and cash equivalents at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , include SunCoke Middletown s cash and cash equivalents of   $12.2   and   $7.6  . SunCoke Middletown s cash and cash equivalents have no compensating balance arrangements or legal restrictions, but are not available for our use. 
    
  We had capital investments during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , that had not been paid as of the end of the respective period. These amounts are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and have been excluded from the consolidated statements of cash flows until paid. We have included costs incurred by the owner-lessor of the Research and Innovation Center in property, plant and equipment and as a capital lease in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016  , which represents a non-cash transaction for us. We also granted restricted stock to certain employees and restricted stock units to directors under the SIP. Non-cash investing and financing activities are presented below: 

NOTE   16   - Union Contracts 

In the third quarter of 2016, members of the United Auto Workers,   Local 3303  , ratified a labor agreement covering approximately   1,205   employees at Butler Works. The new agreement is scheduled to expire on   April 1, 2019  .  
    
  An agreement with the United Auto Workers,   Local 600  , which represents approximately   1,160   employees at Dearborn Works, is scheduled to expire on   March 31, 2017  . An agreement with the United Steelworkers,   Local 169  , which represents approximately   300   employees at Mansfield Works, is scheduled to expire on   March 31, 2017  . An agreement with the United Auto Workers,   Local 3044  , that governs approximately   187   production employees at Rockport Works, is scheduled to expire on   September 30, 2017  . We are currently negotiating with the United Auto Workers,   Local 3044  , the terms to add approximately   134   maintenance employees to the existing collective bargaining agreement. 

-   27  - 

Table of Contents     

NOTE   17   - New Accounting Pronouncements 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  , during the second quarter of 2014. Topic 606, as further amended by subsequent Accounting Standard Updates, affects virtually all aspects of an entity s revenue recognition, including determining the measurement of revenue and the timing of when it is recognized for the transfer of goods or services to customers. Topic 606 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of Topic 606 on our financial position and results of operations. 
    
  FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  , during the first quarter of 2016. Topic 842 requires entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities and disclose key information about leasing arrangements for certain leases. Topic 842 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of Topic 842 on our financial position and results of operations. 
    
  FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  , during the first quarter of 2016. Topic 718 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payments. Topic 718 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of Topic 718 on our financial position and results of operations. 

NOTE   18   - Supplementary Guarantor Information 

AK Steel s   7.50%   Senior Secured Notes due July 2023,   7.625%   Senior Notes due May 2020,   7.625%   Senior Notes due October 2021 and   8.375%   Senior Notes due April 2022 (collectively, the  Senior Notes ) and   5.00%   Exchangeable Senior Notes due November 2019 (the  Exchangeable Notes ) are governed by indentures entered into by AK Holding and its 100%-owned subsidiary, AK Steel. In July 2016, we designated our 100%-owned subsidiary, Mountain State Carbon, as an additional guarantor subsidiary of the Senior Notes. Under the terms of the indentures, AK Holding and the guarantor subsidiaries (AK Steel s 100%-owned subsidiaries, AK Tube, AK Properties and Mountain State Carbon) each fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, guarantee the payment of interest, principal and premium, if any, on each of the notes included in the Senior Notes. 
    
  Under the terms of the indenture for the Exchangeable Notes, AK Holding fully and unconditionally, jointly and severally, guarantees the payment of interest, principal and premium, if any, on the Exchangeable Notes. AK Holding remains the sole guarantor of the Exchangeable Notes. 
    
  We present all investments in subsidiaries in the supplementary guarantor information using the equity method of accounting. Therefore, the net income (loss) of the subsidiaries accounted for using the equity method is in their parents  investment accounts. The principal elimination entries eliminate investments in subsidiaries and inter-company balances and transactions. The following supplementary condensed consolidating financial statements present information about AK Holding, AK Steel, the guarantor subsidiaries of the Senior Notes and the other non-guarantor subsidiaries. 

-   28  - 

     Table of Contents     

-   29  - 

     Table of Contents     

-   30  - 

     Table of Contents     

-   31  - 

     Table of Contents     

-   32  - 

     Table of Contents     

-   33  - 

     Table of Contents     

-   34  - 

     Table of Contents     

-   35  - 

Table of Contents     

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
  (dollars in millions, except per share and per ton data or as otherwise specifically noted) 

Results of Operations 
    
  Our primary operations include eight steelmaking and finishing plants, two coke plants and two tube manufacturing operations across six states Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. These operations produce flat-rolled carbon steels, including premium-quality coated, cold-rolled and hot-rolled carbon steel products, and specialty stainless and electrical steels that we sell in sheet and strip form, as well as carbon and stainless steel that we finish into welded steel tubing. We sell these products to our customers in three primary markets: (i) automotive; (ii) infrastructure and manufacturing; and (iii) distributors and converters. We sell carbon steel products principally to domestic customers and electrical and stainless steel products both domestically and internationally. We also produce welded carbon and stainless steel tubing used in the automotive, large truck, industrial and construction markets. In the third quarter of 2016, we began operating a new tube manufacturing facility in Mexico. In addition, we operate Mexican and European trading companies that buy and sell steel and steel products and other materials. 

Overview 
    
  Selling higher-value carbon, stainless and electrical steels, optimizing our operational footprint, realizing the effects of lower raw material costs and improved carbon steel spot market pricing produced higher margins in the   third   quarter of   2016  . Our net income and adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  section below) each increased substantially for the   third   quarter of   2016   from the   third   quarter of   2015  . We generated net income of   $50.9  , or   $0.21   per diluted share of common stock, in the   third   quarter of   2016  , as compared to net income of   $6.7  , or   $0.04   per diluted share in the   third   quarter of   2015  . We reported adjusted EBITDA of   $156.6  , or   10.8%   of net sales, for the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to adjusted EBITDA of   $120.0  , or   7.0%   of net sales, for the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  Largely as a result of our decision to reduce our exposure to the commodity spot markets, shipments for the   third   quarter of   2016   declined   24%   to   1,425,900   tons from the same quarter a year ago. The decrease in shipments was primarily in the distributors and converters market, which declined by   53%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . Reducing our participation in the commodity steel markets helped us to achieve a higher average selling price, which increased   11%   to   $1,016   per ton in the recent   third   quarter compared to the year ago   third   quarter. The benefits of selling a higher-value product mix and capturing higher carbon steel spot market prices were partly offset by lower year-over-year pricing in our automotive contracts. The decrease in shipments and lower automotive contract pricing caused net sales for the   third   quarter of   2016   to decline   15%   to   $1,452.9  , compared to net sales of   $1,709.9   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  Costs for natural gas and raw materials, especially iron ore pellets, coke and scrap, in the third quarter of 2016 were favorable to the third quarter of 2015. This benefit was slightly offset by a lower LIFO   credit   of   $24.2   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , compared to a LIFO   credit   of   $44.8   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The net benefit of these actions resulted in higher adjusted EBITDA in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
    
  We ended the   third   quarter of 2016 with total liquidity of   $1,078.6  , consisting of cash and cash equivalents and   $1,034.4   of availability under our revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ), a significant improvement from total liquidity of   $700.2   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  During the   third   quarter of   2016  , we successfully concluded the anti-dumping ( AD ) and countervailing duty ( CVD ) cases that we and other major domestic steel producers initiated over a year ago against imports of corrosion-resistant, cold-rolled and hot-rolled carbon steel products from multiple foreign countries. During the third quarter, the International Trade Commission ( ITC )   issued the last of its final determinations that the domestic steel industry has been materially injured by imports of these steel products from the countries named in the petitions. As a result, the final duties determined by   the United States Department of Commerce ( DOC ), which in some cases exceed 400% for combined AD and CVD duties, will remain in effect for a minimum of five years. Also, in late September 2016, we and other domestic producers made filings with the DOC asserting that Chinese steel producers are attempting to circumvent the AD and CVD duties against corrosion-resistant and cold-rolled carbon steel by transshipping Chinese steel through Vietnam for minor processing before importing final steel products into the U.S. market. Our filings request that the DOC find that imports of Vietnamese corrosion-resistant and cold-rolled steel that originated in China be subjected to the same AD and CVD duties of shipments of those steel products imported directly from China. We expect the DOC to determine whether to initiate these investigations in November 2016.  

-   36  - 

     Table of Contents     

On the stainless steel front, the AD and CVD cases that we and other domestic producers filed against China continue to progress. The DOC has made preliminary affirmative determination that imports of Chinese stainless steel are benefiting from government subsidies and are being sold for less than fair value. As such, the DOC has assessed preliminary CVD duties ranging from   57.30%   to   193.12%   and preliminary AD duties ranging from   63.86%   to   76.64%  . 
    
  For further discussion on the trade cases, see Note   7   to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Steel Shipments 
    
  Total shipments were   1,425,900   tons and   1,871,200   tons for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , and   2015  . Total shipments were   4,639,600   tons and   5,433,400   tons for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , and   2015  . The following table shows net shipments by product: 

Net Sales 
    
  Net sales for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   of   $1,452.9   were   15%   lower than net sales of   $1,709.9   for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . Net sales for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   of   $4,463.9   were   13%   lower than net sales of   $5,150.2   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . However, an improved product mix of higher-value steels resulted in an average selling price that increased   11%   to   $1,016   in the   third   quarter of   2016   from   $912   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The average selling price for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   of   $960   per ton was   1%   higher than our average selling price of   $947   per ton for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , reflecting our focus on producing and selling higher-value carbon, stainless and electrical steels, partially offset by lower year-over-year pricing for the automotive and spot markets. 
    
  We shipped approximately   91%   of our flat-rolled steel products in the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   to contract customers, with the balance to customers in the spot market. We have contracts with all of our major automotive and most of our infrastructure and manufacturing market customers. These contracts include prices for each product during contract periods, which are generally one year or less. In the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , approximately half of our shipments to contract customers were fixed price contracts and the other half contained variable-pricing mechanisms during the contract period. For carbon steel contracts containing variable-pricing mechanisms, roughly half of the shipments are based on certain steel market indices, while the other half are based on input cost changes, with resulting adjustments typically occurring at three- or six-month intervals. All shipments under stainless and electrical steel contracts include monthly price adjustments based on raw material surcharges. 
    
  Net sales to customers outside the United States for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were   $154.2   and   $504.0  , compared to   $216.4   and   $648.4   for the corresponding periods in   2015  , primarily due to lower carbon steel shipments to Canada and lower electrical steel shipments. 

-   37  - 

     Table of Contents     

The following table presents the percentage of our net sales to each of our markets: 

Cost of Products Sold 
    
  Cost of products sold were   $1,194.1   and   $3,884.6   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , a decline from   $1,524.4   and   $4,712.2   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , principally due to lower shipment levels, structural operational improvements, and lower raw material and energy costs. Cost of products sold as a percentage of sales improved to   82.2%   and   87.0%   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , from   89.2%   and   91.5%   for the corresponding periods in 2015. We recorded LIFO   credits   of   $24.2   and   $15.8   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to LIFO   credits   of   $44.8   and   $96.7   for the corresponding periods in   2015  . The LIFO credits in 2016 reflect the declines in raw material costs. Planned maintenance outage costs were   $16.9   and   $40.0   in the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to   $11.8   and   $43.6   for the corresponding periods in   2015  . 
    
  Selling and Administrative Expenses 
    
  Selling and administrative expenses for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   were   $80.0   and   $205.7  , compared to   $65.7   and   $198.4   for the corresponding periods in   2015  . The increases were due primarily to an increase for employee incentive compensation, partially offset by ongoing cost reduction efforts that continued throughout the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Depreciation 
    
  Depreciation expense for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $53.7   and   $161.7  , compared to   $55.5   and   $166.6   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Pension and Other Postretirement Employee Benefit ( OPEB ) Expense (Income) 
    
  Pension and OPEB income was   $5.7   and   $29.5   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to   $15.9   and   $48.1   for the corresponding periods in   2015  . The decrease in income was principally a result of lower pension assets and related expected returns on assets. 
    
  Operating Profit 
    
  Operating profit was   $130.8   and   $241.4   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to   $80.2   and   $121.1   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . Included in operating profit was   $17.9   and   $52.5   related to SunCoke Middletown for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to   $17.5   and   $47.5   for the corresponding periods in   2015  . Overall, we adjusted our operations to support a higher margin product mix, with fewer tons shipped but at a higher average selling price. 
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $40.3   and   $124.5  , compared to   $43.0   and   $130.4   for the same periods in   2015  . The decreases from   2015   were primarily related to lower debt obligations in 2016. 
    
  Impairment of Magnetation Investment 
    
  For the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of   $256.3   to write off our investment in Magnetation. For further discussion, see the   Magnetation   section below and Note   3   to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

-   38  - 

     Table of Contents     

Other Income (Expense) 
    
  Other income (expense) was   $(7.0)   and   $(5.6)   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to other income (expense) of   $4.3   and   $(10.9)   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . We incurred gains (losses) on the retirement of debt of   $(6.8)   and   $(9.4)   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , and $4.3 and $4.7 for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . Also, included in other income (expense) for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was our share of loss for Magnetation of   $16.3  . The results of operations since the first quarter of 2015 do not include any income or losses of Magnetation since we reduced our basis in the Magnetation investment to zero as of March 31, 2015.  
    
  Income Tax Expense 
    
  We used the discrete method to estimate income tax expense of   $14.6   and   $4.1   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to   $17.2   and   $39.5   for the   three and nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . Income taxes are based on our actual year-to-date financial results through   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , as well as the related changes in the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. We are unable to estimate the annual effective tax rate for   2016   with sufficient precision for purposes of the effective tax rate method, which requires us to consider a projection of full-year income, the expected change in the valuation allowance and the projected change in value of our identified tax-planning strategy, which is based on costs for raw materials and their impact on LIFO income. The estimated annual effective tax rate method is not reliable due to its sensitivity to small changes to forecasted annual pre-tax earnings and the effect of our valuation allowance and tax planning strategy, which creates results that vary significantly from the customary relationship between income tax expense and pre-tax income for interim periods. As a result, we determined that the discrete method is more appropriate than the annual effective tax rate method. We estimated the change in valuation allowances required based on our year-to-date financial results and the change in value of the identified tax-planning strategy. In addition, the change in valuation allowance for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   includes a   $5.1   benefit related to the effect of the Protecting American Taxpayers and Homeowners (PATH) Act, which allows for the realizability of certain alternative minimum tax credits. 
    
  Net Income (Loss) and Adjusted Net Income (Loss) 
    
  As a result of the various factors and conditions described above, we reported net income of   $50.9  , or   $0.21   per diluted share, for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to net income of   $6.7  , or   $0.04   per diluted share, for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . We reported net income of   $54.6  , or   $0.26   per diluted share, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to a net loss of   $363.6  , or   $2.05   per diluted share, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . Included in the results for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , was an impairment charge of   $256.3 million  , or   $1.44   per diluted share, to fully impair our investment in Magnetation. 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA 
    
  Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below under Non-GAAP Financial Measures) of   $156.6  , or   10.8%   of net sales, for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , was higher than the adjusted EBITDA of   $120.0  , or   7.0%   of net sales, for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015  . Adjusted EBITDA of   $337.0  , or   7.5%   of net sales, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , was also up significantly from adjusted EBITDA of   $225.1  , or   4.4%   of net sales, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
    
  In certain of our disclosures, we have reported adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin that exclude the effects of noncontrolling interests and an impairment charge for our investment in Magnetation. EBITDA is an acronym for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. It is a metric that is sometimes used to compare the results of different companies by removing the effects of different factors that might otherwise make comparisons inaccurate or inappropriate. For purposes of this report, we have made adjustments to EBITDA to exclude the effect of noncontrolling interests and an impairment charge for our investment in Magnetation. The adjusted results, although not financial measures under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) and not identically applied by other companies, facilitate the ability to analyze our financial results in relation to those of our competitors and to our prior financial performance by excluding items that otherwise would distort the comparison. Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin are not, however, intended as alternative measures of operating results or cash flow from operations as determined in accordance with GAAP and are not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 

-   39  - 

     Table of Contents     

Neither current nor potential investors in our securities should rely on adjusted EBITDA or adjusted EBITDA margin as a substitute for any GAAP financial measure and we encourage current and potential investors to review the following reconciliations of adjusted EBITDA. 

Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA 

(a) 
    The reconciliation of EBITDA of noncontrolling interests to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is as follows: 

Outlook 
    
  All of the statements in this   Outlook   section are subject to, and qualified by, the information in the   Forward-Looking Statements   section. 
    
  Below are certain factors relevant to our   fourth   quarter   2016   outlook. Those factors include the following: 
    
           1. 
    We expect relatively flat shipment levels overall in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter of 2016. 
       
           2. 
    We currently estimate that the average selling price will be modestly lower than the third quarter. The decline in average selling price primarily reflects the impact on our business from the recent decline in carbon spot market pricing, lower pricing from customer contracts that are impacted by spot market indices and a slightly higher mix of shipments to the carbon spot market. 
       
           3. 
    We currently expect raw material costs at year end to decline from third quarter levels. Changes in expected raw material costs on our expected inventory levels at year end will affect our adjustments to LIFO in the fourth quarter. Accordingly, we anticipate a lower LIFO credit than we incurred in the third quarter. 
       
           4. 
    Maintenance outage costs are expected to be approximately   $25.0  , primarily due to maintenance at the Dearborn Works and Butler Works melt shops and the outage at the Dearborn Works galvanizing line to install new equipment that will enhance our high-strength carbon steel production capabilities. 
     
   -   40  - 

     Table of Contents     

5. 
    As a result of these factors, we expect adjusted EBITDA margins to be similar to or slightly better than the second quarter and lower than the third quarter. 
       
           6. 
    In connection with the approval of the Magnetation Settlement Agreement, we expect to recognize a charge in the fourth quarter of 2016 for the   $36.6   Termination Payment to the bankruptcy estate and a charge in the range of   $15.0   to   $35.0   for the present value of remaining obligations under contracts with other third parties to transport pellets to our facilities. The actual payments for these contracts will be made over the next   12.5 years  . We are working on actions to mitigate our expense for these contracts, but can give no assurance that we will be successful. We currently anticipate that the financial benefits from cost savings and cost avoidance, including savings resulting from lower pricing of replacement iron ore pellets from other suppliers, will partially offset the Termination Payment in 2016 and fully offset it by the end of 2017. 
       
           7. 
    We expect to record a pension settlement loss of approximately   $25.0   in the fourth quarter of 2016 to recognize a portion of the unrealized actuarial loss related to our purchase of annuity contracts with an insurance company to transfer obligations for approximately 10,000 retirees or their beneficiaries receiving pension payments. We also expect to record a pension corridor charge of approximately   $106.0   in the fourth quarter of 2016 in connection with the October remeasurement of the plan. The corridor charge is primarily a result of a decline in discount rates since the beginning of the year, partially offset by better than expected returns on plan assets. It is possible that we may need to record an additional pension corridor charge at the end of the year if key assumptions change between the October plan remeasurement and the year-end remeasurement. Under our method of accounting for pension and other postretirement benefit plans, we recognize into income, typically as a fourth quarter adjustment, any unrecognized actuarial gains and losses that exceed 10% of the larger of projected benefit obligations or plan assets (the  corridor ). These corridor charges are driven mainly by changes in assumptions and by events and circumstances beyond our control, primarily changes in interest rates, performance of the financial markets, healthcare cost trends and mortality and retirement experience. In any given year, we are unable to reliably forecast or predict whether we will incur corridor charges or, if we do, what the magnitude of those charges will be. 
       
  The foregoing factors are based on our current estimates and may change based on business conditions and other factors. There are many other factors that could significantly affect our   fourth   quarter and full year   2016   results, including developments in the domestic and global economies, in our business, and in the businesses of our customers, suppliers and competitors. Therefore, our outlook may change as a result of those and other factors. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had total liquidity of   $1,078.6  , consisting of   $44.2   of cash and cash equivalents and   $1,034.4   of availability under the Credit Facility. At   September 30, 2016  , our eligible collateral, after application of advance rates, was   $1,294.9  . At   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding borrowings of   $190.0   from the Credit Facility, and   $70.5   of outstanding letters of credit that further reduced availability. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , our borrowings from the Credit Facility ranged from   $135.0   to   $665.0  , with outstanding borrowings averaging   $361.7   per day. We expect to use the Credit Facility as necessary to fund requirements for working capital, capital investments and other general corporate purposes. Consolidated cash and cash equivalents of   $57.5   at   September 30, 2016  , includes   $13.3   of cash and cash equivalents of consolidated variable interest entities, which are not available for our use. 
    
  We believe that our current sources of liquidity will be adequate to meet our obligations for the foreseeable future. We expect to fund future liquidity requirements for items such as employee and retiree benefit obligations, scheduled debt maturities, debt redemptions and capital investments by internally-generated cash and other financing sources. We may also, from time to time, repurchase outstanding notes in the open market on an unsolicited basis, by tender offer, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. If we would need to fund any of our working capital, planned capital investments or debt repayment other than through internally-generated cash, we have   $1,034.4   of availability under our Credit Facility. In addition, we regularly evaluate accessing the equity and debt capital markets as a source of liquidity if we view conditions to be favorable. We have no scheduled debt maturities until   November 2019  , when our   $150.0   of   5.0%   Exchangeable Senior Notes (the  Exchangeable Notes ) are due. In addition, our Credit Facility does not expire until   March 2019  , when we would need to repay or refinance any amounts outstanding under it. Our forward-looking statements on liquidity are based on currently available information and expectations and, if the information or expectations are inaccurate or conditions deteriorate, there could be a material adverse effect on our liquidity. 

-   41  - 

     Table of Contents     

Cash from operations totaled   $287.9   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . This total included cash generated by SunCoke Middletown of   $68.0  , which can only be used by SunCoke Middletown for its operations or for distribution to its equity owners. Significant sources of cash included cash from inventory of   $137.9  , partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable and decreases in accounts payable. 

Investing and Financing Activities 
    
  As previously disclosed, from time to time we may consider utilizing capital market transactions, including issuing additional equity, as part of our efforts to reduce our leverage. As part of our strategy to reduce debt levels, we issued   59.8 million   shares of common stock at   $4.40   per share in the second quarter of   2016  . We used net proceeds of   $249.4   to reduce outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility. To refinance near-term maturities, we issued   $380.0   in principal amount of   7.50%   senior secured notes due 2023 and repaid   $251.7   in principal amount of the existing senior secured notes due 2018 (the  Old Notes ) through a tender offer in the second quarter of   2016  . We subsequently called, repaid and retired the remaining   $128.3   in principal of the Old Notes in the third quarter of 2016. To expand our flexibility with equity, on September 7, 2016, our shareholders approved the amendment of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance from   300 million   to   450 million  . 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , net cash   used   for investing activities totaled   $79.7  , primarily due to capital investments of   $81.9  . We anticipate   2016   capital investments of   $125.0 to $140.0  , with approximately   $50.0   of those investments targeted to growth, innovation and margin enhancement initiatives. We expect to fund these investments from cash we generate from operations and from borrowings under our Credit Facility. In addition, we are nearing the completion of our new   $36.0   Research and Innovation Center, for which the majority of the cost will be financed through a capital lease. 
    
  During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , cash   used   by financing activities totaled   $207.3  . This consisted primarily of using   $249.4   of net proceeds from the common stock issuance and cash flows from operations to decrease borrowings under the Credit Facility, which declined by   $360.0   from December 31, 2015 to its   $190.0   balance at   September 30, 2016  . 

Restrictions Under Debt Agreements 
    
  The Credit Facility and indentures governing our senior indebtedness and tax-exempt fixed-rate IRBs (collectively, the  Notes ) contain restrictions and covenants that may limit our operating flexibility. 
    
  The indentures governing the Notes (other than the   5.00%   Senior Notes due   November 2019   (the  Exchangeable Notes )) include customary restrictions on (a) the incurrence of additional debt by certain of our subsidiaries, (b) the incurrence of certain liens, (c) sale/leaseback transactions, and (d) our ability to merge or consolidate with other entities or to sell, lease or transfer all or substantially all of our assets to another entity. They also contain customary events of default. In addition, the indenture governing the Secured Notes includes covenants with customary restrictions on the use of proceeds from the sale of collateral. 
    
  The Credit Facility contains customary restrictions, including limitations on, among other things, distributions and dividends, acquisitions and investments, indebtedness, liens and affiliate transactions. In addition, the Credit Facility requires us to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of   one to one   if availability under the Credit Facility is less than   $150.0  . We do not expect any of these restrictions to affect or limit our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course. 
    
  During the period, we were in compliance with all the terms and conditions of our debt agreements. 

Employee Benefit Obligations 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, we purchased an annuity contract with an insurance company with pension trust assets and transferred to the insurance company our obligations of   $87.0   for certain retirees or their beneficiaries receiving pension payments. Late in the third quarter of 2016, we entered another agreement with the same insurance company to purchase a second annuity contract to transfer obligations of   $123.3   for additional retirees or their beneficiaries. The pension trust transferred assets to purchase the second annuity contract in October 2016. By transferring these obligations, we expect to reduce some of the financial risk, volatility and costs of our pension benefit program. We view these transactions as additional steps in our ongoing effort to reduce long-term financial risk, related costs and obligations associated with our pension plans. 

-   42  - 

     Table of Contents     

No contributions to the master pension trust are required in   2016  . Based on current actuarial assumptions, we estimate that our required annual pension contributions will be approximately   $50.0   and   $75.0   for   2017   and   2018  . The amount and timing of future required contributions to the pension trust depend on several factors, including differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets, actuarial data and assumptions relating to plan participants, the interest rate used to measure the pension obligations and changes to regulatory funding requirements. Because of the variability of factors underlying these assumptions, the reliability of estimated future pension contributions decreases as the time until we must make the contribution increases. 

Margin Enhancement Initiatives 
    
  To enhance margins, we focus on selling higher-value carbon, electrical and stainless steels, along with carbon and stainless tubular products, striving for operational improvements, and reducing costs. As a result, we have been selling an improved mix of products, reducing sales to the carbon, stainless and electrical steel commodity spot markets and developing new higher margin products that can deliver higher value for our customers. 
    
  Accompanying our focus on higher-value steels, we have been optimizing our production capacity, reducing costs that are under our control and implementing operating improvements. Specific initiatives include optimizing the utilization, yield, efficiency and productivity of facilities, implementing procurement improvements and controlling maintenance and capital investment spending. Reducing our sales to the carbon steel commodity spot market was a key driver in our decision to temporarily idle the Ashland Works Hot End in the fourth quarter of 2015. During the first quarter of 2016, we completed a capital investment at our Butler Works to increase our capacity to produce high-efficiency GOES products for use in electrical transmission and distribution. 

Innovation and Product Development  
    
  We have been increasing our investment in research and innovation as we continue to de-emphasize commodity products. Our customers have incorporated into their products our automotive advanced high-strength steel ( AHSS ) grades, such as Dual Phase 780 and 980, which have a combination of very high tensile strength and material formability for both stamped and roll-formed parts. Our ULTRALUME  Press Hardenable Steel is an aluminum-silicon alloy coated steel our customers depend on when they require high strength parts with complex geometries. These steels, which are part of our AHSS portfolio, enable automotive manufacturers to reduce vehicle weight while continuing to keep pace with critical safety requirements. 
    
  In addition, we continue to develop new and improved electrical steel products for our customers to use for electricity transmission and distribution, as well as stainless steel and other specialty products for automotive and other markets. We believe these strategic initiatives and commitments to research and innovation will enhance our competitive advantage and position in growing customer markets. 
    
  New Research and Innovation Center 
    
  The new research and innovation center we have been building in the Cincinnati/Dayton growth corridor to replace our existing research facility in Middletown, Ohio is nearing completion. We began moving into the new facility in October and expect to be fully transitioned in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

Next-Generation Advanced High Strength Steels 
    
  We continue our development of new and improved products that exceed our customers  exacting standards, focusing on Next-Generation AHSS to serve future automotive industry needs. Our goal is to ensure that advanced high strength steels reduce the weight of automobile structural body components, while maintaining the strength characteristics valued by our customers. We are enabling our automotive customers to use our innovative steel products to help achieve vehicle weight savings for ambitious fuel efficiency standards while avoiding the significant capital costs to re-design production facilities that alternative materials require. 
    
  In August 2016, we launched NEXMET , an innovative family of Next-Generation AHSS for use in the automotive industry. NEXMET is the first of our planned new technologies that will produce significantly improved formability at higher ultimate tensile strength levels and provide greater lightweighting opportunities to our automotive customers. We are implementing this new process technology to produce both coated and cold-rolled Next-Generation AHSS on the hot-dip  
  
   -   43  - 

     Table of Contents     

galvanizing line at Dearborn Works. Our goal is to provide Next-Generation AHSS trial material to our customers in early 2017 for evaluation and qualification. 
    
  Third-Generation Advanced High Strength Steels 
    
  Beyond our significant progress on developing Next-Generation AHSS products, we continue to push our innovation efforts toward groundbreaking steel technologies, including collaborations with other companies. In April 2016, our joint development partner, NanoSteel Company, Inc., announced that we delivered what we consider Third-Generation Advanced High Strength Steel ( 3   rd    Gen AHSS ) to General Motors Corporation for testing. We have also provided trial material to various other OEMs for evaluation and testing. We produced this 3   rd    Gen AHSS at our facilities using proprietary production methods. This 3   rd    Gen AHSS possesses a level of formability at higher ultimate tensile strength, which we believe may constitute a step change in performance compared to both current and next-generation AHSS products. We anticipate that such 3   rd    Gen AHSS products will enable the stamping and forming of automotive parts using traditional manufacturing methods without additional manufacturing infrastructure or investment, as is required for aluminum and other competing materials. 

Magnetation 
    
  In 2011, we invested in a   49.9%   interest in the Magnetation joint venture, which operated iron ore concentrate plants located in Minnesota and an iron ore pelletizing plant in Reynolds, Indiana. Through an offtake agreement, we had the right to purchase all the pellets produced by the pellet plant and an obligation to purchase a portion of those pellets. On   May 5, 2015  , Magnetation and its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Minnesota. 
    
  On October 6, 2016, the Bankruptcy Court approved a Global Settlement Agreement ( Settlement Agreement ) with Magnetation, Magnetation Inc., and Magnetation s revolving credit facility lenders, senior secured noteholders and debtor-in-possession facility lenders to terminate the iron ore pellet offtake agreement with Magnetation and to wind down Magnetation s business. Among other terms of the Settlement Agreement, we agreed to make a cash payment ( Termination Payment ) to Magnetation s Chapter 11 estate in order to terminate our offtake agreement with Magnetation and cease purchasing iron ore pellets from Magnetation. The next day, the transactions contemplated by the Settlement Agreement were completed and we made a Termination Payment of   $36.6  , thereby terminating the pellet offtake agreement. In connection with the approval of the Settlement Agreement. we expect to recognize a charge in the fourth quarter of 2016 for the Termination Payment to the bankruptcy estate and a charge in the range of   $15.0   to   $35.0   for the present value of remaining obligations under contracts with other third parties to transport pellets to our facilities. The actual payments for these contracts will be made over the next   12.5 years  . We are working on actions to mitigate our expense for these contracts, but can give no assurance that we will be successful. 
    
  We currently anticipate that we can purchase replacement iron ore pellets from third-party producers who can meet our future needs by offering superior reliability, consistent quality and more competitive pricing. In addition, we expect terminating our offtake agreement with Magnetation will allow us to benefit from enhanced flexibility with iron ore pellets. We currently anticipate that the financial benefits from cost savings and cost avoidance, including savings resulting from lower pricing of replacement iron ore pellets from other suppliers, will partially offset the Termination Payment in 2016 and fully offset it by the end of 2017. 
    
  The offtake agreement termination will have an impact on the future accounting treatment of existing iron ore derivatives contracts. We previously designated certain derivative contracts as cash flow hedges on a portion of the Magnetation iron ore purchases. As a result of the offtake agreement termination, we will immediately recognize future changes in the fair value of the derivative contracts in the income statement when the changes occur, instead of when we recognize the underlying cost of iron ore, thus potentially increasing the volatility of our results of operations. This volatility does not affect the ultimate gains or losses on the derivative contracts we will recognize in the financial statements, but only the timing of recognition. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  The Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  , during the second quarter of 2014. Topic 606, as further amended by subsequent Accounting Standard Updates, affects virtually all aspects of an entity s revenue recognition, including determining the measurement of revenue and the timing of when it is recognized for the transfer of goods or services to customers. Topic 606  
  
   -   44  - 

     Table of Contents     

is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of Topic 606 on our financial position and results of operations. 
    
  FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  , during the first quarter of 2016. Topic 842 require entities to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities and disclose key information about leasing arrangements for certain leases. Topic 842 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of Topic 842 on our financial position and results of operations. 
    
  FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  , during the first quarter of 2016. Topic 718 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payments. Topic 718 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of Topic 718 on our financial position and results of operations. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  Certain statements we made or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-Q, or made in other documents furnished to or filed with the Securities Exchange Commission, as well as in press releases or in presentations made by our employees, reflect our estimates and beliefs and are intended to be, and hereby are identified as  forward-looking statements  for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as  expects,   anticipates,   believes,   intends,   plans,   estimates  and other similar references to future periods typically identify forward-looking statements. We caution readers that forward-looking statements reflect our current beliefs and judgments, but are not guarantees of future performance or outcomes. They are based on a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to economic, competitive, regulatory, and operational risks, uncertainties and contingencies that are beyond our control, and upon assumptions about future business decisions and conditions that may change. In particular, these include, but are not limited to, statements in the   Outlook   and     Liquidity and Capital Resources   sections and Item 3,   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk  . 
    
  Forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve risks and uncertainties, resulting in the possibility that actual events or performance will differ materially from such predictions as a result of certain risk factors, including reduced selling prices, shipments and profits associated with a highly competitive and cyclical industry; increased global steel production and imports; changes in the cost of raw materials and energy; our significant amount of debt and other obligations; severe financial hardship or bankruptcy of one or more of our major customers or key suppliers; reduced demand in key product markets due to competition from aluminum or other alternatives to steel; excess inventory of raw materials; supply chain disruptions or poor quality of raw materials; production disruption or reduced production levels; our healthcare and pension obligations; not reaching new labor agreements on a timely basis; major litigation, arbitrations, environmental issues and other contingencies; regulatory compliance and changes; climate change and greenhouse gas emission limitations; conditions in the financial, credit, capital and banking markets; derivative contracts to hedge commodity pricing volatility; potential permanent idling of facilities; inability to fully realize benefits of margin enhancement initiatives; information technology security threats and cybercrime; as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed in more detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , as updated in subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
    
  As such, we caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only to our plans, assumptions and expectations as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, except as required by law. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.    
    
  Our primary areas of market risk include changes in (a) interest rates, (b) the prices of raw materials and energy sources and the selling price of certain commodity steel, and (c) foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  We manage interest rate risk in our capital structure by issuing variable- and fixed-rate debt and by utilizing our Credit Facility, which is subject to variable interest rates. Our outstanding long-term indebtedness (excluding unamortized debt discount and premium and debt issuance costs) was   $2,056.7   at   September 30, 2016   and   $2,405.5   at   December 31, 2015  . The amount outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , consisted of   $1,819.1   of fixed-rate debt,   $26.0   of variable-rate Industrial Revenue Bonds, a capital lease for our new Research and Innovation Center of   $21.6  , and   $190.0   of borrowings under our Credit  
  
   -   45  - 

     Table of Contents     

Facility. An increase in prevailing interest rates would increase interest expense and interest paid for the variable-rate debt. For example, a 1% increase in interest rates would increase annual interest expense by approximately   $2.2   on our outstanding debt at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Commodity Risk 
    
  Costs for raw materials and energy have been volatile over the last several years, with iron ore, natural gas and scrap being especially volatile. Some customer contracts have a variable-pricing mechanism that allows us to adjust selling prices in response to changes in the cost of certain raw materials and energy. For example, fluctuations in the price of energy (particularly natural gas and electricity), raw materials (such as scrap, iron ore, zinc and nickel) or other commodities may be, in part, passed on to customers rather than absorbed solely by us. However, the overall impact of these price adjustments within a contract has generally decreased over the last few years. For instance, in the case of stainless steel, changes in costs for nickel, chrome and molybdenum are usually offset by established price surcharges.  
    
  We have multi-year purchase agreements for certain raw materials with variable-price mechanisms, as well as some annual, fixed price agreements for other raw materials. In some cases, our raw materials contracts enable us to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in raw material costs, but in other instances we may have sales contracts that expose us to an element of market risk. After we negotiate new contracts with customers, our sales prices could increase or decrease. The prices at which we sell steel will not necessarily change in tandem with changes in our raw material costs that follow the variable pricing terms in our raw material purchase contracts. Conversely, our raw material purchase contracts with fixed-price terms may prevent us from reducing our raw material costs to fully offset changes in the prices at which we sell steel. In addition, some of our existing multi-year supply contracts have required minimum purchase quantities. In certain circumstances, those minimums may exceed our needs. With the exception of   force majeure   provisions and other circumstances affecting the legal enforceability of the contracts, these minimum purchase requirements could require us to purchase quantities of raw materials that could significantly exceed our anticipated needs. In these circumstances, we would attempt to negotiate agreements for new purchase quantities. There is a risk, however, that we would not be successful in reducing purchase quantities, either through negotiation or litigation. If that occurred, we would likely be required to purchase more of a particular raw material in a particular year than we need, negatively affecting our results of operations and cash flows. 
    
  We use cash-settled commodity price swaps and options to hedge the market risk associated with the purchase of certain of our raw materials and energy requirements. We routinely use these hedges for a portion of our natural gas and iron ore requirements and for our zinc, nickel, and electricity requirements. Our hedging strategy is designed to protect us from excessive pricing volatility. However, since we do not typically hedge 100% of our exposure, abnormal price increases in any of these commodity markets might still negatively affect operating costs. 
    
  For derivatives designated in cash flow hedging relationships, we record the effective portion of the gains and losses from the use of these instruments in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated balance sheets and subsequently recognize the accumulated gains and losses into costs of goods sold in the same period when the associated underlying transactions occur. At   September 30, 2016  , accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) included   $10.9   in unrealized pre-tax   gains   for these derivative instruments. All other commodity price swaps and options are marked to market and recognized into cost of products sold with the offset recognized as an asset or accrued liability. See Note   14   of the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on our outstanding derivatives. 
    
  The following table presents the negative effect on pre-tax income of a hypothetical change in the fair value of derivative instruments outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , due to an assumed 10% and 25% decrease in the market price of each of the indicated commodities. 

Because we structure and use these instruments as hedges, the benefit of lower prices paid for the physical commodity used in the normal production cycle would offset these hypothetical losses. We do not enter into swap or option contracts for trading purposes. 
  
   -   46  - 

     Table of Contents     

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
    
  A portion of our intercompany receivables that are denominated in foreign currencies are exposed to risks from exchange rate fluctuations. We use euro forward currency contracts to manage exposures to certain of these currency price fluctuations. Based on the contracts outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , a 10% change in the dollar-to-euro exchange rate would result in a pre-tax impact of   $0.7   on the value of these contracts on a mark-to-market basis, which would offset the effect of a change in the exchange rate on the underlying receivable. See Note   14   of the condensed consolidated financial statements for further information on our outstanding forward contracts. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
    
  We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to provide reasonable assurance that information is disclosed and accumulated and communicated to management in a timely fashion. An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) was performed as of the end of the period covered by this report. This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. 
    
  There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

-   47  - 

Table of Contents     

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
  (dollars in millions, except per share data) 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
    
  The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note   7   of the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
    
  We caution readers that our business activities involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently expected by management. We described the principal risk factors that could impact our results in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
    
  There were no unregistered sales of equity securities in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  . 

(a) 
    During the quarter, we repurchased common stock owned by participants in our restricted stock awards program under the terms of the AK Steel Holding Corporation Stock Incentive Plan. To pay federal, state and local taxes due upon the vesting of the restricted stock, employees may have us withhold shares that have a fair market value equal to the minimum statutory withholding rate that tax authorities could impose on the transaction. We repurchase the withheld shares at the quoted average of the reported high and low sales prices on the day we withhold the shares. 
              (b) 
    On October 21, 2008, the Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase, from time to time, up to   $150.0   of our outstanding equity securities. The Board of Directors  authorization specified no expiration date. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
    
  The operations of AK Coal s North Fork mine and Coal Innovations, LLC coal wash plant (collectively, the  AK Coal Operations ) are subject to regulation by the Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended ( Mine Act ). MSHA inspects mining and processing operations, such as the AK Coal Operations, on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. Exhibit 95.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q presents citations and orders from MSHA and other regulatory matters required to be disclosed by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or otherwise under this Item 4. 

-   48  - 

Table of Contents     

Item 6. Exhibits. 
                 Exhibit Number 
    Description 
      3.1 
    Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AK Steel Holding Corporation. 
      31.1 
    Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
      31.2 
    Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
      32.1 
    Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
      32.2 
    Section 906 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
      95.1 
    Mine Safety Disclosure Exhibit 
      101 
    Financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of AK Steel Holding Corporation for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) and (vi) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

-   49  - 

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AK STEEL HOLDING CORPORATION 

(Registrant) 

Dated: 
    October 25, 2016 
      
    /s/ Jaime Vasquez 

Jaime Vasquez 

Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: 
    October 25, 2016 
      
    /s/ Gregory A. Hoffbauer 

Gregory A. Hoffbauer 

Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 

-   50  - 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 aks20160930exhibit31.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 3.1 
    
  RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION  
  OF  
  AK STEEL HOLDING CORPORATION  
  AK Steel Holding Corporation (the  Corporation ), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows:  
  A.    The Corporation originally was incorporated under the name  AK Steel Corporation  and filed its initial Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 20, 1993.  
  B.    This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted by the Corporation s Board of Directors in accordance with Section 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.  
  C.    This Restated Certificate of Incorporation only restates and integrates and does not further amend the provisions of the Corporation s original Certificate of Incorporation, as heretofore amended or supplemented, and there is no discrepancy between those provisions and the provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation.  
  D.    The text of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, is restated in its entirety to read as follows:  
  FIRST:    The name of the Corporation is AK Steel Holding Corporation.  
  SECOND:    The address of the registered office of the Corporation within the State of Delaware is 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, City of Wilmington 19808, County of New Castle. The name of the registered agent of the corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is Corporation Service Company.  
  THIRD:    The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as from time to time amended.  
  FOURTH:    (a) The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 475,000,000, consisting of 450,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $.01 per share (the  Common Stock ), and 25,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $1.00 per share (the  Preferred Stock ).  
  (b)    The shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Apart from any other provisions in this Certificate of Incorporation authorizing the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock, the Board of Directors is hereby authorized to establish from time to time by resolution or resolutions the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and relative participating, optional, conversion and other special rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including but not limited to the fixing or alteration of the dividend rights, dividend rate or rates, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), the redemption price or prices, and the liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of shares of Preferred Stock, or any or all of them, all to the fullest extent now or hereafter permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware; and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series, but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. In case the number of shares of any series shall be so decreased, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume the status which they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series. No vote of the holders of the Common Stock or Preferred Stock shall, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions creating any particular series of Preferred Stock, be a prerequisite to the issuance of any shares of any series of the Preferred Stock authorized by and complying with the conditions of this Certificate of Incorporation. Shares of any series of Preferred Stock that have been authorized for issuance pursuant to this Article FOURTH or any other provisions in this Certificate of Incorporation and that have been either (i) issued and reacquired in any manner by the Corporation (including upon exchange thereof) or (ii) never issued shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reclassified and reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors as set forth above.  
  (c)     Subject to the provisions of applicable law or of the By-laws with respect to the closing of the transfer books or the fixing of a record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote, and except as otherwise provided by law or by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall exclusively possess the voting power for the election of directors and for all other purposes, each holder of record of shares of Common Stock being entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock standing in his name on the books of the Corporation.  

FIFTH:    In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by law, subject to any limitations contained elsewhere in this Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by a majority of the board of directors of the Corporation, but any By-laws adopted by the board of directors may be amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote thereon. Election of directors need not be by written ballot. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by law, and subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-laws of the Corporation shall be subject to alteration, amendment or repeal, in whole or in part, and new By-laws may be made, either by the affirmative vote of a majority of the whole Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board, or by unanimous written consent of the directors, or by the affirmative vote of the holders of record of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote in respect thereof, given at an annual meeting or at any special meeting.  
  SIXTH:    A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable either to the Corporation or to any stockholder for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except (i) for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions which are not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or knowing violation of the law, (iii) for any matter in respect of which such director shall be liable under Section 174 of Title 8 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any amendment thereto or successor provision thereto, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director shall have derived an improper personal benefit. Neither amendment nor repeal of this Article SIXTH nor the adoption of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article SIXTH shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article SIXTH in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article SIXTH, would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption of an inconsistent provision.  
  SEVENTH:    (a) The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to, or testifies in, any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative in nature, by reason of the fact that such person is or was, at any time prior to or during which this Article SEVENTH is in effect, a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was, at any time prior to or during which this Article SEVENTH is in effect, serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any similar capacity of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys  fees), judgments, fines, penalties, amounts paid in settlement and other liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding to the full extent permitted by law, and the Corporation may adopt By-laws or enter into agreements with any such person for the purpose of providing for such indemnification.  
  (b)    Expenses (including attorneys  fees) incurred in appearing at, participating in or defending any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, shall be paid by the Corporation at reasonable intervals in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt by the Corporation of a written undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay such amount unless it ultimately shall be determined that such person is entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as provided herein.  
  (c)    It is the intent of the Corporation to indemnify the persons referred to in this Article SEVENTH to the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to any action, suit or proceeding arising from events that occur prior to or during the time in which this Article SEVENTH is in effect. The indemnification provided by this Article SEVENTH shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification may be or become entitled under any law, By-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, or under any policy or policies of insurance purchased and maintained by the Corporation on behalf of any such director or officer, both as to action in such person s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such director or officer.  
  (d)    The indemnification provided by this Article SEVENTH shall be subject to all valid and applicable laws, and in the event this Article SEVENTH or any of the provisions hereof or the indemnification contemplated hereby are found to be inconsistent with or contrary to any such valid laws, the latter shall be deemed to control and this Article SEVENTH shall be regarded as modified accordingly, and, as so modified, shall continue in full force and effect.  
  IN WITNESS WHEROF, the Corporation has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be duly executed by its authorized officer this 7   th    day of September, 2016.  

By: 
    /s/ Joseph C. Alter 
      Name: 
    Joseph C. Alter 
      Title: 
    Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 

Amended and Restated September 7, 2016 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 aks20160930exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
    
  I, Roger K. Newport, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AK Steel Holding Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Dated: 
    October 25, 2016 
      
    /s/ Roger K. Newport 

Roger K. Newport 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 aks20160930exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
    
  I, Jaime Vasquez, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AK Steel Holding Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Dated: 
    October 25, 2016 
      
    /s/ Jaime Vasquez 

Jaime Vasquez 

Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 aks20160930exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
    
  I, Roger K. Newport, Chief Executive Officer of AK Steel Holding Corporation (the  Company ), do hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(2) 
    The information contained in this Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                     Dated: 
    October 25, 2016 
      
    /s/ Roger K. Newport 

Roger K. Newport 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 aks20160930exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
    
  I, Jaime Vasquez, Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of AK Steel Holding Corporation (the  Company ), do hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(2) 
    The information contained in this Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  
       
                     Dated: 
    October 25, 2016 
      
    /s/ Jaime Vasquez 

Jaime Vasquez 

Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-95.1>
 7
 aks20160930exhibit951.htm
 EXHIBIT 95.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 95.1 
    
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE EXHIBIT 
    
  The operation of AK Coal Resources, Inc. s North Fork mine and the Coal Innovations, LLC coal wash plant (collectively, the  AK Coal Operations ) are subject to regulation by the Mine Safety and Health Administration ( MSHA ) under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended ( Mine Act ). MSHA inspects mining and processing operations, such as the AK Coal Operations, on a regular basis and issues various citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred under the Mine Act. We present information below regarding certain mining safety and health citations that MSHA has issued with respect to the AK Coal Operations. In evaluating this information with respect to the AK Coal Operations, consideration should be given to the following factors, among others: (i) the number of citations and orders will vary depending on the size of the mine or plant; (ii) the number of citations issued will vary from inspector to inspector and location to location; and (iii) citations and orders can be contested and appealed and, in that process, are often reduced in severity and amount, and are sometimes dismissed. 
    
  Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ), each operator of a coal or other mine or plant is required to include certain mine safety results within its periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As required by the reporting requirements included in Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act, we provide the following items regarding certain mining safety and health matters, for the period presented, for each of our locations that are covered under the scope of the Dodd-Frank Act: 
    
           (A) 
    The total number of violations of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a coal or other mine safety or health hazard under section 104 of the Mine Act (30 U.S.C. 814) for which the operator received a citation from MSHA; 

(C) 
    The total number of citations and orders for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under section 104(d) of the Mine Act (30 U.S.C. 814(d)); 
       
           (D) 
    The total number of imminent danger orders issued under section 107(a) of the Mine Act (30 U.S.C. 817(a)); 
       
           (E) 
    The total dollar value of proposed assessments from MSHA under the Mine Act (30 U.S.C. 801 et seq.); 
       
           (F) 
    Legal actions pending before Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission ( FMSHRC ) involving such coal or other mine or plant as of the last day of the period; 
       
           (G) 
    Legal actions initiated before the FMSHRC involving such coal or other mine or plant during the period; and 
       
           (H) 
    Legal actions resolved before the FMSHRC involving such coal or other mine or plant during the period. 
       
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , the AK Coal Operations did not receive any flagrant violations under Section 110(b)(2) of the Mine Act. In addition, it did not receive any written notices of a pattern of violations, or the potential to have a pattern of such violations, under section 104(e) of the Mine Act. In addition, there were no mining-related fatalities at the AK Coal Operations during this same period. 
    
  For purposes of reporting regulatory matters under Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Act, we are providing the following table that sets forth the total number of specific citations and orders, the total dollar value of the proposed civil penalty assessments that were issued by MSHA, and a list of legal actions pending before the FMSHRC, including the Administrative Law Judges thereof, pursuant to the Mine Act, during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   for each of our subsidiaries that is a coal mine or plant operator, by individual location. 

-1- 

MSHA 
      
    Mine Name 
      
    Significant and Substantial Citations Issued (Section 104 of the Mine Act) *Excludes 104(d)  citations/ orders 
      
    Failure to Abate Orders (Section 104(b) of the Mine Act) 
      
    Unwarrantable Failure Citations/Orders Issued (Section 104(d) of the Mine Act) 
      
    Imminent Danger Orders Issued (Section 107(a) of the Mine Act) 
      
    Dollar Value of Proposed Civil Penalty Assessments (in Thousands) 
      
    Legal Actions Pending as of Last Day of Period 
      
    Legal Actions Initiated During Period 
      
    Legal Actions Resolved 
      3609406 
      
    Coal Innovations #1 

$ 

3610041 
      
    North Fork 
      
    4 

$ 

(a) 
      
    3 
      
    (b) 

(a) 
    Notification has not yet been provided regarding the monetary amount of any proposed penalties with respect to some of the disclosed citations.  The recipient of the proposed citations is challenging them. 
              (b) 
    These pending legal actions all relate to contests of citations and orders referenced in Subpart B of the Mine Act s procedural rules. 

-2- 

</EX-95.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 aks-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 aks-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 aks-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 aks-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 aks-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 aks-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

