<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1050606_0001144204-16-132730_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9548638</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>252919</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>479510</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2735786</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4261816</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1600794</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>86</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132730.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109144652
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132730
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SALEM MEDIA GROUP, INC. /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001050606
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		IRS NUMBER:				770121400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-26497
		FILM NUMBER:		161983783

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4880 SANTA ROSA RD
		CITY:			CAMARILLO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93012
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8059870400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4880 SANTA ROSA RD
		CITY:			CAMARILLO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93012

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SALEM COMMUNICATIONS CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132730.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v451145_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q  

FOR
THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

 OR 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________________ TO __________________ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER
000-26497 

SALEM
MEDIA GROUP, INC.    
 (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)  

DELAWARE   
         (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF 
         INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)  
       
       77-0121400   
         (I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION
        NUMBER)   

4880 SANTA ROSA ROAD   
          CAMARILLO, CALIFORNIA   
         (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL 
         EXECUTIVE OFFICES)  
       
       93012  
         (ZIP CODE)   

REGISTRANT S
TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE: (805) 987-0400  

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes  x     No

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files.) 

Yes  x     No

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer  
      x   
 
      Non-accelerated filer       
      Smaller Reporting Company  

(Do not check if a Smaller Reporting Company)  

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

Yes        No
 x  

Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

SALEM MEDIA GROUP, INC. 
INDEX 

PAGE
    NO.   
 
      COVER PAGE  

INDEX  

FORWARD
    LOOKING STATEMENTS    
      2   
 
        PART
    I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.   Condensed
    Consolidated Financial Statements.    
      3   

Item 2.   Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    
      30   

Item 3.   Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    
      60   

Item 4.   Controls
    and Procedures.    
      60   
 
        PART
    II - OTHER INFORMATION    
      61   

Item 1.    Legal
    Proceedings.    
      61   

Item 1A. Risk
    Factors.    
      62   

Item 2.   Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    
      62   

Item 3.   Defaults
    Upon Senior Securities.    
      62   

Item 4.   Mine
    Safety Disclosures.    
      62   

Item 5.   Other
    Information.    
      62   

Item 6.   Exhibits.    
      62   
 
        SIGNATURES    
      63   
 
        EXHIBIT
    INDEX    
      64   

1  

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS  

Unless the context requires otherwise,
all references in this report to  Salem,  or the  company,  including references to Salem by  we 
 us   our  and  its  refer to Salem Media Group, Inc. and our subsidiaries. 

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

Salem Media Group, Inc. ( Salem 
or the  company,  including references to Salem by  we,   us  and  our ) makes
 forward-looking statements  from time to time in both written reports (including this report) and oral statements,
within the meaning of federal and state securities laws. Disclosures that use words such as the company  believes, 
 anticipates,   estimates,   expects,   intends,   will,   may, 
 could,   would,   should   seeks   predicts,  or  plans 
and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, as defined under the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. 

You should not place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements, which reflect our expectations based upon data available to the company as of the date of this
report. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
expectations. These risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties, are detailed in Salem s reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q
and 8-K filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by law, the company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements made in this report. Any such forward-looking statements, whether
made in this report or elsewhere, should be considered in context with the various disclosures made by Salem about its business.
These projections and other forward-looking statements fall under the safe harbors of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ). 

2  

PART I  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

SALEM MEDIA GROUP,
INC.  

ITEM 1.      CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)      

3  

SALEM MEDIA GROUP, INC.    
 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    
 
       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data)    

See accompanying notes  

4  

SALEM MEDIA GROUP, INC.    
 
       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    
 
       (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data)    
 
       (Unaudited)    

See accompanying notes    

5  

SALEM MEDIA GROUP, INC.  
          CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
        OF CASH FLOWS    
 
       (Dollars in thousands)    
 
      (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes   

6  

SALEM MEDIA GROUP, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS (continued)  

  (Dollars in thousands)  

 (Unaudited) 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:    

Cash paid during the period for:    

Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest    
     $  10,675       
     $  10,644     
 
     Cash paid for income taxes    
     $  327       
     $  67     
 
     Other supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:    

Barter revenue    
     $  4,701       
     $  3,886     
 
     Barter expense    
     $  4,358       
     $  3,734     
 
     Non-cash investing and financing activities:    

Capital expenditures reimbursable under tenant improvement allowances    
     $  2,709       
     $  486     
 
     Non-cash capital expenditures for property   equipment acquired under trade agreements    
     $  20       
     $        
 
     Estimated present value of contingent earn-out consideration    
     $  300       
     $        
 
     Current value of deferred cash payments (short-term)    
     $          
     $  1,566     

See accompanying notes   

7  

SALEM MEDIA GROUP,
INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The accompanying Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
of Salem Media Group, Inc. ( Salem,   we,   us,   our  or the  company )
includes the company and all wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

Information with respect to the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 is unaudited. The accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared
in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with
the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes
required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, the unaudited interim financial statements contain
all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, results
of operations and cash flows of the company. The unaudited interim financial statements  should
be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Annual Report for Salem
filed on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Our results are subject to seasonal fluctuations. Therefore,  the
results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for the full
year. 

The balance sheet at December
31, 2015 included in this report has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date, but does not include all
of the information and footnotes required by GAAP.   There have been no material changes from
Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, as contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.   

Description of Business  

Salem is a domestic multi-media company with integrated operations
including radio broadcasting, digital media, and publishing. Effective as of February 19, 2015, we changed our name from Salem
Communications Corporation to Salem Media Group, Inc. to more accurately reflect our multi-media business. Salem was formed in
1986 as a California corporation and was reincorporated in Delaware in 1999. Our content is intended for audiences interested
in Christian and family-themed programming and conservative news talk. We maintain a website at www.salemmedia.com. 

We have three operating segments, (1) Broadcast, (2) Digital
Media, and (3) Publishing, which are discussed in Note 17   Segment Data. Our foundational business is the ownership and
operation of radio stations in large metropolitan markets. We also own and operate Salem Radio Network  ( SRN ),
SRN News Network ( SNN ), Salem Music Network ( SMN ), Today s Christian Music ( TCM ),
Singing News Network (formerly Solid Gospel Network) and Salem Media Representatives TM  ( SMR ). SRN, SNN,
SMN and Singing News Network are networks that develop, produce and syndicate a broad range of programming specifically targeted
to Christian and family-themed talk stations, music stations and general News Talk stations throughout the United States, including
Salem-owned and operated stations. SMR, a national advertising sales firm with offices in ten U.S. cities, specializes in placing
national advertising on religious and other commercial radio stations. 

Web-based and digital content has been an area of growth for
Salem and continues to be a focus of future development. Salem Web Network  ( SWN ) and our other web-based
businesses provide Christian and conservative-themed content, audio and video streaming, and other resources digitally through
the web. SWN s web portals include Christian content websites: OnePlace.com, Christianity.com, Crosswalk.com , GodVine.com,
Jesus.org and BibleStudyTools.com. Our conservative opinion websites, collectively known as Townhall Media, include Townhall.com ,
HotAir.com, Twitchy.com, HumanEvents.com and RedState.com. We also issue digital newsletters, including Eagle Financial Publications,
which provide general market analysis and non-individualized investment strategies from financial commentators on a subscription
basis. Church product websites including WorshipHouseMedia.com, SermonSpice.com, and ChurchStaffing.com offer downloads and service
platforms to pastors and other educators. Our web content is accessible through all of our radio station websites that feature
content of interest to local listeners throughout the United States. 

Digital media also includes our e-commerce sites, Eagle Wellness
and Gene Smart Wellness. These e-commerce sites offer health advice and nutritional products. 

Our publishing operating segment is comprised of three businesses.
Regnery Publishing is a traditional book publisher that has published dozens of bestselling books by leading conservative authors
and personalities, including Ann Coulter, Newt Gingrich, David Limbaugh, Ed Klein, Mark Steyn and Dinesh D'Souza. Xulon Press
and Hillcrest Media provide self-publishing services to authors. Salem Publishing  produces and distributes five print magazines
and one digital magazine. 

8  

Variable Interest Entities   

We may enter into agreements or investments with other entities
that could qualify as variable interest entities ( VIEs ) in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 810   Consolidation.    A
VIE is consolidated in the financial statements if  we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary
is the entity that holds the majority of the beneficial interests in the VIE, either explicitly or implicitly. A VIE is an entity
for which the primary beneficiary s interest in the entity can change with variations in factors other than the amount of
investment in the entity. We perform our evaluation for VIE s upon entry into the agreement or investment. We re-evaluate
the VIE when or if events occur that could change the status of the VIE. 

We may enter into lease arrangements with entities controlled
by our principal stockholders or other related parties. We believe that the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 810 do not apply to
these entities because the lease arrangements do not contain explicit guarantees of the residual value of the real estate, do
not contain purchase options or similar provisions and the leases are at terms that do not vary materially from leases that would
have been available with unaffiliated parties. Additionally, we do not have an equity interest in the entities controlled by our
principal stockholders or other related parties and we do not guarantee debt of the entities controlled by our principal stockholders
or other related parties. 

We also enter into Local Marketing Agreements ( LMAs )
or Time Brokerage Agreements ( TBAs ) contemporaneously with entering into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( APA )
to acquire or sell a radio station. Typically, both LMAs and TBAs are contractual agreements under which the station owner/licensee
makes airtime available to a programmer/licensee in exchange for a fee and reimbursement of certain expenses. LMAs and TBAs are
subject to compliance with the antitrust laws and the communications laws, including the requirement that the licensee must maintain
independent control over the station and, in particular, its personnel, programming, and finances. The FCC has held that such
agreements do not violate the communications laws as long as the licensee of the station receiving programming from another station
maintains ultimate responsibility for, and control over, station operations and otherwise ensures compliance with the communications
laws. The requirements of FASB ASC Topic 810 may apply to entities under LMAs or TBAs, depending on the facts and circumstances
related to each transaction. 

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have implicit or explicit
arrangements that required consolidation under the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 810. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying
notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Significant areas for which management uses estimates include: 

asset impairments,
                                         including goodwill, broadcasting licenses, other indefinite-lived intangible assets,
                                         and assets held for sale;   

probabilities associated
                                         with the potential for contingent earn-out consideration;   

fair value measurements;   

contingency reserves;   

allowance for doubtful
                                         accounts;   

sales returns and
                                         allowances;   

barter transactions;   

inventory reserves;   

reserves for royalty
                                         advances;   

fair value of equity
                                         awards;   

self-insurance
                                         reserves;   

estimated lives
                                         for tangible and intangible assets;   

income tax valuation
                                         allowances; and   

uncertain tax positions.   

These estimates require the use of judgment as future events
and the effect of these events cannot be predicted with certainty. The estimates will change as new events occur, as more experience
is acquired and as more information is obtained. We evaluate and update our assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis and
we may consult outside experts to assist as considered necessary. 

Reclassifications  

Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year
financial statements to conform to the current year presentation. These reclassifications include the adoption of FASB Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 and the reclassification of Salem Consumer Products from e-commerce
(digital) to broadcast. Under ASU 2015-03 and 2015-15, debt issuance costs, with the exception of costs associated with obtaining
line-of-credit arrangements, are reported as a reduction of the debt liability rather than as a deferred cost asset. The adoption
of ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 is reported as a change in accounting principle and discussed in detail in Note 9   Notes
Payable. The reclassification of Salem Consumer Products, our e-commerce business that sells books, DVD s and editorial
content developed by our on-air personalities, was made to assess the performance of each network program based on all revenue
sources. Refer to Note 17   Segment Data for an explanation of this reclassification. 

9  

Out-of-Period Adjustment   

During the third quarter of 2016, we identified an error in
our valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets. We recorded an adjustment to increase our estimated deferred tax valuation
allowance by $1.6 million for a portion of the deferred tax assets related to state net operating loss carryforwards that we determined
were not more likely than not to be realized. 

In evaluating the adjustment, we referred to the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC) Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 99, including SAB Topic 1.M, which provides guidance on the assessment
of materiality and states that  the omission or misstatement of an item in a financial report is material if, in the light
of surrounding circumstances, the magnitude of the item is such that it is probable that the judgment of a reasonable person relying
upon the report would have been changed or influenced by the inclusion or correction of the item.  We also referred to SAB
108 for guidance on considering the effects of prior year misstatements when quantifying misstatements in current year financial
statements and the assessment of materiality. 

Our analysis of the materiality of the
adjustment was performed by reviewing quantitative and qualitative factors. We determined based on this analysis that the adjustment
was not material to the current period and any prior periods. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

Changes to accounting principles are established by the FASB
in the form of ASUs to the FASB s Codification. We consider the applicability and impact of all ASUs  on
our  financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or presentation thereof. Described below are ASUs that are not
yet effective, but may be applicable to our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or presentation thereof. ASUs
not listed below were assessed and determined to not be applicable to our financial position, results of operations, cash flows,
or presentation thereof.   

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-17,   Interests
Held through Related Parties That Are under Common Control,   which amends the consolidation guidance in ASU 2015-02
regarding the treatment of indirect interests held through related parties that are under common control. The guidance is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.
We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-17 to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, cash
flows, or presentation thereof. 

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16   Intra-Entity
Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory ,  which modifies existing guidance for the accounting for income tax consequences
of intra-entity transfers of assets.  This ASU requires entities to immediately
recognize the tax consequences on intercompany asset transfers (excluding inventory) at the transaction date, rather than deferring
the tax consequences under current GAAP. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim
reports within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted only as of the first quarter of a fiscal year.  We do not
expect the adoption of ASU 2016-16 to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or
presentation thereof. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,   Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments,   which clarifies how entities
should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows with the objective of reducing diversity
in practice related to eight specific types of transactions. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-15
to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or presentation thereof. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial
Instruments-Credit Losses,   which changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments.
For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use
a new forward-looking  expected loss  model that will replace today s  incurred loss  model and
generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized
losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except that the losses will be recognized
as an allowance. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, with early adoption permitted.  We have not yet  evaluated
the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard  on our  financial
position, results of operations, cash flows, or presentation thereof. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Improvements
to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   This ASU simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment
transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification
on the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods
within those years, with early adoption is permitted.  We have not yet
 evaluated the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard  on
our  financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or presentation thereof. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases
 (Topic 842),  which requires that lessees recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with lease
terms greater than twelve months in the balance sheet. ASU 2016-02 requires additional disclosures including the significant judgments
made by management to provide insight into the revenue and expense to be recognized from existing contracts and the timing and
uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We have not yet determined the dollar impact of recording
operating leases on our statement of financial position. The adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have a material impact  on
our  financial position and the presentation thereof. Our existing credit facility stipulates that our covenants are based
on GAAP as of the agreement date. Therefore, the material impact of recording right-to-use assets and lease liabilities on our
statement of financial position is not expected to impact the compliance status for any covenant. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Recognition
and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ,  which provides updated guidance that enhances the reporting
model for financial instruments, including amendments, to address aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure.
The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. With
the exception of the early application guidance applicable to certain entities, early adoption of the amendments is not permitted.
 We have not yet  evaluated the impact of the adoption of this accounting
standard  on our  financial position, results of operations, cash
flows, or presentation thereof. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,   Balance
Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes,   to simplify the presentation of deferred taxes in the statement of financial
position. The updated guidance requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in a classified balance
sheet. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years,
with early adoption is permitted.  We have not yet  evaluated the
impact of the adoption of this accounting standard  on our  financial
position or presentation thereof. 

10  

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,   Simplifying
the Measurement of Inventory ,  to reduce the complexity in accounting for inventory. This ASU requires entities to measure
inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value, replacing the market value approach that required floor and ceiling considerations.
This guidance for public entities is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the adoption of this ASU, but do not expect
this to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Disclosure
of Uncertainties About an Entities Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ,  which requires management to assess a company s
ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The new standard provides management with
specific guidance on the assessments and related disclosures as well as provides a longer look-forward period as one year from
the financial statement issuance date. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 is not expected to have a material
impact on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, or presentation thereof. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   and issued subsequent amendments to the initial guidance in August 2015,
March 2016, April 2016 and May 2016 within ASU 2015-14, ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12, respectively (ASU 2014-09,
ASU 2015-14, ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 collectively,  Topic 606 ). Topic 606 supersedes nearly
all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of Topic 606 is to recognize revenues when promised goods
or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those
goods or services. Topic 606 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more
judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing GAAP. These estimates
include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the
transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation, among others. The guidance is
effective for us as of January 2018, the first interim period within fiscal years beginning on or after December 15, 2017, using
either of two methods: (1) retrospective application of Topic 606 to each prior reporting period presented with the option to
elect certain practical expedients as defined within Topic 606 or (2) retrospective application of Topic 606 with the cumulative
effect of initially applying Topic 606 recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures
as defined per Topic 606.  Preliminarily, we plan to adopt Topic 606 in the first quarter of 2018 pursuant to the (1)
retrospective application method of Topic 606 and we do not currently believe that there will be a material impact to our revenues
upon adoption. We continue to evaluate the impact of our pending adoption of Topic 606 and our preliminary assessments are
subject to change. 

NOTE 2. IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL AND OTHER INDEFINITE-LIVED
INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Approximately 70% of our total assets as of September 30, 2016
consist of indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as broadcast licenses, goodwill and mastheads, the value of which depends
significantly upon the operating results of our businesses. In the case of our radio stations, we would not be able to operate
the properties without the related FCC license for each property. Broadcast licenses are renewed with the FCC every eight years
for a nominal cost that is expensed as incurred. We continually monitor our stations  compliance with the various regulatory
requirements. Historically, all of our broadcast licenses have been renewed at the end of their respective periods, and we expect
that all broadcast licenses will continue to be renewed in the future. Accordingly, we consider our broadcast licenses to be indefinite-lived
intangible assets in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 350,   Intangibles   Goodwill and Other .  Broadcast
licenses account for approximately 94% of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. Goodwill and mastheads account for the remaining
6%. We do not amortize broadcast licenses, goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets, but rather test for impairment
at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired. 

We complete our annual impairment tests in the fourth quarter
of each year. We believe that our estimate of the value of our broadcast licenses, mastheads, and goodwill is a critical accounting
estimate as the value is significant in relation to our total assets, and our estimates incorporate variables and assumptions
that are based on past experiences and judgment about future operating performance of our markets and business segments. If actual
future results are less favorable than the assumptions and estimates we used, we are subject to future impairment charges, the
amount of which may be material. The fair value measurements for our indefinite-lived intangible assets use significant unobservable
inputs that reflect our own assumptions about the estimates that market participants would use in measuring fair value including
assumptions about risk. The unobservable inputs are defined in FASB ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, 
 as Level 3 inputs discussed in detail in Note 14. There were no indications of impairment present as of the period ending
September 30, 2016. 

NOTE 3. IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS 

We account for property and equipment in accordance with FASB
ASC Topic 360-10,   Property, Plant and Equipment .  We periodically review our long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. Our
review requires us to estimate the fair value of assets when events or circumstances indicate that they may be impaired. The fair
value measurements for our long-lived assets use significant observable inputs that reflect our own assumptions about the estimates
that market participants would use in measuring fair value including assumptions about risk. If actual future results are less
favorable than the assumptions and estimates we used, we are subject to future impairment charges, the amount of which may be
material. 

11  

Based on changes in management s planned usage, we classified
land in Covina, California as held for sale as of June 2012. At that time we evaluated the land for impairment in accordance with
guidance for impairment of long-lived assets held for sale. We determined that the carrying value of the land exceeded the estimated
fair value less costs to sell and recorded an impairment charge of $5.6 million associated with the land based on our estimated
sale price at that time. In December 2012, after several purchase offers for the land were terminated, we obtained a third-party
valuation for the land. Based on the fair value determined by the third-party, we recorded an additional impairment charge of
$1.2 million associated with the land. While we continue to market the land for sale and have no intention to use the land in
our operations, we have not received successful offers. Based on the amount of time that the land has been held for sale, we obtained
a third-party valuation for the land as of June 2016. Based on this fair value appraisal, we recorded an additional $0.7 million
impairment charge associated with the land during the three months ended June 30, 2016. 

The table below presents the fair value measurements used to
value this asset. 

Fair Value
    Measurements Using:            

(Dollars in thousands)            

Description       
      As of September
    30, 2016            
      Quoted prices
    in    active markets    (Level 1)            
      Significant
    Other    Observable  
     Inputs (Level 2)            
      Significant
       Unobservable    Inputs (Level 3)            
      Total Loss        

Long-Lived Asset Held for Sale       
      $    1,000            

$    1,000            
      $    (700    )   

NOTE 4. ACQUISITIONS AND RECENT TRANSACTIONS 

During the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, we
completed or entered into the following transactions: 

Debt  

On September 30, 2016, we paid $2.3 million in principal on
our term loan of $300.0 million ( Term Loan B ), of which $1.5 million was an early prepayment of principal, and paid
interest due as of that date. We recorded a $3,900 pre-tax loss on the early retirement of long-term debt related to the unamortized
discount and $14,000 in bank loan fees associated with this principal prepayment. 

On June 30, 2016, we paid $1.2 million in principal on our
Term Loan B, of which $0.4 million was an early prepayment of principal, and paid interest due as of that date. We recorded a
$1,300 pre-tax loss on the early retirement of long-term debt related to the unamortized discount and $3,400 in bank loan fees
associated with this principal prepayment. 

On March 31, 2016, we paid the quarterly installment due of
$0.8 million in principal on our Term Loan B and paid interest due as of that date. 

On March 17, 2016, we paid $0.8 million in principal on our
Term Loan B and paid interest due as of that date. We recorded a $2,500 pre-tax loss on the early retirement of long-term debt
related to the unamortized discount and $6,700 in bank loan fees associated with this principal repayment. 

Equity   

On September 9, 2016, we announced a quarterly equity distribution
in the amount of $0.0650 per share on Class A and Class B common stock. The equity distribution of $1.7 million was paid on September
30, 2016 to all Class A and Class B common stockholders of record as of September 19, 2016. 

On June 2, 2016, we announced a quarterly equity distribution
in the amount of $0.0650 per share on Class A and Class B common stock. The equity distribution of $1.6 million was paid on June
30, 2016 to all Class A and Class B common stockholders of record as of June 16, 2016. 

On March 10, 2016, we announced a quarterly equity distribution
in the amount of $0.0650 per share on Class A and Class B common stock. The equity distribution of $1.7 million was paid on April
5, 2016 to all Class A and Class B common stockholders of record as of March 22, 2016. 

Related Party Transactions  

On May 25, 2016, we entered into an APA to acquire an FM
Translator in Lake City, Florida for $65,000 in cash from Delmarva Educational Association Corporation, a related party
entity which Nancy A. Epperson the wife of the Chairman of the Board, and Stuart W. Epperson, Jr., the son of the 

 Chairman
of the Board, serve as directors. The translator will be used by our WBZW-AM radio station in Orlando, Florida. The
transaction closed on October 12, 2016. 

On May 18, 2016, we entered into an APA to acquire a
construction permit for an FM Translator in Palm Coast, Florida for $65,000 in cash from Delmarva Educational Association
Corporation, a related party entity which Nancy A. Epperson the wife of the Chairman of the Board, and Stuart W. Epperson,
Jr., the son of the Chairman of the Board, serve as directors. This translator will be used by our WTWD-AM radio station in
Tampa, Florida. The transaction closed on October 19, 2016. 

12  

On March 2, 2016, we entered into a related party lease with
trusts created for the benefit of Edward G. Atsinger III, Chief Executive Officer, and Stuart W. Epperson, Chairman of the Board.
The lease is for real property located in Brighton, Colorado that is used to operate radio station KNUS-AM in our Denver, Colorado
market. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviewed the lease and lease terms and determined that the terms of
the transaction were no less favorable to Salem than those that would be available in a comparable transaction in arm s
length dealings with an unrelated third party.   

Acquisitions   Broadcast  

The FCC permits AM and FM radio stations to operate FM Translators,
or low power secondary stations that retransmit the programming of a radio station to portions of the station s service
area that the primary signal does not reach because of distance or terrain barriers. The FCC began an AM Revitalization program,
or  AMR,  that included several initiatives intended to benefit AM broadcasters. One of these benefits, intended to
promote the use of FM Translators by AM broadcasters, allows an AM station to relocate one FM translator up to 250 miles from
its authorized site and operate the translator on any non-reserved band FM channel in the AM station s market, subject to
coverage and interference rules. 

On January 29, 2016, the FCC opened a one-time only filing
window during which only Class C and Class D AM broadcast stations could participate. This window closed on July 28, 2016. A second
window opened on July 29, 2016, allowing Class A and Class B AM broadcast stations to participate. The second window closed on
October 31, 2016. During these filing windows, qualifying AM licensees may apply for one new FM translator station, in the non-reserved
FM band to be used solely to re-broadcast the AM licensee s AM signal to provide fill-in and/or nighttime service. The FM
translator must rebroadcast the related AM station for at least four years, not counting any periods of silence. 

We entered into several agreements to acquire FM Translators
or FM Translators construction permits during the applicable windows of the FCC AM R. Construction permits provide the station
the authority to construct a new FM Translator or make changes in the existing facilities. We believe that securing these FM Translators
allows us to increase our listening audience by providing enhanced coverage and reach of our existing AM broadcasts. 

Our broadcast acquisitions include the following: 

On June 24, 2016, we entered into an LMA to operate
radio station KTRB-AM in San Francisco, California beginning on July 1, 2016. 

On June 20, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of
an FM Translator used in our Columbus, Ohio market for $0.3 million in cash. 

On June 10, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of
an FM Translator in Amherst, New York for $60,000 in cash. The translator is used in our Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania market. 

On June 8, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of
a construction permit for an FM Translator construction permit in Charlotte, Michigan for $50,000 in cash. The translator will
be used in our Detroit, Michigan market. 

On June 3, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of
a construction permit for an FM Translator in Atwood, Kentucky for $88,000 in cash. The translator will be used in our Columbus,
Ohio market. 

On May 13, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of
a construction permit for an FM Translator in Kerrville, Texas for $50,000 in cash. The translator will be used in our Houston,
Texas market. 

On May 2, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of
an FM Translator in Lincoln, Maine for $100,000 in cash. The translator is used in our Boston, Massachusetts market. 

On April 29, 2016, we closed on the acquisition
of a construction permit for an FM Translator in Emporia, Kansas for $25,000 in cash. The translator will be relocated to Omaha,
Nebraska, for use by our KCRO-AM radio station. 

Acquisitions   Digital Media  

On September 13, 2016, we acquired Mike Turner s line
of investment products, including TurnerTrends.com, other domain names and related assets for $0.4 million in cash and the assumption
of $0.1 million in deferred subscription liabilities. Under terms of the APA, we may pay up to an additional $0.1 million in contingent
earn-out consideration payable upon the achievement of specific net revenue targets within twelve months from the closing date.
Turner s investment products offer stock trading advisory newsletters to individual subscribers. We recorded goodwill of
approximately $7,200 associated with the expected synergies to be realized upon combining the operations of Turner s line
of investment products into our digital media platform with Eagle Financial Publications and from brand loyalty from its existing
subscriber base that is not a separately identifiable intangible asset. 

On April 1, 2016, we acquired the Retirement Watch newsletter
and websites for $0.1 million in cash and the assumption of $0.6 million in deferred subscription liabilities. Retirement Watch
offers non-individualized research and strategies associated with retirement planning. We recorded goodwill of approximately $8,600
associated with the expected synergies to be realized upon combining the operations of Retirement Watch into our digital media
platform and brand loyalty from its existing subscriber base that is not a separately identifiable intangible asset. 

13  

On March 8, 2016, we acquired King James Bible mobile applications
for $4.0 million, of which $2.7 million was paid in cash upon close and $1.3 million is due in deferred installments within one
year from the closing date. The deferred installments were amended on May 17, 2016 to include the $0.3 million that was due upon
finalization of banking arrangements with the deferred installments. The amended deferred payments of $1.3 million now consist
of $0.6 million due within 90 days, $0.3 million due within 180 days and two deferred payments of $0.2 million each due 270 and
360 days from the closing date, respectively. During the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, we have paid $0.9 million
in installments. We recorded goodwill of $0.2 million associated with the expected synergies to be realized from combining the
operations of these applications into our existing digital media platform. The accompanying condensed consolidated statement of
operations reflects the operating results of King James Bible mobile applications as of the closing date within our digital media
operating segment. 

Throughout the nine-month period ending September 30, 2016,
we acquired domain names and other assets associated within our digital media operating segment for approximately $3,000 in cash. 

Acquisitions   Publishing  

On August 1, 2016, we acquired the assets of Hillcrest Media
Group, Inc. ( Hillcrest ), for $3.5 million and the assumption of $1.1 million in deferred revenue liabilities. We
paid $3.3 million in cash upon close with the remaining $0.2 million due within 90 days upon the finalization of deferred revenue
obligations. Hillcrest provides self-publishing services for general market authors and will be operated within our existing Xulon
Press business. We recorded goodwill of approximately $0.9 million associated with the expected synergies to be realized upon
combining the operations of Hillcrest into our existing publishing platform and brand loyalty from its existing subscriber base
that is not a separately identifiable intangible asset. 

Throughout the nine month period ending September 30, 2016,
we acquired domain names and other assets associated within our publishing operating segment for approximately $3,000 in cash. 

A summary of our business acquisitions and asset purchases
during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, none of which were individually or in the aggregate material to our Condensed
Consolidated financial position as of the respective date of acquisition, is as follows: 

The operating results of our business acquisitions and asset
purchases are included in our condensed consolidated results of operations from their respective closing date or the date that
we began operating them under an LMA or TBA. Under the acquisition method of accounting as specified in FASB ASC Topic 805,   Business
Combinations ,  the total acquisition consideration is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based
on their estimated fair values as of the date of the transaction. 

Estimates of the fair value include discounted estimated cash
flows to be generated by the assets and their expected useful lives based on historical experience, market trends and any synergies
believed to be achieved from the acquisition. Acquisitions may include contingent consideration, the fair value of which is estimated
as of the acquisition date as the present value of the expected contingent payments as determined using weighted probabilities
of the payment amounts. We may retain a third-party appraiser to estimate the fair value of the acquired net assets as of the
acquisition date. As part of the valuation and appraisal process, the third-party appraiser prepares a report assigning estimated
fair values to the various asset categories in our financial statements. These fair value estimates are subjective in nature and
require careful consideration and judgment. Management reviews the third party reports for reasonableness of the assigned values. 

We believe that these valuations and analysis provide appropriate
estimates of the fair value for the net assets acquired as of the acquisition date. These initial valuations are subject to refinement
during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date. During this measurement period we may retroactively
record adjustments to the net assets acquired based on additional information obtained for items that existed as of the acquisition
date. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period any adjustments are reflected in our consolidated statements of operations.
We have not to date recorded adjustments to our estimated fair values used in our acquisition consideration during or after the
measurement period. 

14  

Property and equipment are recorded at the estimated fair value
and depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Finite-lived intangible assets are recorded at their
estimated fair value and amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Goodwill, which represents the
organizational systems and procedures in place to ensure the effective operation of the entity, may also be recorded and tested
for impairment. Costs associated with acquisitions, such as consulting and legal fees, are expensed as incurred in corporate operating
expenses. We recognized total costs associated with acquisitions of $0.3 million during the nine month period ending September
30, 2016 compared to $0.2 million during the same period of the prior year, which are included in unallocated corporate expenses
in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 

The total acquisition consideration is equal to the sum of
all cash payments, the fair value of any deferred payments and promissory notes, and the present value of any estimated contingent
earn-out consideration. We estimate the fair value of contingent earn-out consideration using a probability-weighted discounted
cash flow model. The fair value measurement is based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent
a Level 3 measurement as defined in Note 14 - Fair Value Measurements. 

The following table summarizes the total acquisition consideration
for the nine month period ending September 30, 2016: 

Description    
     Total Consideration     

(Dollars in thousands)     
 
     Cash payments made upon closing    
     $  7,189     
 
     Deferred payments    
        1,566     
 
     Total purchase price consideration    
     $  8,755     

The total acquisition consideration was allocated to the net
assets acquired as follows: 

Divestitures   

On September 1, 2016, we received $0.7 million in cash associated
with a land easement granted in our South Carolina market. 

On June 10, 2016, we received $2.5 million in cash from the
National Park Service in exchange for its claim under eminent domain for our tower site in Miami, Florida. We recognized a pre-tax
gain of $1.9 million from this sale that is reported in (gain) loss on the sale or disposal of assets. We entered a limited terms
of use agreement with the National Park Service to broadcast from the tower site for the next twenty years for a nominal fee. 

Pending Transactions  

On July 21, 2016, we entered into an APA to acquire radio station
KXFN-AM in St. Louis, Missouri for $0.2 million. The transaction closed on October 20, 2016. 

We are programming radio station KHTE-FM, Little Rock, Arkansas,
under a 36 month TBA that began on April 1, 2015. The TBA is extendable for up to 48 months. We have the option to acquire the
station for $1.2 million in cash during the TBA period. The accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations included
in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q reflect the operating results of this entity as of the TBA date. 

15  

FM Translators or FM Translator Construction permits purchase
agreements pending as of the period end September 30, 2016 include the following: 

* Indicates that the purchase is for a
FM Translator Construction Permit. 

NOTE 5. CONTINGENT EARN-OUT CONSIDERATION 

Our acquisitions may include contingent earn-out consideration
as part of the purchase price under which we will make future payments to the seller upon the achievement of certain benchmarks.
The fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration is estimated as of the acquisition date at the present value of the expected
contingent payments to be made using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model for probabilities of possible future payments.
The present value of the expected future payouts is accreted to interest expense over the earn-out period. The fair value estimates
use unobservable inputs that reflect our own assumptions as to the ability of the acquired business to meet the targeted
benchmarks and discount rates used in the calculations. The unobservable inputs are defined in FASB ASC Topic 820,   Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures,   as Level 3 inputs discussed in detail in Note 14. 

We review the probabilities of possible future payments to
the estimated fair value of any contingent earn-out consideration on a quarterly basis over the earn-out period. Actual results
are compared to the estimates and probabilities of achievement used in our forecasts. Should actual results of the acquired business
increase or decrease as compared to our estimates and assumptions, the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration
liability will increase or decrease, up to the contracted limit, as applicable. Changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent
earn-out consideration are reflected in our results of operations in the period in which they are identified. Changes in the estimated
fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration may materially impact and cause volatility in our operating results. 

16  

Tuner Investment Products   

We acquired Mike Turner s line of investment products,
including TurnerTrends.com and other domain names and related assets on September 13, 2016. We paid $0.4 million in cash upon
closing and may pay up to an additional $0.1 million in contingent earn-out consideration payable upon the achievement of specific
net revenue targets within twelve months from the closing date. Using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model based
on our own assumptions as to the ability of Tuner s investment products to achieve the revenue targets at the time of closing,
we estimated the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration to be $66,000, which approximates the discounted present
value due to the earn-out of less than one year. We will review the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration quarterly
over the earn-out period to compare actual subscriber revenues achieved and projected to the estimated subscriber revenues used
in our forecasts. Any changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration will be reflected in our results
of operations in the period they are identified, up to the maximum future value outstanding under the contract of $0.1 million.
We believe that our experience with digital subscriptions and websites provides a reasonable basis for our estimates. 

17  

Daily Bible Devotion  

We acquired Daily Bible Devotion mobile applications on May
6, 2015. We paid $1.1 million in cash upon closing and may pay up to an additional $0.3 million in contingent earn-out consideration
payable over the next two years based upon on the achievement of cumulative session benchmarks for each mobile application. Using
a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model based on our own assumptions as to the ability of Bible Devotional Applications
to achieve the session benchmarks at the time of closing, we estimated the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration
to be $165,000, which was recorded at the discounted present value of $142,000. The discount is being accreted to interest expense
over the two-year earn-out period. We believe that our experience with digital mobile applications and websites provides a reasonable
basis for our estimates. 

We review the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration
quarterly over the two-year earn-out period to compare actual cumulative sessions achieved to the estimated cumulative sessions
used in our forecasts. Any changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration are reflected in our results
of operations in the period they are identified, up to the maximum future value outstanding under the contract, or $0.3 million
less amounts paid or expired to date. Changes in the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration may materially impact
and cause volatility in our future operating results. During the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, we paid a total
of $75,000 to the seller as contingent earn-out consideration for achieving benchmarks during the earn-out period to date, which
was less than our original estimates. Due to declines in the cumulative sessions achieved during the nine month period ending
September 30, 2016, we recorded a net decrease of $107,000 in the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration
that is reflected in our results of operations for this period. 

Bryan Perry Newsletters  

On February 6, 2015, we acquired the assets and assumed the
deferred subscription liabilities for Bryan Perry Newsletters, paying no cash to the seller upon closing. Future contingent earn-out
consideration due to the seller is based upon net subscriber revenues achieved over a two-year period from date of close, of which
we will pay the seller 50%. There is no minimum or maximum contractual amount due. Using a probability-weighted discounted cash
flow model based on our revenue projections at the time of closing, we estimated the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration
to be $171,000, which we recorded at the discounted present value of $158,000. The discount is being accreted to interest expense
over the two-year earn-out period. We believe that our experience with digital publications and renewals provides a reasonable
basis for our estimates. 

We review the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration
quarterly over the two year earn-out period to compare actual subscription revenue earned to the estimated subscription revenue
used in our forecasts. Any changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration are reflected in our results
of operations in the period they are identified. Changes in the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration may materially
impact and cause volatility in our future operating results. During the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, we paid a
total of $24,000 to the seller as contingent earn-out consideration for amounts earned, which was less than our original estimates.
Due to declines in the number of subscriptions renewed during the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, we recorded a net
decrease of $12,000 in the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration that is reflected in our results of operations
for this period. 

Eagle Publishing  

On January 10, 2014, we acquired the entities of Eagle Publishing,
including Regnery Publishing, HumanEvents.com, RedState.com, Eagle Financial Publications and Eagle Wellness. The base purchase
price was $8.5 million, with $3.5 million paid in cash upon closing, and deferred payments of $2.5 million each due January 2015
and January 2016. As part of the purchase agreement, we may pay up to an additional $8.5 million of contingent earn-out consideration
during the three year period from the closing date based upon the achievement of certain revenue benchmarks established for calendar
years 2014, 2015 and 2016 for each of the Eagle entities. Using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model based on the
likelihood of achievement of the benchmarks at the time of closing, we estimated the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration
to be $2.4 million, which was recorded at the discounted present value of $2.0 million. The discount is being accreted to interest
expense over the three-year earn-out period. We believe that our experience with publications, renewal rates and websites provide
a reasonable basis for our estimates. We have paid $0.9 million to date and have one contingent earn-out period remaining through
December 31, 2016. 

We review the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration
quarterly over the three year earn-out period to compare actual operating revenues earned to the estimated revenue used in our
forecasts. Any changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration are reflected in our results of operations
in the period they are identified, up to the maximum future value outstanding under the contract, or $8.5 million less amounts
paid or expired to date. Changes in the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration may materially impact and cause volatility
in our future operating results. During the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, no payments were made to the seller for
amounts earned under the contingent earn-out consideration, which was less than our original estimates. Based on actual revenues
for the period ending September 30, 2016 that were below those used in our prior estimates, we recorded a net decrease in the
estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration of $0.3 million that is reflected in our results of operations for
this period. 

18  

The following table reflects the changes in the present value
of our acquisition-related estimated contingent earn-out consideration during the three and nine month period ending September
30, 2016 and 2015: 

NOTE 6. INVENTORIES  

Inventories consist of finished goods including books from
Regnery Publishing and wellness products. All inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market as determined on a First-In
First-Out ( FIFO ) cost method and reported net of estimated reserves for obsolescence. 

The following table provides details of inventory on hand by
segment: 

19  

NOTE 7. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

The following is a summary of the categories of our property
and equipment: 

Depreciation expense was approximately $3.1 million and $3.0
million for each of the three month periods ending September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively, and $9.4 million and $9.0 million
for the nine month period ending September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. Included in these amounts is depreciation of $24,000
for each of the three month periods and $72,000 for each of the nine month periods related to assets held under capital lease
obligations. Accumulated depreciation associated with assets under capital lease obligations was $639,000 and $566,000 at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 8. AMORTIZABLE INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

The following tables summarize the categories of our amortizable
intangible assets by major category: 

Based on the amortizable intangible assets as of September
30, 2016, we estimate amortization expense for the next five years to be as follows: 

20  

NOTE 9. LONG TERM DEBT 

Salem Media Group, Inc. has no independent assets or operations,
the subsidiary guarantees are full and unconditional and joint and several, and any subsidiaries of Salem Media Group, Inc. other
than the subsidiary guarantors are minor. 

Term Loan B and Revolving Credit Facility  

On March 14, 2013, we entered into a senior secured credit
facility, consisting of the Term Loan B of $300.0 million and $25.0 million Revolver. The Term Loan B was issued at a discount
for total net proceeds of $298.5 million. The discount is being amortized to non-cash interest expense over the life of the loan
using the effective interest method. For each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, approximately $47,000
and $140,000, respectively, and $51,000 and $155,000, respectively, of the discount has been recognized as interest expense. 

The Term Loan B has a term of seven years, maturing in March
2020. During this term, the principal amount may be increased by up to an additional $60.0 million, subject to the terms and conditions
of the credit agreement. We are required to make principal payments of $750,000 per quarter as of September 30, 2013. Prepayments
may be made against the outstanding balance of our Term Loan B with each prepayment applied ratably to each of the next four principal
installments due within 12 months of the prepayment date in the direct order of maturity and thereafter to the remaining principal
balance in reverse order of maturity. 

We made the following payments or prepayments of our Term Loan
B during the year ended December 31, 2015 and nine month period ending September 30, 2016, including interest through the payment
date as follows: 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,   that requires the cost of issuing debt to be recorded as a reduction of the
debt proceeds or a reduction of the debt liability, similar to the presentation of debt discounts. Prior to this ASU, debt issue
costs were recorded as deferred costs, or long-term intangible assets. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,   Presentation
and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant
to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting   that amended ASU 2015-03 to reflect the SEC staff s position
that it would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements as an
asset and subsequently amortizing deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless
of whether there are outstanding borrowings under that line-of-credit arrangement. 

We adopted ASU 2015-03, as amended by ASU 2015-15, as of the
effective date, or fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2015. We chose to continue presentation of debt issue costs associated
with our Revolver as an asset in accordance with ASU 2015-15. We have retrospectively accounted for the implementation of ASU
2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 as a change in accounting principle. We have reclassified debt issue costs reported on our December 31,
2015 consolidated balance sheet as follows: 

21  

Debt issue costs are being amortized to non-cash interest expense
over the life of the Term Loan B using the effective interest method. For each of the three months ended September 30, 2015 and
2016, approximately $139,000 and $140,000, respectively, of the debt issue costs associated with the Term Loan B were recognized
as interest expense. For each of the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, approximately $418,000 and $423,000, respectively,
of the debt issue costs associated with the Term Loan B were recognized as interest expense. 

We chose to continue the presentation of debt issue costs associated
with our Revolver as an asset in accordance with ASU 2015-15. These costs are being amortized to non-cash interest expense over
the five year life of the Revolver using the effective interest method based on an imputed interest rate of 4.58%. During each
of the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2015 and 2016, we recorded amortization of deferred financing costs of
approximately $17,000 each and $52,000 each. 

The Revolver has a term of five years, maturing in March 2018.
We report outstanding balances on our Revolver as short-term based on use of the Revolver to fund ordinary and customary operating
cash needs with repayments made frequently. We believe that the borrowing capacity under our Term Loan B and Revolver allows us
to meet our ongoing operating requirements, fund capital expenditures and satisfy our debt service requirements for at least the
next twelve months. 

Borrowings under the Term Loan B may be made at LIBOR (subject
to a floor of 1.00%) plus a spread of 3.50% or Wells Fargo Bank, National Association s ( Wells Fargo ) base
rate plus a spread of 2.50%. Borrowings under the Revolver may be made at LIBOR or Wells Fargo s base rate plus a spread
determined by reference to our leverage ratio, as set forth in the pricing grid below.  If an event of default occurs under
the credit agreement, the applicable interest rate may increase by 2.00% per annum. At September 30, 2016, the blended interest
rate on amounts outstanding under the Term Loan B and Revolver including the impact of the interest rate swap agreement was 5.07%.
See Note 13- Derivative Instruments for a discussion of the interest rate swap agreement. 

The obligations under the credit agreement and the related
loan documents are secured by liens on substantially all of the assets of Salem and its subsidiaries, other than certain exceptions
set forth in the Security Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2013, among Salem, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and Wells
Fargo, as Administrative Agent (the  Security Agreement ) and such other related loan documents. 

With respect to financial covenants, the credit agreement includes
a minimum interest coverage ratio, which started at 1.50 to 1.0 and stepped up to 2.50 to 1.0 and a maximum leverage ratio, which
started at 6.75 to 1.0 and steps down to 5.75 to 1.0 by 2017.  The credit agreement also includes other negative covenants
that are customary for credit facilities of this type, including covenants that, subject to exceptions described in the credit
agreement, restrict the ability of Salem and its subsidiary guarantors: (i) to incur additional indebtedness; (ii) to
make investments; (iii) to make distributions, loans or transfers of assets; (iv) to enter into, create, incur, assume
or suffer to exist any liens; (v) to sell assets; (vi) to enter into transactions with affiliates; or (vii) to merge
or consolidate with, or dispose of all or substantially all assets to, a third party.  As of September 30, 2016, our leverage
ratio was 5.29 to 1 compared to our compliance covenant of 6.00 and our interest coverage ratio was 3.40 compared to our compliance
ratio of 2.50. We were in compliance with our debt covenants under the credit facility at September 30, 2016. 

Other Debt   

We have several capital leases related to office equipment.
The obligation recorded at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 represents the present value of future commitments under the
capital lease agreements. 

Summary of long-term debt obligations   

Long-term debt consisted of the following: 

22  

In addition to the outstanding amounts listed above, we also
have interest payments related to our long-term debt as follows as of September 30, 2016: 

Outstanding
                                         borrowings of $1.1 million under the Revolver, with interest payments due at LIBOR plus
                                         3.00% or at prime rate plus 2.00%.   

Commitment
                                         fees of 0.50% on any unused portion of the Revolver.   

Quarterly interest
                                         payments on $150.0 million notional amount interest rate swap agreement with Wells Fargo
                                         based on a LIBOR floor of 0.625% and a fixed rate of 1.645%.   

Maturities of Long-Term Debt
and Capital Lease Obligations   

Principal repayment requirements under all long-term debt agreements
and capital lease obligations outstanding at September 30, 2016 for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows: 

NOTE 10. STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

Our Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan )
provides for grants of equity-based awards to employees, non-employee directors and officers, and advisors of the company ( Eligible
Persons ). The Plan is designed to promote the interests of the company using equity investment interests to attract, motivate,
and retain individuals. 

A maximum of 5,000,000 shares of common stock are authorized
under the Plan. All awards have restriction periods tied primarily to employment and/or service. The Plan allows for accelerated
or continued vesting in certain circumstances as defined in the Plan including death, disability, a change in control, and termination
or retirement. The company Board of Directors, or a committee appointed by the Board, has discretion subject to limits defined
in the Plan, to modify the terms of any outstanding award. 

The Plan does not allow insiders, or key employees and directors
to exercise awards during pre-defined blackout periods. Insiders may participate in plans established pursuant to Rule 10b5-1
under the Exchange Act that allow them to exercise awards subject to pre-established criteria. 

We recognize non-cash stock-based compensation expense based
on the estimated fair value of awards in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718   Compensation Stock Compensation . 
Stock-based compensation expense fluctuates over time as a result of the vesting periods for outstanding awards and the number
of awards that actually vest. The following table reflects the components of stock-based compensation expense recognized in the
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016: 

Stock option and restricted stock grants    

Eligible employees may receive stock option awards annually
with the number of shares and type of instrument generally determined by the employee s salary grade and performance level.
Incentive and non-qualified stock option awards allow the recipient to purchase shares of the company common stock at a set price,
not to be less than the closing market price on the date of award, for no consideration payable by the recipient. The related
number of shares underlying the stock option is fixed at the time of the grant. Options generally vest over a four-year period
with a maximum term of five years from the vesting date. In addition, certain management and professional level employees may
receive stock option awards upon the commencement of employment. 

23  

The Plan also allows for awards of restricted shares, which
are typically granted annually to non-employee directors of the company. Awards granted to non-employee directors are made in
exchange for their services to the company as directors and therefore, the guidance in FASB ASC Topic 505-50   Equity
Based Payments to Non Employees   is not applicable. Restricted stock awards contain transfer restrictions under which
they cannot be sold, pledged, transferred or assigned until the period specified in the award, generally one to five years. Restricted
stock awards are independent of option grants and are granted at no cost to the recipient other than applicable taxes owed by
the recipient. The awards are considered issued and outstanding from the date of grant. 

The fair value of each award is estimated as of the date of
the grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model. The expected volatility reflects the consideration of the historical volatility
of our stock as determined by the closing price over a six to ten year term commensurate with the expected term of the award.
Expected dividends reflect the amount of quarterly distributions authorized and declared on our Class A and Class B common stock
as of the grant date. The expected term of the awards are based on evaluations of historical and expected future employee exercise
behavior. The risk-free interest rates for periods within the expected term of the award are based on the U.S. Treasury yield
curve in effect during the period the options were granted. We use historical data to estimate future forfeiture rates to apply
against the gross amount of compensation expense determined using the valuation model. 

The weighted-average assumptions used to estimate the fair
value of the stock option and restricted stock awards using the Black-Scholes valuation model were as follows for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016: 

Activity with respect to the company s option awards
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Activity with respect to the company s restricted stock
awards during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Restricted Stock Awards       
      Shares            
      Weighted Average  
     Grant Date Fair Value            
      Weighted Average Remaining  
     Contractual Term       
      Aggregate  
     Intrinsic Value        

(Dollars in thousands,
    except weighted average exercise price and weighted average grant date fair value)        
 
      Outstanding at January 1, 2016       
           8,000            
      $    5.83            
      0.2 years       
      $    40        
 
      Granted       

Lapsed       
           (8,000    )       
           5.83            
              
           52        
 
      Forfeited       

Unvested outstanding at September 30, 2016       
                        
      $                 
              
      $             

The aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between
the company s closing stock price on September 30, 2016 of $5.88 and the option exercise price of the shares for stock options
that were in the money, multiplied by the number of shares underlying such options. The total fair value of options vested during
the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 was $1.5 million and $1.1 million, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, there was $0.6 million of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to non-vested stock option awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 1.97 years. 

NOTE 11. EQUITY TRANSACTIONS 

We account for stock-based compensation expense in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 718,   Compensation-Stock Compensation .  As a result, $0.1 million and $0.5 million of non-cash
stock-based compensation expense has been recorded to additional paid-in capital for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, in comparison to $0.2 million and $0.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

24  

While we intend to pay regular quarterly distributions, the
actual declaration of such future distributions and the establishment of the per share amount, record dates, and payment dates
are subject to final determination by our Board of Directors and dependent upon future earnings, cash flows, financial requirements,
and other factors. The current policy of the Board of Directors is to review each of these factors on a quarterly basis to determine
the appropriate amount, if any, to allocate toward a cash distribution with the general principle of using approximately 20% of
Adjusted EBITDA less cash paid for capital expenditures, less cash paid for income taxes, and less cash paid for interest. Adjusted
EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure defined in Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

The following table shows distributions that have been declared
and paid since January 1, 2015: 

Based on the number of shares of Class
A and Class B currently outstanding, and the currently approved distribution amount, we expect to declare and pay total annual
distributions of approximately $6.7 million during the year ending December 31, 2016. 

NOTE 12. BASIC AND DILUTED NET EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Basic net earnings per share has been computed using the weighted
average number of Class A and Class B shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted net earnings per share
is computed using the weighted average number of shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding during the period
plus the dilutive effects of stock options. 

Options to purchase 1,628,534 and 1,729,000 shares of Class A
common stock were outstanding at September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. Diluted weighted average shares outstanding exclude
outstanding stock options whose exercise price is in excess of the average price of the company s stock price. These options
are excluded from the respective computations of diluted net income or loss per share because their effect would be anti-dilutive.
As of September 30, 2015 and 2016 there were 447,689 and 367,940 dilutive shares, respectively. 

NOTE 13. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 

We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. We actively
monitor these fluctuations and use derivative instruments from time to time to manage the related risk. In accordance with our
risk management strategy, we may use derivative instruments only for the purpose of managing risk associated with an asset, liability,
committed transaction, or probable forecasted transaction that is identified by management. Our use of derivative instruments
may result in short-term gains or losses that may increase the volatility of our earnings. 

Under FASB ASC Topic 815,   Derivatives and Hedging, 
 the effective portion of the gain or loss on a derivative instrument designated and qualifying as a cash flow hedging instrument
shall be reported as a component of other comprehensive income (outside earnings) and reclassified into earnings in the same period
or periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The remaining gain or loss on the derivative instrument,
if any, shall be recognized currently in earnings. 

On March 27, 2013, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement
with Wells Fargo that began on March 28, 2014 with a notional principal amount of $150.0 million. The agreement was entered to
offset risks associated with the variable interest rate on our Term Loan B. Payments on the swap are due on a quarterly basis
with a LIBOR floor of 0.625%. The swap expires on March 28, 2019 at a fixed rate of 1.645%. The interest rate swap agreement was
not designated as a cash flow hedge, and as a result, all changes in the fair value are recognized in the current period statement
of operations rather than through other comprehensive income. We recorded a long-term liability of $2.1 million as of September
30, 2016, representing the fair value of the interest rate swap agreement. The swap was valued based on observable inputs for
similar assets and liabilities and other observable inputs for interest rates and yield curves, which are classified within Level
2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy described below and in Note 14. 

25  

NOTE 14. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

FASB ASC Topic 820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  
established a hierarchal disclosure framework associated with the level of pricing observability utilized in measuring fair value.
This framework defines three levels of inputs to the fair value measurement process and requires that each fair value measurement
be assigned to a level corresponding to the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
The three broad levels of inputs defined by the FASB ASC Topic 820 hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs  quoted prices (unadjusted)
                                         in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the
                                         ability to access at the measurement date;   

Level 2 Inputs  inputs other than quoted
                                         prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                                         directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term,
                                         a Level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the asset or liability;
                                         and   

Level 3 Inputs  unobservable inputs for the
                                         asset or liability. These unobservable inputs reflect the entity s own assumptions
                                         about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability,
                                         and are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances (which
                                         might include the reporting entity s own data).   

As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of cash and cash
equivalents, trade accounts receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses and accrued interest approximates fair value due to
the short-term nature of such instruments.  

The following table summarizes the fair value of our financial
liabilities that are measured at fair value: 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time,
based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates are subjective in nature
and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions
could significantly affect the estimates. 

The fair value of contingent earn-out consideration is
estimated as the present value of the expected contingent payments to be made using a probability-weighted discounted cash
flow model for probabilities of possible future payments. These fair value estimates use unobservable inputs that reflect our
own assumptions as to the ability of the acquired business to meet the targeted benchmarks and discount rates used in the
calculations. The carrying value of long-term debt and capital lease obligations approximates the fair value as the related
interest rates approximate rates currently available to the company for similar debt instruments of comparable maturity. The
fair value of the interest rate swap is based on market quotes from a major financial institution taking into consideration
the most recent market activity. 

NOTE 15. INCOME TAXES 

We account for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
740,   Income Taxes .   We did not record adjustments to the balance of our unrecognized tax benefits as
of September 30, 2016 and 2015.  At December 31, 2015, we had $0.1 million in liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. 
Included in this liability amount is approximately $20,000 of accrued interest, net of federal income tax benefits, and $6,000
for the related penalties recorded in income tax expense on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.  We expect
to reduce the reserve balance to zero over the next twelve months due to statute expirations.   

Valuation Allowance (Deferred Taxes)   

For financial reporting purposes, we recorded a valuation allowance
of $4.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and $2.8 million as of December 31, 2015 to offset a portion of the deferred tax assets
related to the state net operating loss carryforwards.  We regularly review our financial forecasts in an effort to determine
our ability to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes.  Accordingly, the valuation allowance is adjusted
periodically based on our estimate of the benefit the company will receive from such carryforwards. During the third quarter of
2016, we identified an error in our estimated valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets. We recorded an out-of-period
adjustment to increase our valuation allowance by $1.6 million for a portion of the deferred tax assets related to state net operating
loss carryforwards that we determined were not more likely than not to be realized. 

NOTE 16. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

The company enters into various agreements in the normal course
of business that contain minimum guarantees. These minimum guarantees are often tied to future events, such as future revenue
earned in excess of the contractual level. Accordingly, the fair value of these arrangements is zero. 

26  

The company also records contingent earn-out consideration
representing the estimated fair value of future liabilities associated with acquisitions that may have additional payments due
upon the achievement of certain performance targets. The fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration is estimated as of
the acquisition date as the present value of the expected contingent payments as determined using weighted probabilities of the
expected payment amounts. We review the probabilities of possible future payments to estimate the fair value of any contingent
earn-out consideration on a quarterly basis over the earn-out period. Actual results are compared to the estimates and probabilities
of achievement used in our forecasts.  Should actual results of the acquired business increase or decrease as compared to
our estimates and assumptions, the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration liability will increase or decrease,
up to the contracted limit, as applicable. Changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration are reflected
in our results of operations in the period in which they are identified. Changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent
earn-out consideration may materially impact and cause volatility in our operating results. 

The company and its subsidiaries, incident to its business
activities, are parties to a number of legal proceedings, lawsuits, arbitration and other claims. Such matters are subject to
many uncertainties and outcomes that are not predictable with assurance. We evaluate claims based on what we believe to be both
probable and reasonably estimable. With the exception of the matter described below, we are unable to ascertain the ultimate aggregate
amount of monetary liability or the financial impact with respect to these matters. The company maintains insurance that may provide
coverage for such matters. 

In April 2016, pursuant to a counterclaim to a collection suit
initiated by Salem, an award was issued against Salem for breach of contract and attorney fees. While we have filed an appeal
against the award as well as a malpractice lawsuit against the lawyer that represented Salem in the suit, we recorded a legal
reserve of $0.5 million as of March 31, 2016. This reserve represents the total possible loss contingency without third party
recoveries from our appeal, malpractice lawsuit or insurance claims. There have been no changes in our estimates as of the date
of this filing. 

The company believes, at this time, that the final resolution
of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect upon the company s condensed
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

NOTE 17. SEGMENT DATA 

FASB ASC Topic 280,   Segment Reporting ,  
 requires companies to provide certain information about their operating segments. We have three operating segments: (1) Broadcast,
(2) Digital Media and (3) Publishing. 

During the third quarter of 2016 we reclassed Salem Consumer
Products, our e-commerce business that sells books, DVD s and editorial content developed by our on-air personalities, from
our Digital Media segment to our Broadcast segment. With this reclassification, all revenue and expenses generated by on-air hosts,
including broadcast programs and e-commerce product sales are consolidated to assess the financial performance of each network
program. 

Our operating segments reflect how  our
 chief operating decision makers, which we define as a collective group of senior executives, assesses the performance of
each operating segment and determines the appropriate allocations of resources to each segment. Our operating segments now meet
the quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments. We continually review our operating segment classifications to
align with operational changes in our business and may make future changes as necessary. 

We measure and evaluate our operating segments based on operating
income and operating expenses that do not include allocations of costs related to corporate functions, such as accounting and
finance, human resources, legal, tax and treasury; nor do they include costs such as amortization, depreciation, taxes or interest
expense. Changes to our operating segments did not impact the reporting units used to test non-amortizable assets for impairment.
All prior periods presented are updated to reflect the new composition of our operating segments.  Segment
performance, as defined by Salem, is not necessarily comparable to other similarly titled captions of other companies.   

The table below presents financial information for each operating
segment as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 based on the new  composition
of our operating s egments: 

27  

NOTE 18. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

On November 7, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM translator
in Sebring, Florida for $0.1 million. The FM translator will be used by our WKAT-AM radio station in Miami, Florida. 

On October 20, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of radio
station KXFN-AM in St. Louis, Missouri for $0.2 million of cash. The station is currently dark and will be relaunched and operated
within our existing St. Louis market cluster. 

28  

On October 20, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of three
FM translator construction permits for $0.1 million of cash. The FM translator construction permits were based in Angola, Indiana,
Cofax, Indiana and Battle Creek, Michigan and will be used by WKH-AM and WHKW-AM, our radio stations in Cleveland, Ohio and WSDZ-AM
our radio station in St. Louis, Missouri. 

On October 19, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM
translator construction permit in Palm Coast, Florida for $65,000 in cash from a related party. This translator will be used by
our WTWD-AM radio station in Tampa, Florida. 

On October 17, 2016 we purchased two websites,  www.historyonthenet.com
 and  www.authentichistory.com  for $0.1 million. 

On October 12, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM
Translator in Lake City, Florida for $65,000 in cash from a related party. This translator will be used by our WBZW-AM radio station
in Orlando, Florida. 

On October 7, 2016, we entered into an APA to acquire an FM
Translator construction permit in Quartz Site, Arizona for $20,000 in cash. We expect the transaction to close in the fourth quarter
of 2016. This translator will be used by KPRZ-AM in our San Diego radio station (market). 

Subsequent events reflect all applicable transactions through
the date of the filing. 

29  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

GENERAL   

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes
included elsewhere in this report. Our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are not directly comparable from period to
period due to acquisitions and dispositions of selected assets of radio stations and acquisitions of various Internet and publishing
businesses. See Note 4 of our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Salem Media Group, Inc. ( Salem ) is a domestic
multi-media company with integrated operations including radio broadcasting, digital media, and publishing. Effective as of February
19, 2015, we changed our name from Salem Communications Corporation to Salem Media Group, Inc. to more accurately reflect our
multi-media business. Salem was formed in 1986 as a California corporation and was reincorporated in Delaware in 1999. Our content
is intended for audiences interested in Christian and family-themed programming and conservative news talk. We maintain a website
at www.salemmedia.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments
to these reports are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically
filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  Any information found on our website
is not a part of or incorporated by reference into, this or any other report of the company filed with, or furnished to, the SEC.  

OVERVIEW   

We have three operating segments, (1) Broadcast, (2) Digital
Media, and (3) Publishing, which reflect how our chief operating decision makers, which we define as a collective group of senior
executives, assesses the performance of each operating segment and determines the appropriate allocations of resources to each
segment. Our operating segments now meet the quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments. We continually review
our operating segment classifications to align with operational changes in our business and may make changes in the future as
necessary. During the third quarter of 2016 we reclassed Salem Consumer Products, our e-commerce business that sells books, DVD s
and editorial content developed by our on-air personalities, from Digital to Broadcast to assess the performance of each network
program based on all revenue sources. 

We measure and evaluate our operating segments based on operating
income and operating expenses that exclude costs related to corporate functions, such as accounting and finance, human resources,
legal, tax and treasury. We also exclude costs such as amortization, depreciation, taxes and interest expense when evaluating
the performance of our operating segments. 

Our principal sources of broadcast revenues include: 

the sale of
                                         block program time to national and local program producers;   

the sale of
                                         advertising time on our radio stations to national and local advertisers;   

the sale of
                                         advertising time on our national network;   

the syndication
                                         of programming on our national network;   

product sales
                                         and royalties for on-air host materials including podcasts and programs;   

the sale of
                                         banner advertisements on our station websites or on our mobile applications;   

the sale of
                                         digital streaming advertisements on our station websites or on our mobile applications;   

the sale of
                                         advertisements included in digital newsletters;   

fees earned
                                         for creating custom web pages or social media promotions on behalf of our advertisers   

revenue from
                                         station events, including ticket sales and sponsorships; and   

listener purchase
                                         programs, often called non-traditional revenue, where revenue is generated promoting
                                         discounted goods and services to our listeners from special discounts and incentives
                                         offered to our listeners.   

The rates we are able to charge for broadcast air time and
other advertisements are dependent upon several factors, including: 

audience share;   

how well our
                                         stations and digital platform perform for our clients;   

the size of
                                         the market and audience reached;   

the number
                                         of impressions delivered;   

the number
                                         of page views achieved;   

the number
                                         of events held, the number of event sponsorships sold, and the attendance at each event;   

the general
                                         economic conditions in each market; and   

supply and
                                         demand on both a local and national level.   

Our principal sources of digital media revenue include: 

the sale of
                                         digital banner advertisements on our websites and mobile applications ;   

the sale of
                                         digital streaming advertisements on websites and mobile applications;   

the support
                                         and promotion to stream third-party content on our websites;   

30  

the sale of
                                         advertisements included in digital newsletters;   

the digital
                                         delivery of newsletters to subscribers;   

the number
                                         of video and graphic downloads; and   

the sale and
                                         delivery of wellness products.   

Our principal sources of publishing revenue include: 

the sale of
                                         books and e-books;   

subscription
                                         fees for our magazines;   

the sale of
                                         print magazine advertising; and   

publishing
                                         fees from authors.   

Broadcasting   

Our foundational business is the ownership and operation of
radio stations in large metropolitan markets. We own and/or operate a national portfolio of 118 radio stations in 40 markets,
consisting of 34 FM stations and 84 AM stations. We also own and operate Salem Radio Network  ( SRN ), SRN News
Network ( SNN ), Salem Music Network ( SMN ), Today s Christian Music ( TCM ), Singing
News Network (formerly Solid Gospel Network), and Salem Media Representatives TM  ( SMR ). SRN, SNN, SMN
and Singing News Network are networks that develop, produce and syndicate a broad range of programming specifically targeted to
Christian and family-themed talk stations, music stations and general News Talk stations throughout the United States, including
Salem-owned and operated stations. SMR, a national advertising sales firm with offices in ten U.S. cities, specializes in placing
national advertising on religious and other commercial radio stations.   

Station Formats:  

Christian Teaching and Talk.
 We currently program 42 of our radio stations in our foundational format, Christian Teaching and Talk, which is talk programming
emphasizing Christian and family themes. Through this format, a listener can hear Bible teachings and sermons, as well as gain
insight to questions related to daily life, such as raising children or religious legal rights in education and in the workplace.
This format uses block programming time to offer a learning resource and a source of personal support for listeners. Listeners
often contact our programmers to ask questions, obtain materials on a subject matter or receive study guides based on what they
have learned on the radio. 

Block Programming.  We
sell blocks of airtime on our Christian Teaching and Talk format stations to a variety of national and local religious and charitable
organizations that we believe create compelling radio programs. Historically, more than 95% of these religious and charitable
organizations renew their annual programming relationships with us. Based on our historical renewal rates, we believe that block
programming provides a steady and consistent source of revenue and cash flows. Our top ten programmers have remained relatively
constant and average nearly 25 years on-air. Over the last five years, block-programming revenue has comprised from 40% to 41%
of our total net broadcast revenue. 

Satellite Radio.  We
program SiriusXM Channel 131, the exclusive Christian Teaching and Talk channel on SiriusXM, reaching the entire nation 24 hours
a day, seven days a week. 

News Talk.  We currently
program 32 of our radio stations in a News Talk format. Our research shows that our News Talk format is highly complementary to
our core Christian Teaching and Talk format. As programmed by Salem, both of these formats express conservative views and family
values. Our News Talk format also provides for the opportunity to leverage syndicated talk programming produced by our network
SRN. 

Contemporary Christian Music.
 We currently program 13 radio stations in a Contemporary Christian Music ( CCM ) format, branded The FISH 
in most markets. Through the CCM format, we are able to bring listeners the words of inspirational recording artists, set to upbeat
contemporary music. Our music format, branded  Safe for the Whole Family    , features sounds that listeners
of all ages can enjoy and lyrics that can be appreciated. The CCM genre continues to be popular. We believe that this listener
base is underserved in terms of radio coverage, particularly in larger markets, and that our stations fill an otherwise void area
in listener choices. 

Spanish Language Christian
Teaching and Talk.  We currently program eight of our radio stations in a Spanish Language Christian Teaching and Talk format.
This format is similar to our core Christian Teaching and Talk format in that it broadcasts biblical and family-themed programming,
but the programming is specifically tailored for Spanish-speaking audiences. Additionally, block programming on our Spanish Language
Christian Teaching and Talk stations is primarily local rather than national. 

Business . We currently
program 15 of our radio stations in a business format. Our business format features financial commentators, business talk, and
nationally recognized Bloomberg programming. The business format operates similar to our Christian Teaching and Talk format in
that it features long-form block programming. 

Each of our radio stations has a website specifically designed
for that station. The station websites have digital banner advertisements, streaming, links to purchase goods featured by on-air
advertisers, and links to our other digital media sites. 

31  

Revenues generated from our radio stations are reported as
broadcast revenue in our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.
Broadcast revenues are impacted by the rates radio stations can charge for programming and advertising time, the level of airtime
sold to programmers and advertisers, the number of impressions delivered or downloads made, and the number of events held, including
the size of the event and the number of attendees. Block programming rates are based upon our stations  ability to attract
audiences that will support the program producers through contributions and purchases of their products. Advertising rates are
based upon the demand for advertising time, which in turn is based on our stations and networks  ability to produce results
for their advertisers. We market ourselves to advertisers based on the responsiveness of our audiences. We do not subscribe to
traditional audience measuring services for most of our radio stations. In select markets, we subscribe to Nielsen Audio, which
develops quarterly reports measuring a radio station s audience share in the demographic groups targeted by advertisers.
Each of our radio stations and our networks has a pre-determined level of time available for block programming and/or advertising,
which may vary at different times of the day. 

Nielsen uses its own technology to collect data for its ratings
service. The Portable People Meter  TM  ( PPM   ) is a small device that does not require active
manipulation by the end user and is capable of automatically measuring radio, television, Internet, satellite radio and satellite
television signals that are encoded for the service by the broadcaster. The PPM offers a number of advantages over the traditional
diary ratings collection system including ease of use, more reliable ratings data and shorter time periods between when advertising
runs and when audience listening or viewing habits can be reported. In markets where we subscribe to Nielsen under the PPM, our
ratings tend to fluctuate even when there are no significant programming or competitive changes in the market. PPM data can fluctuate
when changes are made to the  panel  (a group of individuals holding PPM devices). This makes all stations susceptible
to inconsistencies in ratings that may or may not accurately reflect the actual number of listeners at any given time. 

As is typical in the radio broadcasting industry, our second
and fourth quarter advertising revenue generally exceeds our first and third quarter advertising revenue. This seasonal fluctuation
in advertising revenue corresponds with quarterly fluctuations in the retail advertising industry. Additionally, we experience
increased demand for advertising during election years by way of political advertisements. Quarterly revenue from the sale of
block programming time does not tend to vary significantly because program rates are generally set annually and are recognized
on a per program basis. 

Our cash flows from broadcasting are affected by transitional
periods experienced by radio stations when, based on the nature of the radio station, our plans for the market and other circumstances,
we find it beneficial to change the station format. During this transitional period, when we develop a radio station s listener
and customer base, the station may generate negative or insignificant cash flow. 

Trade or barter agreements are common in the broadcast industry.
Our radio stations utilize barter agreements to exchange airtime for goods or services in lieu of cash. We enter barter agreements
if the goods or services to be received can be used in our business or can be sold to our audience through listener purchase programs,
which are programs that offer sales of local goods and services to listeners at a discount. We limit the use of barter agreements
with our general policy being not to preempt airtime sold for cash for airtime sold under a barter agreement. In each of the nine
months ending September 30, 2015 and 2016, we sold 97%, of our broadcast revenue for cash. 

The primary operating expenses incurred by our Broadcast entities
include: (i) employee salaries, commissions and related employee benefits and taxes, (ii) facility expenses such as
rent and utilities, (iii) marketing and promotional expenses, (iv) production and programming expenses, and (v) music
license fees. In addition to these expenses, our broadcast networks incur programming costs and lease expenses for satellite communication
facilities. 

Digital Media   

Web-based and digital content has been a growth area for Salem
and continues to be a focus of future development. Salem Web Network  ( SWN ) and our other web-based businesses
provide Christian and conservative-themed content, audio and video streaming, and other resources digitally through the web. SWN s
web portals include Christian content websites: OnePlace.com, Christianity.com, Crosswalk.com , GodVine.com, Jesus.org and
BibleStudyTools.com. Our conservative opinion websites, collectively known as Townhall Media, include Townhall.com , HotAir.com,
Twitchy.com, HumanEvents.com and RedState.com. We also issue digital newsletters, including Eagle Financial Publications, which
provide market analysis and non-individualized investment strategies from financial commentators on a subscription basis. 

Church product websites including WorshipHouseMedia.com, SermonSpice.com,
and ChurchStaffing.com offer downloads and service platforms to pastors and other educators. Our web content is accessible through
all of our radio station websites that feature content of interest to local listeners throughout the United States. 

E-commerce includes Eagle Wellness and Gene Smart, which are
online e-commerce sites offering complimentary health advice and sales of nutritional products. 

The revenues generated from this segment are reported as digital
media revenue in our condensed consolidated statements of operations included in Part 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.
Digital media revenues are impacted by the rates our sites can charge for advertising time, the level of advertisements sold,
the number of impressions delivered or the number of downloads made and the number digital subscriptions sold. Like our broadcasting
segment, our second and fourth quarter advertising revenue generally exceeds our first and third quarter advertising revenue.
This seasonal fluctuation in advertising revenue corresponds with quarterly fluctuations in the retail advertising industry. We
also experience fluctuations in quarter-over-quarter comparisons based on the date in which the Easter holiday is observed, as
this holiday generates a higher volume of video downloads from our church product sites. Additionally, we experience increased
demand for advertising time and placement during election years for political advertisements. 

32  

The primary operating expenses incurred by our Digital Media
businesses include: (i) employee salaries, commissions and related employee benefits and taxes, (ii) facility expenses
such as rent and utilities, (iii) marketing and promotional expenses, (iv) royalties, (v) streaming costs, and (vi)
cost of goods sold associated with e-commerce sites. 

Publishing   

Our publishing operations include book publishing through Regnery
Publishing, print magazines and our self-publishing services. Regnery Publishing has published dozens of bestselling books by
leading conservative authors and personalities, including Ann Coulter, Newt Gingrich, David Limbaugh, Ed Klein, Mark Steyn and
Dinesh D'Souza. Books are sold in traditional printed form and as eBooks. 

Salem Publishing  produces and distributes numerous Christian
and conservative opinion print magazines, including : Homecoming    The Magazine, YouthWorker Journal     ,
Singing News     , FaithTalk Magazine     ,  and  Preaching Magazine   .
  Xulon Press  and Hillcrest Media offer print-on-demand self-publishing services for authors. Xulon Press  publishes
books for Christian authors while Hillcrest Media publishes books for all general market publications. 

Revenues generated from these entities are reported as publishing
revenue in our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Publishing
revenue is impacted by the retail price of books and e-books, the number of books sold, the number and retail price of e-books
sold, the number and rate of print magazine subscriptions sold, the rate and number of pages of advertisements sold in each print
magazine, and the number and rate at which self-published books are made. Regnery Publishing revenue has been impacted by elections
as they generate higher levels of interest and demand for publications containing conservative and political based opinions. 

The primary operating expenses incurred by our Publishing businesses
include: (i) employee salaries, commissions and related employee benefits and taxes, (ii) facility expenses such as
rent and utilities, (iii) marketing and promotional expenses, (iv) printing and production costs, including paper costs,
(v) cost of goods sold, and (vi) inventory reserves. 

KNOWN TRENDS AND UNCERTAINTIES    

We are particularly dependent on broadcast revenue from our
Los Angeles and Dallas markets, which generated 11.1% and 12.0%, respectively, of our net broadcasting revenue for the nine month
period ending September 30, 2016. Revenues from print magazines, including advertising revenue and subscription revenues, are
challenged both economically and by the increasing use of other mediums that deliver comparable information. Book sales are contingent
upon overall economic conditions and our ability to attract and retain authors. Because digital media is a concentrated growth
area for us, decreases in revenue streams from these areas could affect our operating results, financial condition and results
of operations. Digital revenue is impacted by the nature and delivery of page views. We have experienced a shift in the number
of page views from desktop devices to mobile devices. While mobile page views have increased dramatically, they carry a lower
number of advertisements per page that are sold at lower rates. Digital media revenue is impacted by page views and the number
of advertisements per page. Declines in desktop page views impact revenue as mobile devices carry lower rates and less advertisement
per page. To minimize the impact that any one of these areas could have, we continue to explore opportunities to cross-promote
our brands and our content, and to strategically monitor costs. 

On May 18, 2016, the Department of Labor (DOL) released its
final rule increasing the minimum salary that employees must be paid to qualify as exempt from the overtime requirements under
the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). The new rule increases the salary threshold for the overtime exemption from $455 per week
to $913 per week. On an annual basis, this increases the salary threshold from $23,660 to $47,476 per year. These regulations
become effective December 1, 2016. The DOL will automatically update the standard salary and compensation levels every three years
going forward. We have undertaken an evaluation of the requirements and the impact to our existing employee base. We have either
increased the base wage for employees to meet the new requirements or reclassified employees as non-exempt to pay overtime wages
as applicable. We expect that these FLSA changes will increase our base compensation costs by approximately $0.3 million for the
calendar year ending December 31, 2017, with additional amounts contingent upon variable overtime costs and changes in applicable
commission structures. 

Key Financial Performance Indicators   Same Station
Definition   

In the discussion of our results of operations below, we compare
our broadcast operating results between periods on an as-reported basis, which includes the operating results of all radio stations
and networks owned or operated at any time during either period and on a Same-Station basis. Same Station is a Non-GAAP financial
measure used both in presenting our results to stockholders and the investment community as well as in our internal evaluations
and management of the business. We believe that Same Station operating results provide a meaningful comparison of period over
period performance of our core broadcast operations as this measure excludes the impact of new stations, the impact of stations
we no longer own or operate, and the impact of stations operating under a new programming format. Our presentation of Same Station
operating results are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the most directly comparable financial
measures reported in accordance with GAAP. Our definition of Same Station operating results is not necessarily comparable to similarly
titled measures reported by other companies Refer to  NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES  presented after our results of
operation for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP performance measures to the most comparable GAAP measure 

We define Same Station net broadcast revenue as net broadcast
revenue from our radio stations and networks that we own or operate in the same format on the first and last day of each quarter,
as well as the corresponding quarter of the prior year. We define Same Station broadcast operating expenses as broadcast operating
expenses from our radio stations and networks that we own or operate in the same format on the first and last day of each quarter,
as well as the corresponding quarter of the prior year. Same Station operating results include those stations we own or operate
in the same format on the first and last day of each quarter, as well as the corresponding quarter of the prior year. Same Station
operating results for a full calendar year are calculated as the sum of the Same Station results for each of the four quarters
of that year. 

33  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
three months ended September 30, 2015  

The following factors affected our results of operations and
cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of the prior year: 

Financing  

On September
                                         30, 2016, we paid $2.3 million in principal on our term loan of $300.0 million ( Term
                                         Loan B ), of which $1.5 million was an early prepayment of principal, and paid
                                         interest due as of that date. We recorded a $3,900 pre-tax loss on the early retirement
                                         of long-term debt related to the unamortized discount and $14,000 in bank loan fees associated
                                         with this principal prepayment.   

Acquisitions  

On September
                                         13, 2016, we acquired Mike Turner s line of investment products, including TurnerTrends.com
                                         and other domain names and related assets for $0.4 million in cash and the assumption
                                         of $0.1 million in deferred subscription liabilities.   

On August 1,
                                         2016, we acquired the assets of Hillcrest Media Group, Inc. ( Hillcrest ),
                                         for $3.5 million and the assumption of $1.1 million in deferred revenue liabilities.
                                         We paid $3.3 million in cash upon close with the remaining $0.2 million due within 90
                                         days upon the finalization of deferred revenue obligations.   

Divestitures  

On September
                                         1, 2016, we received $0.7 million in cash associated with a land easement granted in
                                         our South Carolina market.   

Net Broadcast Revenue  

The following table shows the dollar amount and percentage
of net broadcast revenue for each broadcast revenue source. 

The increase of $0.5 million in block programming revenue includes
$0.3 million of revenue generated from stations that we acquired or began operating after September 30, 2015. In existing markets,
we saw increases in the number of national and local programmers featured on our stations. Increases in the number of programmers
creates a higher demand for time slots, which can result in the realization of higher rates particularly for high-demand times.
Program revenue on our News Talk stations increased by $0.1 million due to the launch of a local program onto our national platform. 

34  

Advertising revenue, net of agency commissions, increased by
$0.4 million overall including a $0.6 million increase from political revenue. Excluding the impact of political advertisements,
the net decrease in advertising revenue of $0.2 million resulted from a $0.8 million decline in advertising revenue on our CCM
stations, particularly in our Dallas and Atlanta markets due to higher competition for advertising sales from agencies and what
we believe to be a shift in advertisers to reach a younger demographic. In response to these trends, we have undertaken efforts
to retool our music, image and promotions to capture more of that audience. This decline was partially offset by a $0.4 million
increase in national advertising on our Christian Teaching and Talk and News Talk Stations and a $0.1 million increase in local
advertising on our News Talk stations. Our News Talk stations benefited from higher demands for air-time associated with news and
related content from the 2016 presidential election cycle. This higher demand for air time results in higher spot rates for premium
air time. 

Digital revenues from our radio station websites increased
$0.1 million primarily from our News Talk Stations. Digital revenues were favorably impacted by higher demand and higher page
views associated with news and related content from the 2016 presidential election. Rates charged were consistent with those during
the same period of the prior year. 

While infomercials have declined in popularity in recent years,
infomercial revenue increased $0.2 million on our Christian Teaching and Talk stations. The increase reflects a higher number
of infomercials sold during the three months ending September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of the prior year. We continue
our efforts to feature programming that is tailored to our listeners and consistent with our company values. 

Network revenues increased $1.1 million including a $1.0 million
increase in network affiliation fees due to a higher number of radio stations syndicating our programs and a $0.1 million increase
in political advertisements. Overall, the demand for our network programming has been driven largely by the heightened interest
in the current political scene. Our nationally-syndicated hosts have increased their exposure outside of their radio shows and
have become trusted resources to our listeners. Both time spent listening and advertiser response is up, leading to higher renewals
and new business opportunities. 

The decline in other revenue of $0.6 million includes a $0.4
million decline in revenue from listener purchase programs due to a lower demand from our listeners to participate in sales incentives
and discount programs and a $0.2 million decline in event revenue from lower attendance at an annual summer festival due to unusually
high temperatures. 

On a Same Station basis, net broadcast revenue increased $1.1
million, which reflects these items net of the impact of stations with format changes and acquisitions. 

Net Digital Media Revenue  

Digital advertising revenue, net of agency commissions, increased
by $1.0 million on a consolidated basis. Included in this amount is a $0.3 million increase in political advertising revenue from
Townhall Media, our conservative opinion websites and a $0.6 million increase in net digital advertising revenue from Salem Web
Network due to growth in page views generated from the use of mobile applications. While changes in the Facebook newsfeed algorithm
have negatively impacted the volume of our desktop page views, we have been developing and promoting the use of mobile applications.
Our website traffic increased 92% as compared to the same period of the prior year largely due to an increase in traffic from our
Christian mobile applications. Visits to our mobile applications increased 960% to represent 55% of our total traffic as compared
to 10% of our total traffic one year ago. These increases include an increase in the number of visits and in the number Christian
mobile applications available. While Facebook traffic is down 46% as compared to the same period of the prior year, we are less
dependent on this traffic than we used to be, which now represents only 9% of our total traffic. One important note about this
shift in traffic to mobile applications and away from desktop and tablet is that there are far fewer ads on mobile and visits are
much shorter. As a result, our growth in traffic is much larger than our growth in revenue. 

There were no significant changes in digital streaming revenues
for content available on our Christian websites. The volume of downloads and rates charged were generally consistent with those
of the same period of the prior year. 

Digital subscription revenue declined by $27,000 due to lower
distribution levels of Eagle Financial Publications. The stock market performance during 2016, specifically the drop in the market
during January 2016, negatively impacted the demand for these products. There were no changes in subscriber rates during this
period. 

The increase in digital download revenue reflects a higher
volume of downloads during the three month period ending September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of the prior year.
Of this increase, $45,000 was generated from WorshipHouseMedia.com and $12,000 from SermonSpice.com. There were no changes in
fee rates charged to our customers for digital downloads. 

35  

E-commerce revenue includes sales of wellness products from
Eagle Wellness and Gene Smart. Sales of Eagle Wellness products declined by $44,000 and were partially offset with products sold
under Gene Smart of $6,000. The net decline reflects a 3% reduction in the number of products sold. There were no changes in the
retail prices under which products are sold, however, based on the composite mix of products sold, there was a 6% reduction in
the average unit price per unit. 

Net Publishing Revenue  

On a consolidated basis, book sales increased $0.4 million due
to an increase in the number of author submissions through our self-publishing services of which approximately $0.5 million was
generated from our newly acquired publisher Hillcrest offset by a $0.1 million decline in submissions from Christian authors with
Xulon Press. There were no changes in the rates charged as compared to the same period of the prior year. Sales of books through
Regnery Publishing were unchanged, both in volume and price, with that of the same period of the prior year. Book sales through
Regnery Publishing are directly attributable to the composite mix of titles available in each period. Revenues can vary significantly
based on the book release date and the number of titles that achieve the New York Times bestseller list, which can increase awareness
and demand for the book. The decrease in estimated sales returns and allowances for Regnery Publishing of $0.3 million reflects
an adjustment to future estimated returns of $0.2 million for books released in 2015 and $0.1 million for books released in 2016
based on actual returns to date that were lower than our original estimates. 

E-book sales from Regnery Publishing increased $0.5 million
based on a higher volume of books sold as compared to the same period of the prior year. Similar to the sale of books in print,
e-book sales are also directly attributable to the composite mix of titles available in each period. Revenues can vary significantly
based on the book release date and the number of titles that achieve the New York Times bestseller list, which can increase awareness
and demand for the book. 

Self-publishing fees increased $0.3 million due to growth in
the number of authors utilizing the service of which $0.2 million was generated from our newly acquired publisher Hillcrest and
$0.1 million was generated from Xulon Press. There were no changes in fees charged as compared to the same period of the prior
year. We believe that our ability to cross-promote our self-publishing services to authors interested in Regnery Publishing provides
us with ongoing growth potential. Our acquisition of Hillcrest Media, a self-publishing service provider for general market authors,
increase our ability to cross-promote our publishing services. Hillcrest Media is a  tuck-in  acquisition that will
be operated from within our existing Xulon Press operations. 

Print magazine revenues continue to decline with a $26,000
reduction in subscription revenue based on a lower number of subscribers and a $30,000 decline in advertising revenues due to
reduced demand from advertisers and reduced rates based on the lower subscriber levels as compared to the same period of the prior
year. We continue to explore cost reductions in this segment to offset the eroding revenue base. 

Broadcast Operating Expenses  

The $1.9 million increase in broadcast operating expenses includes
a $0.9 million increase in payroll related costs due to higher staffing levels from acquisitions and an increase in sales based
commissions consistent with higher revenues, a $0.6 million increase in employee benefits due to an increase in higher value claims
under our health insurance plan, a $0.4 million increase in professional service fees including independent contractors and engineering
fees associated with acquisitions, and a $0.2 million increase in advertising and event expenses. These increases were partially
offset by a $0.4 million decline in bad debt expenses due to successful collection efforts. On a Same Station basis, broadcast
operating expenses increased by $1.3 million, which reflects these items net of the impact of start-up costs associated with format
changes and station launches. 

36  

Digital Media Operating Expenses  

The $0.5 million increase in digital media operating expenses
includes a $0.2 million increase in payroll related costs across all business units due to higher sales based commissions, a $0.1
million in employee benefits due to an increase in higher value claims under our health insurance plan, a $0.2 million increase
in streaming fees due to a higher usage volume, a $64,000 increase in fulfillment costs for Eagle Financial Publications, and
a $29,000 increase in royalties for Eagle Financial Publications offset by a $0.1 million reduction in facility-related expenses
due to the consolidation of Townhall Media with our Washington DC broadcast facilities. 

Publishing Operating Expenses  

Publishing operating expenses reflect a $0.3 million increase
in the cost of goods sold associated with book sales. The gross profit margin for Regnery Publishing improved to 51% for the three
months ending September 30, 2016 compared to 34% for the same period of the prior year. This improvement is due to the $0.5 million
increase in e-book revenues which have lower cost of goods sold due to the nature of delivery and no allowances for sales returns.
The gross profit margin for our self-publishing entities was 69% for each of the three months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Our newly acquired publisher Hillcrest, generated approximately
$0.9 million of operating expenses including salary and facility-related costs. Our existing publishing entities incurred a $0.1
million increase in advertising and promotional costs and a $43,000 increase in employee benefits due to an increase in higher
value claims under our health insurance plan. 

Unallocated Corporate Expenses  

Unallocated corporate expenses include shared services, such
as accounting and finance, human resources, legal, tax and treasury that are not directly attributable to any one of our operating
segments. Increases in these costs over the same period of the prior year include a $0.2 million increase in payroll related costs,
a $0.1 million increase in employee benefits due an increase in higher value claims under our health insurance plan and a $0.2
million increase in professional fees associated with accounting and legal services. 

Depreciation Expense  

There were no changes in our depreciation methods or in the
estimated useful lives of our asset groups. The decline in depreciation of $0.2 million reflects the impact of computer software
acquired during the year ending December 31, 2012 that were fully depreciated as of the three month period ending September 30,
2016, compared to generating depreciation expense of $0.2 million for the same period of the prior year as well as the composite
mix of other capital expenditures that were also fully depreciated. Capital expenditures and acquisitions during the fourth quarter
of 2015 and 2016 to date are expected to increase depreciation expense over the remainder of 2016. 

Amortization Expense   

There were no changes in our amortization methods or in the
estimated useful lives of our intangible asset groups. Amortization expense was consistent with that of the same period of the
prior year, with declines in amortization for assets acquired with Eagle Publishing offset with increases from the amortization
of assets acquired with Hillcrest. Capital expenditures and acquisitions during the fourth quarter of 2015 and 2016 to date are
expected to increase amortization expense over the remainder of 2016. 

37  

Change in the Estimated Fair Value of Contingent Earn-Out
Consideration  

Our acquisitions may include contingent earn-out consideration
as part of the purchase price under which we will make future payments to the seller upon the achievement of certain benchmarks.
We review the probabilities of possible future payments to estimate the fair value of any contingent earn-out consideration on
a quarterly basis over the earn-out period. Actual results are compared to the estimates and probabilities of achievement used
in our forecasts. Should actual results of the acquired business increase or decrease as compared to our estimates and assumptions,
the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration liability will increase or decrease, up to the contracted limit,
as applicable. 

During the three month period ending September 30, 2016, we
reduced the estimated fair value of our contingent earn-out liabilities by $0.2 million compared to a net decrease of $0.6 million
during the same period of the prior year. These changes are based on actual results as compared to the estimates used in our probability
analysis for each contingency. Refer to Note 5 of our condensed consolidated financial statements for a detailed analysis of the
changes in our assumptions and the impact for each contingency. 

Changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out
consideration are reflected in our results of operations in the period in which they are identified. Changes in the estimated
fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration may materially impact and cause volatility in our operating results. 

(Gain) Loss on the Sale or Disposal
of Assets  

The net gain on the sale or disposal of assets of $0.5 million
for the three month period ending September 30, 2016 includes a $0.7 million gain from a land easement in our South Carolina market
offset by $0.2 million in various fixed asset disposals. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Interest income represents earnings on excess cash and interest
due under promissory notes. 

Interest expense includes interest due on outstanding debt
balances, interest due on our swap agreement and non-cash interest accretion related to deferred payments related to our acquisition
activity and from our contingent earn-out consideration. The $0.2 million decline in interest expense is due a lower principal
balance outstanding our Term Loan B and a lower average outstanding balance on our Revolver. 

The change in the fair value of interest rate swap reflects
the mark-to-market fair value adjustment of the interest rate swap agreement that was entered into on March 28, 2013. 

The loss on early retirement of long-term debt reflects the
unamortized discount and bank loan fees associated with principal repayments on our Term Loan B. 

Net miscellaneous income and expenses includes royalty income,
usage fees for real estate properties and insurance proceeds. 

Provision for Income Taxes  

38  

The increase of $2.4 million in our provision for income taxes
reflects an increase of $0.8 million based on our current period tax analysis and a $1.6 million out-of-period adjustment to correct
an error in our estimated valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets related to state net operating loss carryforwards
that we determined were not more likely than not to be realized. The provision for income taxes as a percentage of income before
income taxes, or the effective tax rate was 63.2% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 38.8% for the same
period of the prior year. The effective tax rate for each period differs from the federal statutory income rate of 35.0% due to
the effect of state income taxes, certain expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes, and changes in the valuation allowance
from the utilization or allowance taken on certain state net operating loss carryforwards. 

Net Income   

We recognized net income of $2.2 million for the three month
period ending September 30, 2016 compared to $2.1 million in the same period of the prior year. Our operating income was unchanged
at $8.8 million during each of these periods. Net income improved by $0.2 million due to lower interest expense of $0.2 million
and the $2.4 million favorable impact from the fair value of our swap agreement that was offset by a $2.4 million increase in
our provision for income taxes. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the
nine months ended September 30, 2015  

The following factors affected our results of operations and
cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period of the prior year: 

Financing  

On September
                                         30, 2016, we paid $2.3 million in principal on our term loan of $300.0 million ( Term
                                         Loan B ), of which $1.5 million was an early prepayment of principal, and paid
                                         interest due as of that date. We recorded a $3,900 pre-tax loss on the early retirement
                                         of long-term debt related to the unamortized discount and $14,000 in bank loan fees associated
                                         with this principal prepayment.   

On June 30,
                                         2016, we paid $1.2 million in principal on our Term Loan B, of which $0.4 million was
                                         an early repayment of principal. We recorded a $1,300 pre-tax loss on the early retirement
                                         of long-term debt related to the unamortized discount and $3,400 in bank loan fees associated
                                         with this principal repayment.   

On March 17,
                                         2016, we paid $0.8 million in principal on our Term Loan B and paid interest due as of
                                         that date. We recorded a $2,500 pre-tax loss on the early retirement of long-term debt
                                         related to the unamortized discount and $6,700 in bank loan fees associated with this
                                         principal repayment.   

Acquisitions  

On September
                                         13, 2016, we acquired Mike Turner s line of investment products, including TurnerTrends.com
                                         and other domain names and related assets for $0.4 million in cash and the assumption
                                         of $0.1 million in deferred subscription liabilities.   

On August 1,
                                         2016, we acquired the assets of Hillcrest Media Group, Inc. ( Hillcrest ),
                                         for $3.5 million and the assumption of $1.1 million in deferred revenue liabilities.
                                         We paid $3.3 million in cash upon close with the remaining $0.2 million due within 90
                                         days upon the finalization of deferred revenue obligations.   

On June 20,
                                         2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator used in our Columbus, Ohio market
                                         for $0.3 million in cash.   

On June 10,
                                         2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator in Amherst, New York for $60,000
                                         in cash. The translator is used in our Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania market.   

On June 8, 2016,
                                         we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator construction permit in Charlotte, Michigan
                                         for $50,000 in cash. The translator will be used in our Detroit, Michigan market.   

On June 3, 2016,
                                         we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator construction permit in Atwood, Kentucky
                                         for $88,000 in cash. The translator will be used in our Columbus, Ohio market.   

On May 13, 2016,
                                         we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator in construction permit in Kerrville,
                                         Texas for $50,000 in cash. The translator will be used in our Houston, Texas market.   

On May 2, 2016,
                                         we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator in Lincoln, Maine for $100,000 in cash.
                                         The translator is used in our Boston, Massachusetts market.   

On April 29,
                                         2016, we closed on the acquisition of a construction permit for an FM Translator in Emporia,
                                         Kansas for $25,000 in cash. The translator will be relocated to Omaha, Nebraska, for
                                         use by our KCRO-AM radio station.   

39  

On April 1,
                                         2016, we acquired the Retirement Watch newsletter and websites for $0.1 million in cash
                                         and the assumption of $0.6 million in deferred subscription liabilities.   

On March 8,
                                         2016, we acquired King James Bible mobile applications for $4.0 million of which $2.7
                                         million was paid in cash upon close and $1.3 million is due in deferred installments
                                         within one year from the closing date.   

Divestitures  

On September
                                         1, 2016, we received $0.7 million in cash associated with a land easement granted in
                                         our South Carolina market.   

On June 10,
                                         2016, we received $2.5 million in cash from the National Park Service in exchange for
                                         its claim under eminent domain for our tower site in Miami, Florida. We recognized a
                                         pre-tax gain of $1.9 million from this sale. We entered a limited terms of use agreement
                                         with the National Park Service to broadcast from the tower site for the next twenty years
                                         for a nominal fee.   

Net Broadcast Revenue  

The following table shows the dollar amount and percentage
of net broadcast revenue for each broadcast revenue source. 

The $3.1 million increase in block programming revenue includes
$0.9 million of revenue generated from stations that were acquired or began programming after September 30, 2015. In existing
markets, we saw increases in the number of both national and local programmers featured on our stations. The increase in the number
of programmers creates a higher demand for time slots, which can result in the realization of higher rates. Program revenue on
our Christian Teaching   Talk stations increased $1.5 million of which $1.3 million was from national programs and $0.2 million
was from local programs. Programming revenue on our News Talk stations increased $0.6 million including $0.3 million from the
launch of a local program onto our national platform. 

Advertising revenue, net of agency commissions, was unchanged
with that of the same period of the prior year. Advertising revenue for the nine month period ending September 30, 2016 includes
$1.6 million of political advertising revenue that had it not been realized, would have resulted in a $1.6 million decline in advertising
revenues. Declines in national advertising revenue of $0.6 million were offset with increases in local advertising of the same
amount. Excluding political advertising, the decline of $1.5 million in advertising revenue is due to a $2.9 million decline in
advertising on our CCM stations, particularly in our Dallas and Atlanta markets that have experienced a higher level of competition
for advertising sales from agencies and what we believe to be a shift in advertisers to reach a younger demographic. In response
to these trends, we have undertaken efforts to retool our music, image and promotions to capture more of that audience. This decline
was partially offset by a $0.6 million increase in advertising sales on News Talk stations, a $0.3 million increase in advertising
sales on our Business stations, a $0.2 million increase in advertising sales on our Spanish Christian Teaching and Talk stations
and a $0.2 million increase on our Christian Teaching and Talk Stations. Our News Talk stations benefited from higher demands for
air-time associated with news and related content from the 2016 presidential debates. This higher demand for air time results in
higher spot rates for premium air time. 

Digital revenues from our radio station websites increased
$0.1 million primarily from our News Talk Stations. Digital revenues were favorably impacted by higher demand and higher page
views associated with news and related content from the 2016 presidential election. Rates charged were consistent with those during
the same period of the prior year. 

40  

Our News Talk stations saw higher levels of infomercials during
the three month period ending September 30, 2016, however, our year to date infomercial revenue is down due to our efforts to feature
programming that is tailored to our listeners and consistent with our company values. We continue to seek alternatives to infomercial
programs which we believe are not of interest to our listeners. 

The growth in network revenues of $2.2 million includes $1.9
million in network affiliation fees from increases in the number of stations syndicating our programs and a $0.3 million increase
in political advertisements. Overall, the demand for our network programming has been driven largely by the heightened interest
in the current political scene. Our nationally-syndicated hosts have increased their exposure outside of their radio shows and
have become trusted resources to our listeners. Both time spent listening and advertiser response is up, leading to higher renewals
and new business opportunities. 

The decline in other revenue of $1.4 million includes a $1.2
million decline in revenue from listener purchase programs due to lower demand from our listeners to participate in sales incentives
and discount programs and a $0.3 million decrease in event revenue due to lower attendance at a summer festival due to unusually
high temperatures that was partially offset by a $0.1 million increase in real estate and tower rents. 

On a Same Station basis, net broadcast revenue increased $2.2
million, which reflects these items net of the impact of stations with format changes and acquisitions. 

Net Digital Media Revenue  

Digital advertising revenue, net of agency commissions, increased
by $1.7 million on a consolidated basis. Included in this amount is a $0.4 million increase in political advertising revenue and
a $0.1 million in other advertising revenue from Townhall Media, our conservative opinion websites and a $1.1 million increase
in net digital advertising revenue from Salem Web Network due to growth in page views generated from the use of mobile applications.
While changes in the Facebook newsfeed algorithm have negatively impacted the volume of our desktop page views, we have been developing
and promoting the use of mobile applications. The increases in traffic to our websites that we have observed to date this year,
are largely due to an increases in the number of visits and in the number Christian mobile applications available. The growth in
traffic from these mobile applications, reduces our reliance on Facebook to generate traffic. One important note about this shift
in traffic to mobile applications and away from desktop and tablet is that there are far fewer ads on mobile and visits are much
shorter. As a result, our growth in traffic is much larger than our growth in revenue. 

The increase of $0.1 million in digital streaming revenues reflects
a higher usage of content available on our Christian websites. The rates charged were consistent with those of the same period
of the prior year. 

Digital subscription revenue declined by $0.3 million due to
lower distribution levels of Eagle Financial Publications. The stock market performance during 2016, specifically the drop in the
market during January 2016, negatively impacted the demand for these products. There were no changes in subscriber rates during
this period. 

Digital download revenue was down slightly as compared to the
same period of the prior year based on the volume of downloads generated during this time. There were no changes in fee rates charged
to our customers for digital downloads. 

E-commerce revenue includes sales of wellness products from
Eagle Wellness and Gene Smart. Sales of Eagle Wellness products declined by $0.2 million and were partially offset with products
sold under Gene Smart of $0.1 million. The net decline reflects a 7% reduction in the number of products sold. There were no changes
in the retail prices under which products are sold, however, based on the composite mix of products sold, there was a 1% reduction
in the average unit price per unit. 

Net Publishing Revenue  

41  

On a consolidated basis, book sales increased $1.3 million due
to an increase in print book sales from Regnery Publishing of $1.2 million and a $0.1 million increase in author submissions through
our self-publishing services of which $0.5 million was generated from our newly acquired publisher Hillcrest offset by a $0.3 million
decline from Xulon Press. Increases in revenue reflect higher sales volumes with no change in the rates charged. Book sales through
Regnery Publishing are directly attributable to the composite mix of titles available in each period. Revenues can vary significantly
based on the book release date and the number of titles that achieve the New York Times bestseller list, which can increase awareness
and demand for the book. The increase in estimated sales returns of $0.2 million is consistent with higher revenues. 

E-book sales from Regnery Publishing increased $0.2 million
based on a higher volume of books sold as compared to the same period of the prior year. Similar to the sale of books in print,
e-book sales are also directly attributable to the composite mix of titles available in each period. Revenues can vary significantly
based on the book release date and the number of titles that achieve the New York Times bestseller list, which can increase awareness
and demand for the book. 

Self-publishing fees increased $0.5 million due to growth in
the number of authors utilizing the service of which $0.2 million was generated from our newly acquired publisher Hillcrest and
$0.3 was generated from Xulon Press. There were no changes in fees as compared to the same period of the prior year. We believe
that our ability to cross-promote our self-publishing services to authors interested in Regnery Publishing provides us with ongoing
growth potential. We believe that our acquisition of Hillcrest Media, a self-publishing service provider for all authors, also
increases our ability to cross-promote our publishing services. Hillcrest Media is a  tuck-in  acquisition that will
be operated from within our existing Xulon Press operations. 

Print magazine revenues continue to decline with a $0.1 million
reduction in subscription revenue based on a lower number of subscribers and a $0.2 million decline in advertising revenues due
to reduced demand from advertisers and reduced rates based on the lower subscriber levels as compared to the same period of the
prior year. We continue to explore cost reductions in this segment to offset the eroding revenue base. 

Broadcast Operating Expenses  

The $4.5 million increase in broadcast operating expenses includes
a $2.6 million increase in payroll related costs due to higher staffing levels and an increase in sales-based commissions consistent
with higher revenues, a $0.7 million increase in employee benefit costs due to an increase in higher value claims under our health
insurance plan, a $0.7 million increase in facility-related costs, a $0.7 million increase in professional services, a $0.5 million
charge associated with a contract litigation matter, and $0.2 million of costs associated with a corporate-sponsored conference.
The corporate sponsored conference was held in January 2016 and featured our local and national talk show hosts focusing on opportunities
with the upcoming political elections. These higher costs were offset with a $0.9 million decline in bad debt expense due to successful
collection efforts and a $0.1 million decline in discretionary advertising costs. The increase in broadcast operating expenses
on a Same Station basis reflects these items net of the impact of start-up costs associated with format changes and station launches. 

Digital Media Operating Expenses  

The $0.7 million increase in digital media operating expenses
includes a $0.2 million increase in payroll related costs across all business units based on higher staffing levels and higher
sales based commissions and bonuses from Townhall Media, a $0.1 million increase in employee benefit costs due to an increase in
higher value claims under our health insurance plan, a $0.4 million increase in streaming expenses due to a higher usage volume
primarily from Townhall Media, and a $0.1 million increase in consulting services that were offset with $0.2 million of savings
in facility related costs due to the consolidation of Townhall Media with our Washington DC broadcast facilities. 

42  

Publishing Operating Expenses   

Publishing operating expenses reflect a $1.2 million increase
in the cost of goods sold associated with book sales. The gross profit margin for Regnery Publishing was 51% for the nine months
ending September 30, 2016 compared to 56% for the same period of the prior year. The decline in the gross profit margin for Regnery
Publishing reflects a higher royalty expense in 2016 consistent with the $1.2 million increase in revenue. On a year to date basis,
e-book sales increased by $0.2 million, with the favorable impact to sales returns and allowances offset with higher reserves taken
on select titles in 2016. The gross profit margin for our self-publishing entities was 71% for the nine months ending September
30, 2016 compared to 70% for the same period of the prior year. 

Our newly acquired publisher Hillcrest, generated approximately
$0.9 million of operating expenses including salary and facility-related costs. Our existing publishing entities incurred a $0.1
million increase in advertising and promotional costs and a $35,000 increase in employee benefits due to an increase in higher
value claims under our health insurance plan that were offset with a $0.2 million decline in bad debt expense due to improvements
in collection efforts. 

Unallocated Corporate Expenses   

Unallocated corporate expenses include shared services, such
as accounting and finance, human resources, legal, tax and treasury that are not directly attributable to any one of our operating
segments. The increase of $0.7 million includes a $0.4 million increase in payroll related costs that includes a $47,000 increase
in employee benefit costs due to an increase in higher value claims under our health insurance plan, and a $0.3 million increase
in professional fees associated with legal and accounting services. Increases in in professional services related to corporate
matters associated with acquisitions and growth. 

Depreciation Expense  

There were no changes in our depreciation methods or in the
estimated useful lives of our asset groups. The decline in depreciation of $0.4 million reflects the impact of computer software
acquired during the year ending December 31, 2012 that were fully depreciated as of the nine month period ending September 30,
2016, compared to generating depreciation expense of $0.3 million for the same period of the prior year as well as the composite
mix of other capital expenditures that were also fully depreciated. Capital expenditures and acquisitions from the fourth quarter
of 2015 are expected to increase depreciation expense over the remainder of 2016. 

Amortization Expense   

There were no changes in our amortization methods or in the
estimated useful lives of our intangible asset groups. The decline in amortization expense of $0.3 million reflects the impact
of customer lists and contracts acquired with Eagle Publishing that were fully amortized as of the nine month period ending September
30, 2016, compared to generating amortization expense of $0.4 million during the same period of the prior year that were offset
with amortization of assets acquired with Hillcrest in September 2016. 

Change in the Estimated Fair Value of Contingent Earn-Out
Consideration  

Our acquisitions may include contingent earn-out consideration
as part of the purchase price under which we will make future payments to the seller upon the achievement of certain benchmarks.
We review the probabilities of possible future payments to estimate the fair value of any contingent earn-out consideration on
a quarterly basis over the earn-out period. Actual results are compared to the estimates and probabilities of achievement used
in our forecasts. Should actual results of the acquired business increase or decrease as compared to our estimates and assumptions,
the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration liability will increase or decrease, up to the contracted limit,
as applicable. 

43  

During the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, we reduced
the estimated fair value of our contingent earn-out liabilities by $0.5 million compared to a net decrease of $0.8 million during
the same period of the prior year. These changes are based on actual results as compared to the estimates used in our probability
analysis for each contingency. Refer to Note 5 of our condensed consolidated financial statements for a detailed analysis of the
changes in our assumptions and the impact for each contingency. 

Changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent earn-out
consideration are reflected in our results of operations in the period in which they are identified. Changes in the estimated fair
value of the contingent earn-out consideration may materially impact and cause volatility in our operating results. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

Based on changes in management s planned usage, we classified
land in Covina, California as held for sale as of June 2012. At that time we evaluated the land for impairment in accordance with
guidance for impairment of long-lived assets held for sale. We determined that the carrying value of the land exceeded the estimated
fair value less costs to sell and recorded an impairment charge of $5.6 million associated with the land based on our estimated
sale price at that time. In December 2012, after several purchase offers for the land were terminated, we obtained a third-party
valuation for the land. Based on the fair value determined by the third-party, we recorded an additional impairment charge of $1.2
million associated with the land. While we continue to market the land for sale and have no intention to use the land in our operations,
we have not received successful offers. Based on the amount of time that the land has been held for sale, we obtained a third-party
valuation for the land as of June 2016. Based on this fair value appraisal, we recorded an additional $0.7 million impairment charge
associated with the land during the three months ended June 30, 2016. 

(Gain) Loss on the Sale or Disposal of Assets  

The net gain on the sale or disposal of assets of $2.0 million
for the nine month period ending September 30, 2016 includes a $1.9 million gain on the sale of our Miami tower site and $0.7 million
gain from a land easement in our South Carolina market offset by a $0.4 million charge associated with leasehold improvements that
were abandoned during the relocation of our offices in Washington D.C. market and various fixed asset disposals. 

The net loss on the sale or disposal of assets for the same
period of the prior year includes a $0.2 million charge associated with the relocation of our office and studio in the Seattle,
Washington market offset by various fixed asset disposals. 

Other Income (Expense)  

Interest income represents earnings on excess cash and interest
due under promissory notes. 

Interest expense includes interest due on outstanding debt balances,
interest due on our swap agreement and non-cash interest accretion related to deferred payments related to our acquisition activity
and from our contingent earn-out consideration. The $0.3 million decline in interest expense is due a lower principal balance outstanding
our Term Loan B and a lower average outstanding balance on our Revolver. 

The change in the fair value of interest rate swap reflects
the mark-to-market fair value adjustment of the interest rate swap agreement that was entered into on March 28, 2013. 

The loss on early retirement of long-term debt reflects the
unamortized discount and bank loan fees associated with principal redemptions of our Term Loan B. 

44  

Net miscellaneous income and expenses includes royalty income,
usage fees for our real estate properties and insurance proceeds. 

Provision for Income Taxes  

The increase of $2.4 million reflects an increase of $0.8 million
based on our current year to date tax analysis and a $1.6 million out-of-period adjustment to correct an error in our estimated
valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets related to state net operating loss carryforwards that we determined were not
more likely than not to be realized. The provision for income taxes as a percentage of income before income taxes, or the effective
tax rate was 50.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 39.0% for the same period of the prior year. The effective
tax rate for each period differs from the federal statutory income rate of 35.0% due to the effect of state income taxes, certain
expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes, and changes in the valuation allowance from the utilization or allowance taken
on certain state net operating loss carryforwards. 

Net Income   

Net income  was unchanged at $5.9 million
for each of these periods. Our
operating income increased by $0.9 million due to a $7.0 million increase in net revenue that was offset by a $6.1 million
increase in operating expenses. Included in operating expenses are a $1.9 million gain from the sale of our Miami tower site,
a $0.7 million gain from a land easement in our South Carolina market and a $0.7 million impairment charge based on land
value. We also recognized a $1.5 million decrease in other expenses due to lower interest expense of $0.3 million and the
$1.2 million favorable impact from the fair value of our swap agreement that was offset by a $2.4 million increase in
our provision for income taxes. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 

Management uses certain non-GAAP financial measures defined
below in communications with investors, analysts, rating agencies, banks and others to assist such parties in understanding the
impact of various items on our financial statements. We use these non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate financial results, develop
budgets, manage expenditures and as a measure of performance under compensation programs. 

Our presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures should
not be considered as a substitute for or superior to the most directly comparable financial measures as reported in accordance
with GAAP. 

Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K defines and prescribes the conditions
under which certain non-GAAP financial information may be presented in this report. We closely monitor EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA,
Station Operating Income ( SOI ), Same Station net broadcast revenue, Same Station broadcast operating expenses, Same
Station Operating Income, Digital Media Operating Income, and Publishing Operating Income, all of which are non-GAAP financial
measures. We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about our core operating results, and thus,
are appropriate to enhance the overall understanding of our financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are intended
to provide management and investors a more complete understanding of our underlying operational results, trends and performance. 

The performance of a radio broadcasting company is customarily
measured by the ability of its stations to generate SOI. We define SOI as net broadcast revenue less broadcast operating expenses.
Accordingly, changes in net broadcast revenue and broadcast operating expenses, as explained above, have a direct impact on changes
in SOI. SOI is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. SOI should be viewed as a supplement to and not
a substitute for our results of operations presented on the basis of GAAP. We believe that SOI is a useful non-GAAP financial measure
to investors when considered in conjunction with operating income (the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to SOI),
because it is generally recognized by the radio broadcasting industry as a tool in measuring performance and in applying valuation
methodologies for companies in the media, entertainment and communications industries. SOI is commonly used by investors and analysts
who report on the industry to provide comparisons between broadcasting groups. We use SOI as one of the key measures of operating
efficiency and profitability, including our internal reviews associated with impairment analysis of our indefinite-lived intangible
assets. SOI does not purport to represent cash provided by operating activities. Our statement of cash flows presents our cash
activity in accordance with GAAP and our income statement presents our financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Our definition of SOI is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 

45  

We define Same Station net broadcast revenue as net broadcast
revenue from our radio stations and networks that we own or operate in the same format on the first and last day of each quarter,
as well as the corresponding quarter of the prior year. We define Same Station broadcast operating expenses as broadcast operating
expenses from our radio stations and networks that we own or operate in the same format on the first and last day of each quarter,
as well as the corresponding quarter of the prior year. Same Station operating results include those stations we own or operate
in the same format on the first and last day of each quarter, as well as the corresponding quarter of the prior year. Same Station
operating results for a full calendar year are calculated as the sum of the Same Station-results for each of the four quarters
of that year. We use Same Station operating results, a non-GAAP financial measure, both in presenting our results to stockholders
and the investment community, and in our internal evaluations and management of the business. We believe that Same Station operating
results provide a meaningful comparison of period over period performance of our core broadcast operations as this measure excludes
the impact of new stations, the impact of stations we no longer own or operate, and the impact of stations operating under a new
programming format. Our presentation of Same Station operating results are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute
for the most directly comparable financial measures reported in accordance with GAAP. Our definition of Same Station net broadcast
revenue, Same Station broadcast operating expenses and Same Station operating results are not necessarily comparable to similarly
titled measures reported by other companies. 

We apply a similar methodology to our digital media and publishing
group. Digital Media Operating Income is defined as net digital media revenue less digital media operating expenses. Publishing
Operating Income is defined as net publishing revenue less publishing operating expenses. Digital Media Operating Income and Publishing
Operating Income are not measures of performance in accordance with GAAP. Our presentations of these non-GAAP financial performance
measures are not to be considered a substitute for or superior to our operating results reported in accordance with GAAP. We believe
that Digital Media Operating Income and Publishing Media Operating Income are useful non-GAAP financial measures to investors,
when considered in conjunction with operating income (the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure), because they are comparable
to those used to measure performance of our broadcasting entities. We use this analysis as one of the key measures of operating
efficiency, profitability and in our internal review. This measurement does not purport to represent cash provided by operating
activities. Our statement of cash flows presents our cash activity in accordance with GAAP and our income statement presents our
financial performance in accordance with GAAP. Our definitions of Digital Media Operating Income and Publishing Operating Income
are not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 

We define EBITDA as net income before interest, taxes, depreciation,
and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA before gains or losses on the sale or disposal of assets, before changes
in the estimated fair value of contingent earn-out consideration, before the change in fair value of interest rate swaps, before
the impairment of long-lived assets, before net miscellaneous income and expenses, before loss on early retirement of debt and
before non-cash compensation expense. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are commonly used by the broadcast and media industry as important
measures of performance and are used by investors and analysts who report on the industry to provide meaningful comparisons between
broadcasters. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not measures of liquidity or of performance in accordance with GAAP and should be
viewed as a supplement to and not a substitute for or superior to our results of operations and financial condition presented in
accordance with GAAP. Our definitions of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures
reported by other companies. 

For all non-GAAP financial measures, investors should consider
the limitations associated with these metrics, including the potential lack of comparability of this measure from one company to
another. 

The tables below show the GAAP and non-GAAP performance indicators
that we believe provide useful information to management and investors. We use non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate financial
performance, develop budgets, manage expenditures, and determine employee compensation. Our presentation of this additional information
is not to be considered as a substitute for or superior to the directly comparable measures reported in accordance with GAAP. 

RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES:  

In the tables below, we present a reconciliation of Same Station
net broadcast revenue to net broadcast revenue, the most comparable GAAP measure and Same Station broadcast operating expenses
to broadcast operating expense, the most comparable GAAP measure. We show our calculation of Station Operating Income and Same
Station Operating Income, which is reconciled to net income, the most comparable GAAP in the table following our calculation of
Digital Media Operating Income and Publishing Operating Income (Loss). Our presentation of these non-GAAP performance indicators
are not to be considered a substitute for or superior to the directly comparable measures reported in accordance with GAAP. 

46  

In the table below we present our calculations of Station Operating
Income, Digital Media Operating Income and Publishing Operating Income. Our presentation of these non-GAAP performance indicators
are not to be considered a substitute for or superior to the directly comparable measures reported in accordance with GAAP. 

In the table below, we present a reconciliation of Station Operating
Income, Digital Media Operating Income and Publishing Operating Income (Loss) to operating income and net income, the most comparable
GAAP measures. Our presentation of these non-GAAP performance indicators are not to be considered a substitute for or superior
to the directly comparable measures reported in accordance with GAAP. 

47  

In the table below, we present a reconciliation of Adjusted
EBITDA to EBITDA to Net Income, the most directly comparable GAAP measure. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial
performance measures that are not to be considered a substitute for or superior to the directly comparable measures reported in
accordance with GAAP. 

48  

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES, JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES  

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results
of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP.
The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates
on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or
conditions. 

Significant areas for which management
uses estimates include: 

asset impairments, including goodwill, broadcasting licenses and other indefinite-lived intangible assets;   

probabilities associated with the potential for contingent earn-out consideration;   

fair value measurements;   

contingency reserves;   

allowance for doubtful accounts;   

sales returns and allowances;   

barter transactions;   

inventory reserves;   

reserves for royalty advances;   

fair value of equity awards;   

self-insurance reserves;   

estimated lives for tangible and intangible assets;   

income tax valuation allowances; and   

uncertain tax positions.   

These estimates require the use of judgment as future events
and the effect of these events cannot be predicted with certainty. The estimates will change as new events occur, as more experience
is acquired and as more information is obtained. We evaluate and update our assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis and we
may consult outside experts to assist as considered necessary. 

We believe the following accounting policies and the related
judgments and estimates are critical accounting policies that affect the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements.
An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters
that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes
in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. 

Goodwill, Broadcast Licenses
and Other Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets       

Approximately 70% of our total assets at September 30, 2016
consist of indefinite-lived intangible assets including broadcast licenses, goodwill and mastheads. The value of these indefinite-lived
intangible assets depends significantly upon the operating results of our businesses. We do not amortize goodwill or other indefinite-lived
intangible assets, but rather test for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that
an asset may be impaired. 

We believe that our estimate of the value of our broadcast licenses,
mastheads, and goodwill is a critical accounting estimate as the value is significant in relation to our total assets, and our
estimates incorporate variables and assumptions that are based on past experiences and judgment about future operating performance
of our markets and business segments. If actual future results are less favorable than the assumptions and estimates we used, we
are subject to future impairment charges, the amount of which may be material. The fair value measurements for our indefinite-lived
intangible assets use significant unobservable inputs that reflect our own assumptions about the estimates that market participants
would use in measuring fair value including assumptions about risk. The unobservable inputs are defined in FASB ASC Topic 820,
  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,   as Level 3 inputs discussed in detail in Note 14. 

We perform our annual impairment testing during the fourth quarter
of each year, which coincides with our budget and planning process for the upcoming year. During our annual testing in the fourth
quarter of 2015, we recognized an impairment charge of $0.4 million associated with the value of goodwill in our Singing News Network
(formerly Solid Gospel Network.). The impairment was driven by reductions in the projected net revenues of the Singing News Network
and continual declines in revenues from our print magazines that were not offset with cost reductions from decreases in the number
of publications printed. The growth of digital-only publications, which are often free or significantly less than a print magazine,
has hindered the ability of the publishing industry to recover from the economic recession that began in 2008. We believe that
the impairments are indicative of trends in the industry as a whole and are not unique to our company or operations. 

We believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions
to calculate the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, however, these estimates and assumptions could
be materially different from actual results. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by the industry
or by us, or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible
assets below the amounts reflected on our balance sheet, we may recognize future impairment charges, the amount of which may be
material. 

49  

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

We account for property and equipment in accordance with FASB
ASC Topic 360-10,   Property, Plant and Equipment .  We periodically review our long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. In accordance
with authoritative guidance for impairment of long-lived assets, we must estimate the fair value of assets when events or circumstances
indicate that they may be impaired. The fair value measurements for our long-lived assets use significant observable inputs that
reflect our own assumptions about the estimates that market participants would use in measuring fair value including assumptions
about risk. If actual future results are less favorable than the assumptions and estimates we used, we are subject to future impairment
charges, the amount of which may be material. 

We believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions
to calculate the estimated fair value of our long-lived assets, however, these estimates and assumptions could be materially different
from actual results. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by the industry or by us, or if events
occur or circumstances change that would reduce the estimated fair value of long-lived assets below the amounts reflected on our
balance sheet, we may recognize future impairment charges, the amount of which may be material. 

Accounting for Acquisitions    

We account for business acquisitions in accordance with the
acquisition method of accounting as specified in FASB ASC Topic 805   Business Combinations .  The total acquisition
consideration is allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the date of the
transaction. Estimates of the fair value include discounted estimated cash flows to be generated by the assets and their expected
useful lives based on historical experience, market trends and any synergies believed to be achieved from the acquisition. The
excess of consideration paid over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill and any excess of
fair value of the net assets acquired over the consideration paid is recorded as a gain on bargain purchase. Prior to recording
a gain, the acquiring entity must reassess whether all acquired assets and assumed liabilities have been identified and recognized
and perform re-measurements to verify that the consideration paid, assets acquired, and liabilities assumed have been properly
valued. 

Acquisitions may include contingent earn-out consideration,
the fair value of which is estimated as of the acquisition date as the present value of the expected contingent payments as determined
using weighted probabilities of the payment amounts. 

A majority of our radio station acquisitions have consisted
primarily of the FCC licenses to broadcast in a particular market. We often do not acquire the existing format, or we change the
format upon acquisition when we find it beneficial. As a result, a substantial portion of the purchase price for the assets of
a radio station is allocated to the broadcast license. 

We may retain a third-party appraiser to estimate the fair value
of the acquired net assets as of the acquisition date. As part of the valuation and appraisal process, the third-party appraiser
prepares a report assigning estimated fair values to the various asset categories in our financial statements. These fair value
estimates are subjective in nature and require careful consideration and judgment. Management reviews the third party reports for
reasonableness of the assigned values. We believe that the purchase price allocations represent the appropriate estimated fair
value of the assets acquired and we have not had to modify our purchase price allocations. 

We estimate the economic life of each tangible and intangible
asset acquired to determine the period of time in which the asset should be depreciated or amortized. A considerable amount of
judgment is required in assessing the economic life of each asset. We consider our own experience with similar assets, industry
trends, market conditions and the age of the property at the time of our acquisition to estimate the economic life of each asset.
If the financial condition of the assets were to deteriorate, the resulting change in life or impairment of the asset could cause
a material impact and volatility in our operating results. We have not experienced changes in the economic life established for
each major category of our assets. 

Accounting for Contingent
Earn-Out Consideration    

Our acquisitions often include contingent earn-out consideration
as part of the purchase price. The fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration is estimated as of the acquisition date
based on the present value of the contingent payments expected to be made using a weighted probability of possible payments. The
unobservable inputs used in the determination of the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration include our own assumptions
about the likelihood of payment based on the established benchmarks and discount rates based on our internal rate of return analysis.
The fair value measurement includes inputs that are Level 3 measurement as discussed in Note 14. 

We review the probabilities of possible future payments to the
estimated fair value of any contingent earn-out consideration on a quarterly basis over the earn-out period. Actual results are
compared to the estimates and probabilities of achievement used in our forecasts. Should actual results increase or decrease as
compared to the assumption used in our analysis, the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration obligations will increase
or decrease, up to the contracted limit, as applicable. Changes in the fair value of the contingent earn-out consideration could
cause a material impact and volatility in our operating results. We recorded a net decrease to our estimated contingent earn-out
liabilities of $0.5 million and $0.8 million during the nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The changes
in our estimates reflect volatility from variables, such as revenue growth, page views and session time as discussed in Note 5
  Contingent Earn-Out Consideration. 

50  

We believe that we have used reasonable estimates and assumptions
to calculate the estimated fair value of all remaining contingent earn-out consideration. 

Fair Value Measurements    

FASB ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  
established a single definition of fair value in generally accepted accounting principles and requires expanded disclosure requirements
about fair value measurements. The provision applies to other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements.
This includes applying the fair value concept to (i) nonfinancial assets and liabilities initially measured at fair value
in business combinations; (ii) reporting units or nonfinancial assets and liabilities measured at fair value in conjunction
with goodwill impairment testing; (iii) other nonfinancial assets measured at fair value in conjunction with impairment assessments;
and (iv) asset retirement obligations initially measured at fair value. 

The fair value provisions include guidance on how to estimate
the fair value of assets and liabilities in the current economic environment and reemphasizes that the objective of a fair value
measurement remains an exit price. If we were to conclude that there has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of
activity of the asset or liability in relation to normal market activities, quoted market values may not be representative of fair
value and we may conclude that a change in valuation technique or the use of multiple valuation techniques may be appropriate. 

The degree of judgment utilized in measuring the fair value
of financial instruments generally correlates to the level of pricing observability. Pricing observability is affected by a number
of factors, including the type of financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new to the market, and the characteristics
specific to the transaction. Financial instruments with readily available active quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured
from actively quoted prices generally will have a higher degree of pricing observability and a lesser degree of judgment utilized
in measuring fair value. Conversely, financial instruments rarely traded or not quoted will generally have less (or no) pricing
observability and a higher degree of judgment utilized in measuring fair value. 

FASB ASC Topic 820 established a hierarchal disclosure framework
associated with the level of pricing observability utilized in measuring fair value. This framework defined three levels of inputs
to the fair value measurement process and requires that each fair value measurement be assigned to a level corresponding to the
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The three broad levels of inputs defined
by the FASB ASC Topic 820 hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1 Inputs quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity
has the ability to access at the measurement date;   

Level 2 Inputs inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, a Level 2 input must be observable
for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and   

Level 3 Inputs unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. These unobservable inputs reflect the entity s own
assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, and are developed based
on the best information available in the circumstances (which might include the reporting entity s own data).   

We believe that we have used reasonable estimates and assumptions
to calculate the estimated fair value of our financial assets as discussed in Note 14. 

51  

Contingency Reserves   

In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various
legal proceedings, lawsuits, arbitration and other claims that are complex in nature and have outcomes that are difficult to predict.
Consequently, we are unable to ascertain the ultimate aggregate amount of monetary liability or the financial impact with respect
to these matters.  Certain of these proceedings are discussed in Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies. 

We record contingency reserves to the extent we conclude that
it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the related loss can be reasonably estimated. The establishment
of the reserve is based on a review of all relevant factors, the advice of legal counsel, and the subjective judgment of management.
The reserves we have recorded to date, including $0.5 million as of the period ending September 30, 2016, have not been material
to our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  We
believe that  our estimates and assumptions are reasonable and that our reserves are accurately reflected. 

While we believe that the final resolution of any known maters,
individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect upon our condensed consolidated financial position,
results of operations or cash flows, it is p ossible that we could incur
additional losses.  We maintain insurance that may provide coverage for such matters. Future claims against us, whether meritorious
or not, could have a material adverse effect upon our condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash
flows, including losses due to costly litigation and losses due to matters that require significant amounts of management time
that can result in the diversion of significant operational resources. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts    

We evaluate the balance reserved in our allowance for doubtful
accounts on a quarterly basis based on our historical collection experience, the age of the receivables, specific customer information
and current economic conditions. Past due balances are generally not written-off until all of our collection efforts have been
unsuccessful, including use of a collections agency. A considerable amount of judgment is required in assessing the likelihood
of ultimate realization of these receivables, including the current creditworthiness of each customer. If the financial condition
of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be
required. We have not modified our estimate methodology and we have not historically recognized significant losses from changes
in our estimates. We believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable and that our reserves are accurately reflected. 

Sales Returns and Allowances   

We provide for estimated returns for products sold with the
right of return, primarily book sales associated with Regnery Publishing and nutritional products sold through Eagle Wellness and
Gene Smart. We record an estimate of these product returns as a reduction of revenue in the period of the sale. Our estimates are
based upon historical sales returns, the amount of current period sales, economic trends and any changes in customer demand and
acceptance of our products. We regularly monitor actual performance to estimated return rates and make adjustments as necessary.
Estimated return rates utilized for establishing estimated returns reserves have approximated actual returns experience. However,
actual returns may differ significantly, either favorably or unfavorably, from these estimates if factors such as the historical
data we used to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns or as a result of changes in economic conditions
of the customer and/or the market. We have not modified our estimate methodology and we have not historically recognized significant
losses from changes in our estimates. We believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable and that our reserves are accurately
reflected. 

Barter Transactions    

We may provide broadcast time or digital advertising placement
to customers in exchange for certain products, supplies or services. The terms of these exchanges generally permit for the preemption
of such broadcast time or digital placements in favor of customers who purchase these items for cash. We include the value of
such exchanges in net revenues and operating expenses. The value recorded for barter revenue and barter expense is based upon
management s estimate of the fair value of the products, supplies or services received. We believe that our estimates and
assumptions are reasonable and that our barter revenue and barter expense are accurately reflected. 

We record barter revenue as it is earned, typically
when the broadcast time is used or the digital advertisement is delivered. We record barter expense equal to the estimated
fair value of the goods or services received upon receipt or usage of the items as applicable. Barter advertising revenue
included in broadcast revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $1.4 million and $3.8
million, respectively, and $1.5 million and $4.6 million, respectively, for the same period of the prior year.
Barter expenses included in broadcast operating expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
approximately $1.3 million and $3.7 million, respectively, and $1.4 million and $4.3 million, respectively, for the same
period of the prior year. Barter advertising revenue included in digital media revenue for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $0.1 million. Barter
expenses included in digital media operating expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was approximately $0.1
million. Barter revenue and barter expense included in digital media was insignificant for all other periods. 

Inventory Reserves    

Inventories consist of finished goods, including published books
and wellness products. Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or market as determined on a First-In First-Out ( FIFO )
cost method. We reviewed historical data associated with book and wellness product inventories held by Regnery Publishing and our
e-commerce wellness entities, as well as our own experiences to estimate the fair value of inventory on hand. Our analysis includes
a review of actual sales returns, our allowances, royalty reserves, overall economic conditions and product demand. We record a
provision to expense the balance of unsold inventory that we believe to be unrecoverable. We regularly monitor actual performance
to our estimates and make adjustments as necessary. Estimated inventory reserves may be adjusted, either favorably or unfavorably,
if factors such as the historical data we used to calculate these estimates do not properly reflect future returns or as a result
of changes in economic conditions of the customer and/or the market. We have not modified our estimate methodology and we have
not historically recognized significant losses from changes in our estimates. We believe that our estimates and assumptions are
reasonable and that our reserves are accurately reflected. 

52  

Reserves for Royalty Advances   

Royalties due to book authors are paid in advance and capitalized.
Royalties are expensed as the related book revenues are earned or when we determine that future recovery of the royalty is not
likely. We reviewed historical data associated with royalty advances, earnings and recoverability based on actual results of Regnery
Publishing. Historically, the longer the unearned portion of an advance remains outstanding, the less likely it is that we will
recover the advance through the sale of the book. We apply this historical experience to outstanding royalty advances to estimate
the likelihood of recovery. A provision was established to expense the balance of any unearned advance which we believe is not
recoverable. Our analysis also considers other discrete factors, such as death of an author, any decision to not pursue publication
of a title, poor market demand or other relevant factors. We have not modified our estimate methodology and we have not historically
recognized significant losses from changes in our estimates. We believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable and that
our reserves are accurately reflected. 

Fair Value of Equity Awards   

We account for stock-based compensation under the provisions
of FASB ASC Topic 718,   Compensation Stock Compensation .  We record equity awards with stock-based compensation
measured at the fair value of the award as of the grant date. We determine the fair value of our options using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model that requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility and
expected term of the options granted. The exercise price for options is equal to the closing market price of Salem Media Group
Inc. common stock as of the date of grant. We use the straight-line attribution method to recognize share-based compensation costs
over the expected service period of the award. Upon exercise, cancellation, forfeiture, or expiration of stock options, or upon
vesting or forfeiture of restricted stock awards, deferred tax assets for options and restricted stock awards with multiple vesting
dates are eliminated for each vesting period on a first-in, first-out basis as if each vesting period was a separate award. We
have not modified our estimates or assumptions. We believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable and that our stock-based
compensation is accurately reflected in our results of operations. 

Partial Self-Insurance on Employee Health Plan    

We provide health insurance benefits to eligible employees under
a self-insured plan whereby the company pays actual medical claims subject to certain stop loss limits. We record self-insurance
liabilities based on actual claims filed and estimates of claims incurred but not reported. Our estimates are based on historical
data and probabilities that are subject to a high degree of variability due to unpredictable external factors such as future inflation
rates, changes in severity, benefit level changes, medical costs and claim settlement patterns. Should the actual amount of claims
increase or decrease beyond what was anticipated, we may adjust our future reserves. Our self-insurance liability was $0.7 million
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Changes in the number and/or the amount of claims could cause a material impact
and volatility in our operating results. We have not modified our estimate methodology and we have not historically recognized
significant losses from changes in our estimates. While we had an unusually high level of claims in the third quarter of 2016 due
to a larger than normal number of expensive claims, we believe that our estimates and assumptions are reasonable and that our reserves
are accurately reflected. 

Income Tax Valuation Allowances
(Deferred Taxes)       

For financial reporting purposes, we recorded a valuation allowance
of $4.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and $2.8 million as of December 31, 2015 to offset a portion of the deferred tax assets
related to the state net operating loss carryforwards.  We regularly review our financial forecasts in an effort to determine
our ability to utilize the net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes.  Accordingly, the valuation allowance is adjusted
periodically based on our estimate of the benefit the company will receive from such carryforwards. During the third quarter of
2016, we identified an error in our estimated valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets. We recorded an out-of-period
adjustment to increase our valuation allowance by $1.6 million for a portion of the deferred tax assets related to state net operating
loss carryforwards that we determined were not more likely than not to be realized. 

Income Taxes and Uncertain Tax Positions   

We account for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
740,   Income Taxes .   We did not record adjustments to the balance of our unrecognized tax benefits as
of September 30, 2016 and 2015.  At December 31, 2015, we had $0.1 million in liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. 
Included in this liability amount is approximately $20,000 of accrued interest, net of federal income tax benefits, and $6,000
for the related penalties recorded in income tax expense on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.  We expect
to reduce the reserve balance to zero over the next twelve months due to statute expirations.   

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

We have historically funded, and will continue to fund, expenditures
for operations, administrative expenses, and capital expenditures from operating cash flow, borrowings under credit facilities
and, if necessary, proceeds from the sale of selected assets or businesses. We have historically financed acquisitions through
borrowings, including borrowings under credit facilities and, to a lesser extent, from operating cash flow and from proceeds on
selected asset dispositions. We expect to fund future acquisitions from cash on hand, borrowings under our credit facilities, operating
cash flow and possibly through the sale of income-producing assets or proceeds from debt and equity offerings. We believe that
the borrowing capacity under our current credit facilities allows us to meet our ongoing operating requirements, fund capital expenditures
and satisfy our debt service requirements for at least the next twelve months. 

53  

The balance of our cash and cash equivalents was unchanged at
$0.1 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Working capital increased $1.5 million to $14.6 million as of September
30, 2016 compared to $13.1 million as of December 31, 2015. 

Operating Cash Flows  

Our largest source of operating cash inflows
are receipts from customers in exchange for advertising and programming. Other sources of operating cash inflows include cash receipts
from customers for digital downloads and streaming, book sales, subscriptions, ticket sales, sponsorships, and vendor promotions.
A majority of our operating cash outflows consist of payments to employees, such as salaries and benefits, and vendor payments
under facility and tower leases, talent agreements, inventory purchases and recurring services such as utilities and music license
fees. 

Net cash provided by operating activities during the nine month
period ending September 30, 2016 increased by $1.1 million to $26.5 million compared to $25.4 million during the same period of
the prior year. The increase in cash provided by operating activities includes the impact of the following items: 

Net income was unchanged at $5.9 million;   

Net accounts receivable increased $0.4 million;   

Our Day s Sales Outstanding, or the average number of days to collect cash from the date of sale, decreased to 65 days
at September 30, 2016 compared to 67 days for the same period of the prior year;   

Net accounts payable and accrued expenses increased $1.0 million to $17.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to an increase of $2.5 million to $18.2 million for the same period of the prior year; and   

Investing Cash Flows  

Our primary source of investing cash inflows
includes proceeds from the sale or disposal of assets or businesses. Our investing cash outflows include cash payments made to
acquire businesses, to acquire property and equipment and to acquire intangible assets such as domain names. While our focus continues
to be on deleveraging the company, we remain committed to explore and pursue strategic acquisitions. 

In recent years, our acquisition agreements
have contained contingent earn-out arrangements that are payable in the future based on the achievement of predefined operating
results. We believe that these contingent earn-out arrangements provide some degree of protection with regard to our cash outflows
should these acquisitions not meet our operational expectations. 

The following transactions have closed as of the date of this
filing: 

On November 7, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM translator in Sebring, Florida for $0.1 million. The FM translator
will be used by our WKAT-AM radio station in Miami, Florida.   

On October 20, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of radio station KXFN-AM in St. Louis, Missouri for $0.2 million of cash.
The station is currently dark and will be relaunched and operated within our existing St. Louis market cluster.   

On October 20, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of three FM translator construction permits for $0.1 million of cash. The
FM translator construction permits were based in Angola, Indiana, Cofax, Indiana and Battle Creek, Michigan and will be used by
WKH-AM and WHKW-AM, our radio stations in Cleveland, Ohio and WSDZ-AM our radio station in St. Louis, Missouri.   

On October 19, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM translator construction permit in Palm Coast, Florida for
                                                                                                              $65,000 in cash from Delmarva Educational Association Corporation, a related party entity which Nancy A. Epperson the wife
                                                                                                              of                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                              Chairman                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                              the                                                                                                               Board, and
                                                                                                              Stuart W. Eppersonm, Jr., the son of the Chairman of the Board, serve as directors. This translator will be used by
                                                                                                              our WTWD-AM radio station in Tampa, Florida.   

On October 17, 2016 we purchased two websites,  www.historyonthenet.com 
and  www.authentichistory.com  for $0.1 million.    

On October 12, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator in Lake City, Florida for $65,000 in cash from Delmarva
Educational Association Corporation, a related party entity which Nancy A. Epperson the wife of the Chairman of the Board, and
Stuart W. Epperson, Jr., the son of the Chairman of the Board, serve as directors. This translator will be used by our WBZW-AM radio station in Orlando,
Florida.   

On September 13, 2016, we acquired Mike Turner s line of investment products, including TurnerTrends.com and other domain
names and related assets for $0.4 million in cash and the assumption of $0.1 million in deferred subscription liabilities.   

On August 1, 2016, we acquired the assets of Hillcrest Media Group, Inc. ( Hillcrest ), for $3.5 million, of which
$3.3 million was paid in cash upon close and $0.2 million is due 90 days from the closing date upon finalization of deferred revenue
obligations.   

54  

On June 20, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator used in our Columbus, Ohio market for $0.3 million in cash.   

On June 10, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator in Amherst, New York for $60,000 in cash. The translator
is used in our Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania market.   

On June 8, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator construction permit in Charlotte, Michigan for $50,000 in
cash. The translator will be used in our Detroit, Michigan market.   

On June 3, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator construction permit in Atwood, Kentucky for $88,000 in cash.
The translator will be used in our Columbus, Ohio market.   

On May 13, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator construction permit in Kerrville, Texas for $50,000 in cash.
The translator will be used in our Houston, Texas market.   

On May 2, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of an FM Translator in Lincoln, Maine for $100,000 in cash. The translator is
used in our Boston, Massachusetts market.   

On April 29, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of a construction permit for an FM Translator in Emporia, Kansas for $25,000
in cash. The translator will be relocated to Omaha, Nebraska, for use by our KCRO-AM radio station,   

On April 1, 2016, we acquired the Retirement Watch newsletter and websites for $0.1 million in cash and the assumption of $0.6
million in deferred subscription liabilities. Retirement Watch offers research and non-individualized strategies associated with
retirement planning. We recorded goodwill of approximately $8,600 associated with the expected synergies to be realized upon combining
the operations of Retirement Watch into our digital media platform and brand loyalty from its existing subscriber base that is
not a separately identifiable intangible asset.   

On March 8, 2016, we acquired King James Bible mobile applications for $4.0 million of which $2.7 million was paid in cash
upon close and $1.3 million is due in deferred installments within one year from the closing date. The due dates for the deferred
installments were amended on May 17, 2016 to include the $0.2 million installment that was due upon finalization of banking arrangements
for revenue receipts. The amended deferred installment payments include $0.6 million due within 90 days, $0.4 million due within
180 days and two deferred payments of $0.2 million each due 270 and 360 days from the closing date, respectively. We recorded goodwill
of $0.2 million associated with the expected synergies to be realized from combining the operations of these applications into
our existing digital platform. The accompanying consolidated statement of operations reflects the operating results of King James
Bible mobile applications as of the closing date within our digital media operating segment.   

We have entered the following agreements that are expected to
close during 2016: 

We have the option to acquire radio station KHTE-FM, Little Rock, Arkansas, for $1.2 million in cash during our 36-month TBA
that is extendable to 48 months. The TBA began on April 1, 2015, at which time we began programming the station. The accompanying
condensed consolidated statements of operations included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q reflect the operating results of
this entity as of the TBA date.   

We entered into several agreements to acquire FM Translators
or FM Translator construction permits during the applicable windows of the FCC AM Revitalization program, or  AMR. 
that included several initiatives intended to benefit AM broadcasters. We believe that securing these FM Translators allows us
to increase our listening audience by providing enhanced coverage and reach of our existing AM broadcasts. FM Translators or FM
Translator Construction permits purchase agreements pending as of the period end September 30, 2016 include the following: 

* Indicates that the purchase is for a FM Translator Construction Permit.   

55  

As of September 30, 2016, we deposited $0.2 million of cash
into escrow accounts associated with APA s for these FM Translator and FM Translator construction permits. We plan to fund
the remaining balances due for these acquisitions from cash on hand, borrowings under our credit facilities, and operating cash
flow. 

We undertake projects from time to time to upgrade our radio
station technical facilities and/or FCC broadcast licenses, expand our digital and web-based offerings, improve our facilities
and upgrade our computer infrastructures. The nature and timing of these upgrades and expenditures can be delayed or scaled back
at the discretion of management. Based on our current plans, we expect to incur capital expenditures of approximately $10.4 million
during 2016. 

Net cash used in investing activities during the nine month
period ending September 30, 2016 decreased $10.2 million to $12.4 million compared to $22.6 million during the same period of the
prior year. The decrease in cash used for investing activities includes: 

Cash paid for acquisitions decreased $5.8 million to $7.2 million compared to $13.0 million during the same period of the prior
year;   

Cash paid for capital expenditures increased $0.9 million to $7.2 million compared to $6.3 million during the same period of
the prior year;   

Cash received for the sale of broadcast assets increased to $3.1 million over the same period of the prior year; and   

Capital expenditures for leasehold improvements that are reimbursable as tenant improvement allowances decreased $2.2 million
to $0.5 million compared to $2.7 million during the same period of the prior year.   

Financing Cash Flows   

Financing cash inflows include borrowings under our credit facilities
and any proceeds from the exercise of stock options issued under our stock incentive plan. Financing cash outflows include repayments
of our credit facilities, the payment of equity distributions and payments of amounts due under deferred installments and contingency
earn-out consideration associated with acquisition activity. 

We believe that cash payments for deferred installments and
contingent earn-out consideration that were entered contemporaneously with an acquisition are appropriately recorded as financing
activities. These payments are similar to seller financing arrangements in that cash payments are typically due one to three years
after the acquisition date. We referred to guidance in FASB ASC Topic 230-10-45-13 (c) which states that only advance payments,
down payments, or other amounts paid at the time of purchase or soon before or after a purchase of property, plant and equipment
and other productive assets are investing cash outflows. The guidance clarifies that incurring directly related debt to the seller
is a financing transaction and that subsequent payments of that debt are financing cash outflows. This is consistent with the guidance
in FASB ASU 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, 
 which clarifies how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows issued
in August 2016. During the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, we paid $0.1 million of cash for contingent earn-out consideration
due under acquisition agreements and $3.4 million of cash for deferred installments. 

During the nine month period ending September 30, 2016, the
principal balances outstanding under our credit facilities ranged from $270.1 million to $278.1 million. These outstanding balances
were ordinary and customary based on our operating and investing cash needs during this time. 

Based on the number of shares of Class A and Class B common
stock currently outstanding we expect to pay total annual equity distributions of approximately $6.7 million in 2016. The actual
declaration of dividends and equity distributions, as well as the establishment of per share amounts, dates of record, and payment
dates are subject to final determination by our Board of Directors and dependent upon future earnings, cash flows, financial requirements,
and other factors. The current policy of the Board of Directors is to review each of these factors on a quarterly basis to determine
the appropriate amount, if any, to allocate toward a cash distribution with the general principle of using approximately 20% of
Adjusted EBITDA less cash paid for capital expenditures, less cash paid for income taxes, and less cash paid for interest. Adjusted
EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure defined in Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

56  

Our sole source of cash available for making any future equity
distributions is our operating cash flow, subject to our credit facilities, which contain covenants that restrict the payment of
dividends and equity distributions unless certain specified conditions are satisfied. 

Net cash used in financing activities during the nine month
period ending September 30, 2016 increased by $11.4 million to $14.1 million from $2.7 million during the same period of the prior
year. The increase in cash used for financing activities includes: 

We paid $3.4 million of cash due under purchase agreements with deferred installments during the nine month period ending September
30, 2016 compared to $0.9 million for the same period of the prior year;   

The book overdraft decreased $1.2 million to $0.7 million as of the period ending September 30, 2016 compared to $1.9 million
use for the same period of the prior year;   

We paid $0.1 million of cash due for amounts earned under the contingent earn-out provision of our purchase agreements during
the nine month period ending September 30, 2016 compared to $1.2 million during the same period of the prior year,   

We repaid $5.0 million of principal outstanding on the Term Loan B compared to $2.0 million of principal during the same period
of the prior year; and   

We paid cash equity distributions of $5.0 million on our Class A and Class B common stock during the nine month period ending
September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

Credit Facilities   

Salem Media Group, Inc. has no independent assets or operations,
the subsidiary guarantees are full and unconditional and joint and several, and any subsidiaries of Salem Media Group, Inc. other
than the subsidiary guarantors are minor. 

Term Loan B and Revolving Credit Facility  

On March 14, 2013, we entered into a senior secured credit facility,
consisting of the Term Loan B of $300.0 million and $25.0 million Revolver. The Term Loan B was issued at a discount for total
net proceeds of $298.5 million. The discount is being amortized to non-cash interest expense over the life of the loan using the
effective interest method. For each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, approximately $47,000 and $140,000,
respectively, and $51,000 and $155,000, respectively, of the discount has been recognized as interest expense. 

The Term Loan B has a term of seven years, maturing in March
2020. During this term, the principal amount may be increased by up to an additional $60.0 million, subject to the terms and conditions
of the credit agreement. We are required to make principal payments of $750,000 per quarter as of September 30, 2013. Prepayments
may be made against the outstanding balance of our Term Loan B with each prepayment applied ratably to each of the next four principal
installments due within 12 months of the prepayment date in the direct order of maturity and thereafter to the remaining principal
balance in reverse order of maturity. 

We made the following payments or prepayments of our Term Loan
B during the year ended December 31, 2015 and nine month period ending September 30, 2016, including interest through the payment
date as follows: 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Simplifying
the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,   that requires the cost of issuing debt to be recorded as a reduction of the
debt proceeds or a reduction of the debt liability, similar to the presentation of debt discounts. Prior to this ASU, debt issue
costs were recorded as deferred costs, or long-term intangible assets. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,   Presentation
and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements - Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant
to Staff Announcement at June 18, 2015 EITF Meeting   that amended ASU 2015-03 to reflect the SEC staff s position
that it would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements as an
asset and subsequently amortizing deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless
of whether there are outstanding borrowings under that line-of-credit arrangement. 

We adopted ASU 2015-03, as amended by ASU 2015-15, as of the
effective date, or fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2015. We chose to continue presentation of debt issue costs associated
with our Revolver as an asset in accordance with ASU 2015-15. We have retrospectively accounted for the implementation of ASU 2015-03
and ASU 2015-15 as a change in accounting principle. We have reclassified debt issue costs reported on our December 31, 2015 consolidated
balance sheet as follows: 

57  

Debt issue costs are being amortized to non-cash interest expense
over the life of the Term Loan B using the effective interest method. For each of the three months ended September 30, 2015 and
2016, approximately $139,000 and $140,000, respectively, of the debt issue costs associated with the Term Loan B were recognized
as interest expense. For each of the nine months ended September 30, 2015 and 2016, approximately $418,000 and $423,000, respectively,
of the debt issue costs associated with the Term Loan B were recognized as interest expense. 

We chose to continue the presentation of debt issue costs associated
with our Revolver as an asset in accordance with ASU 2015-15. These costs are being amortized to non-cash interest expense over
the five year life of the Revolver using the effective interest method based on an imputed interest rate of 4.58%. During each
of the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2015 and 2016, we recorded amortization of deferred financing costs of
approximately $17,000 each and $52,000 each. 

The Revolver has a term of five years, maturing in March 2018.
We report outstanding balances on our Revolver as short-term based on use of the Revolver to fund ordinary and customary operating
cash needs with repayments made frequently. We believe that the borrowing capacity under our Term Loan B and Revolver allows us
to meet our ongoing operating requirements, fund capital expenditures and satisfy our debt service requirements for at least the
next twelve months. 

Borrowings under the Term Loan B may be made at LIBOR (subject
to a floor of 1.00%) plus a spread of 3.50% or Wells Fargo Bank, National Association s ( Wells Fargo ) base
rate plus a spread of 2.50%. Borrowings under the Revolver may be made at LIBOR or Wells Fargo s base rate plus a spread
determined by reference to our leverage ratio, as set forth in the pricing grid below.  If an event of default occurs under
the credit agreement, the applicable interest rate may increase by 2.00% per annum. At September 30, 2016, the blended interest
rate on amounts outstanding under the Term Loan B and Revolver including the impact of the interest rate swap agreement was 5.07%.
See Note 13- Derivative Instruments for a discussion of the interest rate swap agreement. 

The obligations under the credit agreement and the related loan
documents are secured by liens on substantially all of the assets of Salem and its subsidiaries, other than certain exceptions
set forth in the Security Agreement, dated as of March 14, 2013, among Salem, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and Wells
Fargo, as Administrative Agent (the  Security Agreement ) and such other related loan documents. 

With respect to financial covenants, the credit agreement includes
a minimum interest coverage ratio, which started at 1.50 to 1.0 and stepped up to 2.50 to 1.0 and a maximum leverage ratio, which
started at 6.75 to 1.0 and steps down to 5.75 to 1.0 by 2017.  The credit agreement also includes other negative covenants
that are customary for credit facilities of this type, including covenants that, subject to exceptions described in the credit
agreement, restrict the ability of Salem and its subsidiary guarantors: (i) to incur additional indebtedness; (ii) to
make investments; (iii) to make distributions, loans or transfers of assets; (iv) to enter into, create, incur, assume
or suffer to exist any liens; (v) to sell assets; (vi) to enter into transactions with affiliates; or (vii) to merge
or consolidate with, or dispose of all or substantially all assets to, a third party.  As of September 30, 2016, our leverage
ratio was 5.29 to 1 compared to our compliance covenant of 6.00 and our interest coverage ratio was 3.40 compared to our compliance
ratio of 2.50. We were in compliance with our debt covenants under the credit facility at September 30, 2016. 

Other Debt   

We have several capital leases related to office equipment.
The obligation recorded at December 31, 2015 and September 30, 2016 represents the present value of future commitments under the
capital lease agreements. 

58  

Summary of long-term debt obligations   

Long-term debt consisted of the following: 

In addition to the outstanding amounts listed above, we also
have interest payments related to our long-term debt as follows as of September 30, 2016: 

Outstanding borrowings of $1.1 million under the Revolver, with interest payments due at LIBOR plus 3.00% or at prime rate
plus 2.00%.   

Commitment fees of 0.50% on any unused portion of the revolver.   

Quarterly interest payments on $150.0 million notional amount interest rate swap agreement with Wells Fargo based on a LIBOR
floor of 0.625% and a fixed rate of 1.645%.   

Maturities of Long-Term Debt  
  and Capital Lease Obligations   

Principal repayment requirements under all long-term debt agreements
and capital lease obligations outstanding at September 30, 2016 for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows: 

Impairment Losses on Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible
Assets    

Under FASB ASC Topic 350   Intangibles Goodwill
and Other ,  indefinite-lived intangibles, including broadcast licenses, goodwill and mastheads are not amortized but
instead are tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that there may be an
impairment. Impairment is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset over its fair value.
Intangible assets that have finite useful lives continue to be amortized over their useful lives and are measured for impairment
if events or circumstances indicate that they may be impaired. Impairment losses are recorded as operating expenses. We have incurred
significant impairment losses in prior years with regard to our indefinite-lived intangible assets. 

We perform our annual impairment testing during the fourth quarter
of each year, which coincides with our budget and planning process for the upcoming year. During our annual testing in the fourth
quarter of 2015, we recognized an impairment charge of $0.4 million associated with the value of goodwill associated with the Singing
News Network (formerly Solid Gospel Network.) The impairments were driven by reductions in the projected net revenues of the Singing
News Network and of continual declines in revenues from our print magazines that were not offset with cost reductions from the
decrease in the number of publications printed. The growth of digital-only publications, which are often free or significantly
less than a print magazine, has hindered the ability of the publishing industry to recover from the economic recession that began
in 2008. We believe that the impairments are indicative of trends in the industry as a whole and are not unique to our company
or operations. 

We believe that our estimate of the value of our broadcast licenses,
mastheads, and goodwill is a critical accounting estimate as the value is significant in relation to our total assets, and our
estimates incorporate variables and assumptions that are based on past experiences and judgment about future operating performance
of our markets and business segments. If actual future results are less favorable than the assumptions and estimates we used, we
are subject to future impairment charges, the amount of which may be material. The fair value measurements for our indefinite-lived
intangible assets use significant unobservable inputs that reflect our own assumptions about the estimates that market participants
would use in measuring fair value including assumptions about risk. The unobservable inputs are defined in FASB ASC Topic 820,
  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,   as Level 3 inputs discussed in detail in Note 14. 

The valuation of intangible assets is subjective and based on
estimates rather than precise calculations. The fair value measurements of our indefinite-lived intangible assets use significant
unobservable inputs that reflect our own assumptions about the estimates that market participants would use in measuring fair value
including assumptions about risk. If actual future results are less favorable than the assumptions and estimates we used, we are
subject to future impairment charges, the amount of which may be material. Given the current economic environment and uncertainties
that can negatively impact our business, there can be no assurance that our estimates and assumptions made for the purpose of our
indefinite-lived intangible fair value estimates will prove to be accurate. 

59  

While the impairment charges we have recognized are non-cash
in nature and do not violate the covenants on our Revolver and Term Loan B, the potential for future impairment charges can be
viewed as a negative factor with regard to forecasted future performance and cash flows. We believe that we have adequately considered
the potential for an economic downturn in our valuation models and do not believe that the non-cash impairments in and of themselves
are a liquidity risk. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS  

At September 30, 2016, Salem did not have any relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose
entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually
narrow or limited purposes. As such, Salem is not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could
arise if Salem had engaged in such relationships. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
MARKET RISK. 

DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS  

We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. We actively
monitor these fluctuations and use derivative instruments from time to time to manage the related risk. In accordance with our
risk management strategy, we use derivative instruments only for the purpose of managing risk associated with an asset, liability,
committed transaction, or probable forecasted transaction that is identified by management. Our use of derivative instruments may
result in short-term gains or losses that may increase the volatility of our earnings. 

Under FASB ASC Topic 815   Derivatives and Hedging,  
the effective portion of the gain or loss on a derivative instrument designated and qualifying as a cash flow hedging instrument
shall be reported as a component of other comprehensive income (outside earnings) and reclassified into earnings in the same period
or periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. The remaining gain or loss on the derivative instrument,
if any, shall be recognized currently in earnings. 

On March 27, 2013, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement
with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association that began on March 28, 2014 with a notional principal amount of $150.0 million. The
agreement was entered to offset risks associated with the variable interest rate on our Term Loan B. Payments on the swap are due
on a quarterly basis with a LIBOR floor of 0.625%. The swap expires on March 28, 2019 at a fixed rate of 1.645%. The interest rate
swap agreement was not designated as a cash flow hedge, and as a result, all changes in the fair value are recognized in the current
period statement of operations rather than through other comprehensive income. We recorded a long-term liability of $2.1 million
as of September 30, 2016, representing the fair value of the interest rate swap agreement. The swap was valued based on observable
inputs for similar assets and liabilities and other observable inputs for interest rates and yield curves, which are classified
within Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy described below and in Note 14. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  Our
management, including our principal executive and financial officers, have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our  disclosure controls and procedures,  as such term is defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in such reports is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive and financial officers concluded, as a result
of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting discussed below, that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of September 30, 2016. However, we believe that the financial statements included in this report present
fairly, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

In November 2016, management concluded that a control deficiency
with respect to the precision of the review of the calculation of our valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets constituted
a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. 

Management is in the process of reviewing and, as
necessary, revising its policies and procedures with respect to controls over the review and verification of the accuracy of
the calculation of the valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets to ensure that all reasonable steps will be taken
to correct this material weakness. As part of this process, management plans to enhance the precision of the existing
controls. The deficiency will not be considered remediated until internal controls are operational for a period of time and
tested, and management concludes that the controls are operating effectively. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.  Except
for the material weakness described above, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

60  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We and our subsidiaries, incident to our business activities,
are parties to a number of legal proceedings, lawsuits, arbitration and other claims. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties
and outcomes that are not predictable with assurance. We maintain insurance that may provide coverage for such matters. Consequently,
we are unable to ascertain the ultimate aggregate amount of monetary liability or the financial impact with respect to these matters.
We believe, at this time, that the final resolution of these matters, individually and in the aggregate, will not have a material
adverse effect upon our annual consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In April 2016, pursuant to a counterclaim to a collection suit
initiated by Salem, an award was issued against Salem for breach of contract and attorney fees. While we have filed an appeal against
the award as well as a malpractice lawsuit against the lawyer that represented Salem in the suit, we recorded a legal reserve of
$0.5 million as of March 31, 2016. This reserve represents the total possible loss contingency without third-party recoveries from
our appeal, malpractice lawsuit or insurance claims. There have been no changes in our estimates as of the date of this filing. 

61  

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

We have included in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Annual Report ), a description of certain risks and uncertainties
that could affect our business, future performance or financial condition (the  Risk Factors ). The Risk Factors are
hereby incorporated in Part II, Item 1A of this Form 10-Q. Investors should consider the Risk Factors prior to making an investment
decision with respect to our stock. There are no material changes from the Risk Factors disclosed in the 2015 Annual Report. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE
OF PROCEEDS. 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULT UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 

See  Exhibit Index  below. 

62  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, Salem Media Group, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SALEM MEDIA GROUP, INC.  

November 9, 2016  

By: /s/ EDWARD G. ATSINGER III  

Edward G. Atsinger III  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

November 9, 2016  

By: /s/ EVAN D. MASYR  

Evan D. Masyr  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

63  

EXHIBIT INDEX   

64  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451145_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

I, Edward G. Atsinger III, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Salem Media Group, Inc.;  

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ EDWARD G. ATSINGER III  

Edward G. Atsinger III  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451145_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

I, Evan D. Masyr, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Salem Media Group, Inc.;  

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ EVAN D. MASYR  

Evan D. Masyr  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451145_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as President
and Chief Executive Officer of Salem Media Group, Inc. (the  Company ), for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on his knowledge: 

the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Dated: November 9, 2016  

By:    
     /s/ EDWARD G. ATSINGER III 

Edward G. Atsinger III   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451145_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Salem Media Group, Inc. (the  Company ), for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on his knowledge: 

the Quarterly report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Dated: November 9, 2016  

By:    
     /s/ EVAN D. MASYR 

Evan D. Masyr   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 salm-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 salm-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 salm-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 salm-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 salm-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 salm-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

