<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161123_10-K_edgar_data_46765_0001047469-16-016935_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24976275</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>475140</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>768653</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7130082</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>10717559</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4932330</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>108</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001047469-16-016935.hdr.sgml : 20161123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161123155157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001047469-16-016935
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Helmerich & Payne, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000046765
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				730679879
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04221
		FILM NUMBER:		162016539

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1437 S. BOULDER AVE., SUITE 1400
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9187425531

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1437 S. BOULDER AVE., SUITE 1400
		CITY:			TULSA
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			74119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HELMERICH & PAYNE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001047469-16-016935.txt : 20161123

10-K
 1
 a2230277z10-k.htm
 10-K

Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   PART IV   

Table of Contents    

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION       Washington, D.C. 20549     

   FORM 10-K     

Commission file number 1-4221     

   HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.      (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   

Title of Each Class    
     
   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered    

Common Stock ($0.10 par value)  
     
  New York Stock Exchange  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None   

           Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes        No       

           Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes        No       

           Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes        No       

           Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes        No       

           Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.       

           Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer      
     
  Accelerated filer      
     
  Non-accelerated filer        (Do not check if a smaller 
reporting company)  
     
  Smaller reporting company      

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes        No       

           At March 31, 2016, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $6.2 billion.   

Number
of shares of common stock outstanding at November 11, 2016:    108,177,217.   

   DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE     

           Portions of the Registrant's 2017 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 1, 2017 are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. The 2017 Proxy Statement will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") within 120 days after the end of the
fiscal year to which this Form 10-K relates.   

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS            

             This Annual Report on Form 10-K ("Form 10-K") includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Form 10-K, including,
without limitation, statements regarding the Registrant's future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected costs and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are
forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may", "will", "expect", "intend", "estimate",
"anticipate", "believe", or "continue" or the negative thereof or similar terminology. Although the Registrant believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are
reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Registrant's expectations or
results discussed in the forward-looking statements are disclosed in this Form 10-K under Item 1A "Risk Factors", as well as in Item 7 "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Registrant, or persons acting on its behalf,
are expressly qualified in their entirety by such cautionary statements. The Registrant assumes no duty to update or revise its forward-looking statements based on changes in internal estimates,
expectations or otherwise, except as required by law.   

Table of Contents    

HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   FORM 10-K   YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   TABLE OF CONTENTS            

Page    

PART I    

Item 1.   
     
       Business   

1   

Item 1A.   
     
       Risk Factors   

8   

Item 1B.   
     
       Unresolved Staff Comments   

19   

Item 2.   
     
       Properties   

20   

Item 3.   
     
       Legal Proceedings   

29   

Item 4.   
     
       Mine Safety Disclosures   

30   

Executive Officers of the Company   

31   

PART II    

Item 5.   
     
       Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

32   

Item 6.   
     
       Selected Financial Data   

34   

Item 7.   
     
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

35   

Item 7A.   
     
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

51   

Item 8.   
     
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

52   

Item 9.   
     
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

106   

Item 9A.   
     
       Controls and Procedures   

106   

Item 9B.   
     
       Other Information   

109   

PART III    

Item 10.   
     
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   

109   

Item 11.   
     
       Executive Compensation   

109   

Item 12.   
     
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

109   

Item 13.   
     
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

109   

Item 14.   
     
       Principal Accountant Fees and Services   

109   

PART IV    

Item 15.   
     
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   

110   

Item 16.   
     
       Form 10-K Summary   

114   

SIGNATURES   

115   

Table of Contents    

PART I            

Item 1.    BUSINESS            

          Helmerich   Payne, Inc. (which together with its subsidiaries is identified as the "Company", "we", "us" or "our," except where
stated or the context requires otherwise), was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on February 3, 1940, and is successor to a business originally organized in 1920. We are
primarily engaged in contract drilling of oil and gas wells for others and this business accounts for almost all of our operating revenues.   

          Our
contract drilling business is composed of three reportable business segments: U.S. Land, Offshore and International Land. During fiscal 2016, our U.S. Land operations drilled
primarily in Oklahoma, California, Texas, Wyoming, Colorado, Louisiana, Mississippi, Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Mexico and North Dakota. Offshore operations were conducted in the Gulf of Mexico and
Equatorial Guinea. Our International Land segment conducted drilling operations in five international locations during fiscal 2016: Ecuador, Colombia, Argentina, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates
("UAE").   

          We
are also engaged in the ownership, development and operation of commercial real estate and the research and development of rotary steerable technology. Our real estate investments
located exclusively within Tulsa, Oklahoma, include a shopping center containing approximately 441,000 leasable square feet, multi-tenant industrial warehouse properties containing approximately one
million leasable square feet and approximately 210 acres of undeveloped real estate. Since 2008, our subsidiary, TerraVici Drilling Solutions, Inc., has pursued the development of patented
rotary steerable technology as a means to enhance our horizontal and directional drilling services. We expect to continue research and development of this and other technology in 2017. Each of the
businesses operates independently of the others through wholly-owned subsidiaries. This operating decentralization is balanced by centralized finance and legal organizations.   

CONTRACT DRILLING     

General      

We believe that we are one of the major land and offshore platform drilling contractors in the western hemisphere. Operating principally in
North and South America, we specialize in shallow to deep drilling in oil and gas producing basins of the United States and in drilling for oil and gas in international locations. In the United
States, we draw our customers primarily from the major oil companies and the larger independent oil companies. In South America, our current customers include major international and national oil
companies.   

          In
fiscal 2016, we received approximately 68 percent of our consolidated operating revenues from our ten largest contract drilling customers. Occidental Oil and Gas Corporation,
Continental Resources and Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales (respectively, "Oxy", "Continental" and "YPF"), including their affiliates, are our three largest contract drilling customers. We perform
drilling services for Oxy on a world-wide basis, Continental in U.S. land operations and YPF in Argentina. Revenues from drilling
services performed for Oxy, Continental and YPF in fiscal 2016 accounted for approximately 30 percent, 18 percent and 15 percent, respectively, of our consolidated operating
revenues for the same period.   

Rigs, Equipment, R D, Facilities, and Environmental Compliance      

We provide drilling rigs, equipment, personnel and camps on a contract basis. These services are provided so that our customers may explore for
and develop oil and gas from onshore areas and from fixed platforms, tension-leg platforms and spars in offshore areas. Each of the drilling rigs consists of engines, drawworks, a mast, pumps, blowout
preventers, a drill string and related equipment. The intended well depth and the drilling site conditions are the principal factors that determine the size and   

  1  

Table of Contents   

  type
of rig most suitable for a particular drilling job. A land drilling rig may be moved from location to location without modification to the rig. A platform rig is specifically designed to perform
drilling operations upon a particular platform. While a platform rig may be moved from its original platform, significant expense is incurred to modify a platform rig for operation on each subsequent
platform. In addition to traditional platform rigs, we operate self-moving platform drilling rigs and drilling rigs to be used on tension-leg platforms and spars. The self-moving rig is designed to be
moved without the use of expensive derrick barges. The tension-leg platforms and spars allow drilling operations to be conducted in much deeper water than traditional fixed platforms.   

          Mechanical
rigs rely on belts, pulleys and other mechanical devices to control drilling speed and other rig processes. As such, mechanical rigs are not highly efficient or precise in
their operation. In contrast to mechanical rigs, SCR rigs rely on direct current for power. This enables motor speed to be controlled by changing electrical voltage. Compared to mechanical rigs, SCR
rigs operate with greater efficiency, more power and better control. AC rigs provide for even greater efficiency and flexibility than what can be achieved with mechanical or SCR rigs. AC rigs use a
variable frequency drive that allows motor speed to be manipulated via changes to electrical frequency. The variable frequency drive permits greater control of motor speed for more precision. Among
other attributes, AC rigs are electrically more efficient, produce more torque, utilize regenerative braking, have digital controls and AC motors require less maintenance.   

During
the mid-1990's, we undertook an initiative to use our land and offshore platform drilling experience to develop a new generation of drilling rigs that would be safer,
faster-moving and more capable than mechanical rigs. In 1998, we put to work a new generation of highly mobile/depth flexible
land drilling rigs (individually the "FlexRig "). Since the introduction of our FlexRigs, we have focused on designing and building high-performance, high-efficiency rigs to be used
exclusively in our contract drilling business. We believed that over time FlexRigs would displace older less capable rigs. With the advent of unconventional shale plays, our AC drive FlexRigs have
proven to be particularly well suited for more complex horizontal drilling requirements. The FlexRig has been able to significantly reduce average rig move and drilling times compared to similar
depth-rated traditional land rigs. In addition, the FlexRig allows greater depth flexibility and provides greater operating efficiency. The original rigs were designated as FlexRig1 and FlexRig2 rigs
and were designed to drill wells with a depth of between 8,000 and 18,000 feet. In 2001, we announced that we would build the next generation of FlexRigs, known as "FlexRig3", which incorporated new
drilling technology and new environmental and safety design. This new design included integrated top drive, AC electric drive, hydraulic BOP handling system, hydraulic tubular make-up and break-out
system, split crown and traveling blocks and an enlarged drill floor that enables simultaneous crew activities. FlexRig3s are designed to target well depths of between 8,000 and 22,000 feet.   

In
2006, we placed into service our first FlexRig4. While FlexRig4s are similar to our FlexRig3s, the FlexRig4s are designed to efficiently drill more shallow depth wells of between
4,000 and 18,000 feet. The FlexRig4 design includes a trailerized version and a skidding version, which incorporate additional environmental and safety designs. This design permits the installation of
a pipe handling system which allows the rig to be more efficiently operated and eliminates the need for a casing stabber in the mast. While the FlexRig4 trailerized version provides for more efficient
well site to well site rig moves, the skidding version allows for drilling of up to 22 wells from a single pad which results in reduced environmental impact. In 2011, we announced the introduction of
the FlexRig5 design. The FlexRig5 is suited for long lateral drilling of multiple wells from a single location, which is well suited for unconventional shale reservoirs. The new design preserves the
key performance features of FlexRig3 combined with a bi-directional pad drilling system and equipment capacities suitable for wells in excess of 25,000 feet of measured depth.   

          Industry
trends toward more complex drilling have accelerated the retirement of less capable mechanical rigs. Over time our mechanical rigs have been sold or decommissioned as we added
new   

  2  

Table of Contents   

  AC
drive rigs to our fleet. The decommission of our remaining seven mechanical rigs in fiscal 2011 marked the end of a multi-year evolution in the high-grading of our fleet from mechanical rigs to
high-efficiency, high-performance rigs. In fiscal 2015, we also decommissioned 23 of our 37 remaining SCR rigs including six of the eight 3,000 horsepower conventional rigs in our U.S. Land fleet, all
six of our FlexRig1 SCR rigs and all 11 of our FlexRig2 SCR rigs. In fiscal 2016, we did not decommission any of our remaining 14 SCR rigs.   

Since
1998, we have built 232 FlexRig3s, 88 FlexRig4s, and 52 FlexRig5s with 367 of those delivered to the field. Of the total 372 AC drive FlexRigs built through September 30,
2016, 157 have been built in
the last five fiscal years. As of November 17, 2016, there was one additional FlexRig under construction. Additionally, five previously completed FlexRigs are scheduled for delivery to the
field at a later date per the request of certain customers.   

          The
effective use of technology is important to the maintenance of our competitive position within the drilling industry. We expect to continue to focus on new technology solutions and
applications in the future. Our research and development expense totaled $10.3 million in fiscal 2016, $16.1 million in fiscal 2015, and $15.9 million in fiscal 2014.   

          We
currently have three facilities that provide vertically integrated solutions for drilling rig fabrication, upgrades, retrofits and modifications, as well as overhauling and repairing
of drilling rigs, equipment and associated component parts. We have a gulf coast fabrication and assembly facility near Houston, Texas as well as a 123,000 square foot fabrication facility located on
approximately 11 acres near Tulsa, Oklahoma. Additionally, we lease a 150,000 square foot industrial facility near Tulsa, Oklahoma.   

Our
business is subject to various federal, state and local laws enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of
the environment. We do not anticipate that compliance with currently applicable environmental regulations and controls will significantly change our competitive position, capital spending or earnings
during fiscal 2017. For further information on environmental laws and regulations applicable to our operations, see Item 1A "Risk Factors".   

Industry / Competitive Conditions      

Our business largely depends on the level of capital spending by oil and gas companies for exploration, development and production activities.
Sustained increases or decreases in the price of oil and natural gas generally have a material impact on the exploration, development and production activities of our customers. As such, significant
declines in the price of oil and natural gas may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Oil prices have declined significantly since 2014 when
prices exceeded $100 per barrel. While oil prices have rebounded modestly from lows observed in early 2016, the decline in prices continued to negatively affect demand for services in fiscal 2016.
Specifically, at the close of fiscal 2016 we had 118 contracted rigs, compared to 168 contracted rigs at the close of fiscal 2015 and 325 contracted rigs at the close of fiscal 2014. In addition, and
in light of the price of oil and the status of the drilling industry and our rig fleet, in fiscal 2015 we performed an impairment evaluation of all our long-lived drilling assets in accordance with
ASC 360,    Property, Plant, and Equipment   . Our evaluation resulted in $39.2 million of impairment charges to reduce the carrying value of seven SCR
land rigs within our International Land segment to their estimated fair value. Similarly, during the third quarter of fiscal 2016 we recorded a $6.3 million impairment charge to reduce the
carrying value of certain rig and rig related equipment classified as held for sale in our U.S. Land segment to their estimated fair values. While we continue to periodically perform impairment
evaluations, no additional impairments were
identified in fiscal 2016 for any rigs in our domestic, international or offshore fleets. For further information concerning risks associated with our business, including volatility surrounding oil
and natural gas prices and the impact of low oil prices   

  3  

Table of Contents   

  on
our business, see Item 1A "Risk Factors" and Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in this
Form 10-K.   

          Our
industry is highly competitive. The land drilling market is generally more competitive than the offshore market due to the larger number of drilling rigs and market participants.
While we strive to differentiate our services based upon the quality of our FlexRigs and our engineering design expertise, operational efficiency, safety and environmental awareness, the number of
available rigs generally exceeds demand in many of our markets, resulting in strong price competition. In all of our geographic markets the ability to deliver rigs with new technology and features is
also a significant factor in determining which drilling contractor is awarded a job. In recent years, rigs equipped with moving systems and configured to accommodate drilling of multiple wells on a
single site have offered a competitive advantage. Other factors include quality of service and safety record, the availability and condition of equipment, the availability of trained personnel
possessing specialized skills, experience in operating in certain environments, and relationships with customers.   

          We
compete against many drilling companies and certain competitors are present in more than one of our operating regions. In the United States, we compete with Nabors
Industries Ltd., Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. and many other competitors with regional operations. Internationally, we compete directly with various contractors at each location where we
operate. In the Gulf of Mexico platform rig market, we primarily compete with Nabors Industries Ltd. and Blake International Rigs, LLC.   

Drilling Contracts      

Our drilling contracts are obtained through competitive bidding or as a result of negotiations with customers, and often cover multi-well and
multi-year projects. Each drilling rig operates under a separate drilling contract. During fiscal 2016, all drilling services were performed on a "daywork" contract basis, under which we charge a
fixed rate per day, with the price determined by the location, depth and complexity of the well to be drilled, operating conditions, the duration of the contract, and the competitive forces of the
market. We have previously performed contracts on a combination "footage" and "daywork" basis, under which we charged a fixed rate per foot of hole drilled to a stated depth, usually no deeper than
15,000 feet, and a fixed rate per day for the remainder
of the hole. Contracts performed on a "footage" basis involve a greater element of risk to the contractor than do contracts performed on a "daywork" basis. Also, we have previously accepted "turnkey"
contracts under which we charge a fixed sum to deliver a hole to a stated depth and agree to furnish services such as testing, coring and casing the hole which are not normally done on a "footage"
basis. "Turnkey" contracts entail varying degrees of risk greater than the usual "footage" contract. We have not accepted any "footage" or "turnkey" contracts in over fifteen years. We believe that
under current market conditions, "footage" and "turnkey" contract rates do not adequately compensate us for the added risks. The duration of our drilling contracts are "well-to-well" or for a fixed
term. "Well-to-well" contracts are cancelable at the option of either party upon the completion of drilling at any one site. Fixed-term contracts generally have a minimum term of at least six months
but customarily provide for termination at the election of the customer, with an "early termination payment" to be paid to us if a contract is terminated prior to the expiration of the fixed term.
However, under certain limited circumstances such as destruction of a drilling rig, our bankruptcy, sustained unacceptable performance by us or delivery of a rig beyond certain grace and/or liquidated
damage periods, no early termination payment would be paid to us.   

          Contracts
generally contain renewal or extension provisions exercisable at the option of the customer at prices mutually agreeable to us and the customer. In most instances contracts
provide for additional payments for mobilization and demobilization.   

  4  

Table of Contents   

          As
of September 30, 2016, we had 88 existing rigs under fixed-term contracts. While the original duration for these current fixed-term contracts are for six-month to five-year
periods, some fixed-term and well-to-well contracts are expected to be extended for longer periods than the original terms. However, the contracting parties have no legal obligation to extend these
contracts and some customers may elect to early terminate fixed-term contracts as discussed above.   

Backlog      

Our contract drilling backlog, being the expected future revenue from executed contracts with original terms in excess of one year, as of
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.8 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively. The decrease in backlog at September 30, 2016 from September 30, 2015, is primarily due
to the revenue earned since September 30, 2015 and the expiration and termination of long-term contracts. Approximately 53.2 percent of the total September 30, 2016 backlog is not
reasonably expected to be filled in fiscal 2017. A small portion of the backlog represents term contracts for new rigs that will begin operations in the future.   

          The
following table sets forth the total backlog by reportable segment as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the percentage of the September 30, 2016 backlog not
reasonably expected to be filled in fiscal 2017:   

As
noted above, under certain limited circumstances a customer is not required to pay an early termination fee. There may also be instances where a customer is financially unable or
refuses to pay an early termination fee. Accordingly, the actual amount of revenue earned may vary from the backlog reported. For further information, see Item 1A "Risk Factors".   

U.S. Land Drilling      

At the end of September 2016, 2015, and 2014, we had 348, 343 and 329, respectively, of our land rigs available for work in the United States.
The total number of rigs at the end of fiscal 2016 increased by a net of five rigs from the end of fiscal 2015. The net increase is due to five new FlexRigs completed in 2016. Our U.S. Land operations
contributed approximately 77 percent ($1.2 billion) of our consolidated operating revenues during fiscal 2016, compared with approximately 80 percent ($2.5 billion) of
consolidated operating revenues during fiscal 2015 and approximately 83 percent ($3.1 billion) of consolidated operating revenues during fiscal 2014. Rig utilization was approximately
30 percent in fiscal 2016, approximately 62 percent in fiscal 2015 and approximately 86 percent in fiscal 2014. A rig is considered to be utilized when it is operated or being
mobilized or demobilized under contract. At the close of fiscal 2016, 95 out of an available 348 land rigs were generating revenue.   

Offshore Drilling      

Our Offshore operations contributed approximately 9 percent in fiscal year 2016 ($138.6 million) of our consolidated operating
revenues compared to approximately 8 percent ($241.7 million) of consolidated operating revenues during fiscal 2015 and 7 percent ($251.3 million) of consolidated operating
revenues during fiscal 2014. Rig utilization in fiscal 2016 was approximately 82 percent   

  5  

Table of Contents   

  compared
to approximately 93 percent in fiscal 2015 and 89 percent in fiscal 2014. At the end of fiscal 2016, we had seven of our nine offshore platform rigs under contract compared to
eight at the end of fiscal 2015. We continued to work under management contracts for two customer-owned rigs at the close of fiscal 2016. Revenues from drilling services performed for our largest
offshore drilling customer totaled approximately 61percent ($84.1 million) of offshore revenues during fiscal 2016.   

International Land Drilling      

General     

Prior to September 30, 2015, for financial reporting purposes, fiscal years of our foreign operations ended on August 31 to
facilitate reporting of consolidated results, resulting in a one-month reporting lag when compared to the remainder of the Company. Starting October 1, 2015, the reporting year-end of these
foreign operations was changed from August 31 to September 30 eliminating the previously existing one-month reporting lag. Accordingly, the results of operations below have been changed
to reflect the period-specific effects of this change, unless otherwise noted. See Note 1 "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" included in Item 8 "Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K for additional information regarding this change.   

          At
the end of September 2016 and 2015, we had 38 land rigs available for work in locations outside of the United States compared to 36 land rigs at the end of 2014. Our International
Land operations contributed approximately 14 percent ($229.9 million) of our consolidated operating revenues during fiscal 2016, compared with approximately 12 percent
($382.3 million) of consolidated operating revenues during fiscal 2015 and 9 percent ($351.3 million) of consolidated operating revenues during fiscal 2014. Rig utilization in
fiscal 2016 was 39 percent, 51 percent in fiscal 2015 and 74 percent in fiscal 2014. Our international operations are subject to various political, economic and other
uncertainties not typically encountered in U.S. operations. For further information on various risks associated with doing business in foreign countries, see Item 1A "Risk Factors.   

Argentina     

At the end of fiscal 2016, we had 19 rigs in Argentina. Our utilization rate was approximately 54 percent during fiscal 2016,
approximately 57 percent during fiscal 2015 and approximately 77 percent during fiscal 2014. Revenues generated by Argentine drilling operations contributed approximately
10 percent in fiscal 2016 ($159.4 million) of our consolidated operating revenues compared to approximately 6 percent ($178.0 million) of our consolidated operating
revenues during fiscal 2015 and approximately 3 percent ($107.2 million) of our consolidated operating revenues during fiscal 2014. Revenues from drilling services performed for our two
largest customers in Argentina totaled approximately 9 percent of consolidated operating revenues and approximately 66 percent of international operating revenues during fiscal 2016. The
Argentine drilling contracts are primarily with large international or national oil companies.   

Colombia     

At the end of fiscal 2016, we had eight rigs in Colombia. Our utilization rate was approximately 13 percent during fiscal 2016,
approximately 48 percent during fiscal 2015 and approximately 62 percent during fiscal 2014. Revenues generated by Colombian drilling operations contributed approximately
1 percent in fiscal 2016 ($20.5 million) of our consolidated operating revenues compared to approximately 2 percent ($70.1 million) of our consolidated operating revenues
during fiscal 2015 and approximately 2 percent ($81.2 million) of our consolidated operating revenues during fiscal 2014. Revenues from drilling services performed for our two customers
in Colombia totaled approximately 1 percent of consolidated operating revenues and approximately 9 percent of international operating   

  6  

Table of Contents   

revenues
during fiscal 2016. The Colombian drilling contracts are primarily with large international or national oil companies.   

Ecuador     

At the end of fiscal 2016, we had six rigs in Ecuador. The utilization rate in Ecuador was 4 percent in fiscal 2016, compared to
29 percent in fiscal 2015 and 83 percent in fiscal 2014. Revenues generated by Ecuadorian drilling operations contributed less than 1 percent ($4.9 million) during fiscal
2016 of our consolidated operating revenues compared to approximately 1 percent during fiscal 2015 ($31.0 million) of our consolidated operating revenues and 2 percent in fiscal
2014 ($68.0 million) of our consolidated operating revenues. At the end of fiscal 2016 all of our rigs in Ecuador were idle. The rigs in Ecuador, along with other rig related assets, were
classified as held for sale at September 30, 2016.   

UAE Abu Dhabi     

At the end of fiscal 2016, we had two rigs in the UAE. The utilization rate in the UAE was 100 percent in fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and in
fiscal 2014. Revenues generated by drilling operations in the UAE contributed 2 percent ($34.6 million) during fiscal 2016 of our consolidated operating revenues compared to
approximately 2 percent during fiscal 2015 ($47.7 million) of our consolidated operating revenues and 1 percent during fiscal 2014 ($48.5 million) of our consolidated
operating revenues. The UAE drilling contracts are with a single national oil company that contributed approximately 15 percent of international operating revenues during fiscal 2016.   

Bahrain     

At the end of fiscal 2016, we had three rigs in Bahrain. The utilization rate in Bahrain was 33 percent in fiscal 2016, compared to
56 percent in fiscal 2015 and 100 percent in fiscal 2014. Revenues generated by drilling operations in Bahrain contributed 1 percent during fiscal 2016, fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014
($10.2 million, $41.9 million and $33.2 million, respectively) of our consolidated
operating revenues. Bahrain drilling contracts are with a single national oil company that contributed approximately 4 percent of international operating revenues during fiscal 2016.   

FINANCIAL     

For information relating to revenues, total assets and operating income by reportable operating segments, see
Note 14 "Segment Information" included in Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K.   

EMPLOYEES     

We had 4,116 employees within the United States (5 of which were part-time employees) and 724 employees in international operations as of
September 30, 2016.   

AVAILABLE INFORMATION     

Our website is located at www.hpinc.com. Annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on
Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, earnings releases, and financial statements are made available free of charge on the investor relations section of our website as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information contained on our website, or available by hyperlink from our website, is not incorporated into
this Form 10-K or other documents we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. Annual reports, quarterly reports, current reports, amendments to those reports, earnings releases, financial   

  7  

Table of Contents   

  statements
and our various corporate governance documents are also available free of charge upon written request.    

Item 1A.    RISK FACTORS            

In addition to the risk factors discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, we caution that the following "Risk Factors" could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

Our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industry, which is significantly
impacted by the volatility of oil and natural gas prices and other factors.      

          Our business depends on the conditions of the land and offshore oil and natural gas industry. Demand for our services depends on oil and natural
gas industry exploration and production activity and expenditure levels, which are directly affected by trends in oil and natural gas prices. Oil and natural gas prices, and market expectations
regarding potential changes to these prices, significantly affect oil and natural gas industry activity.   

          Oil
prices declined significantly during the second half of 2014. Volatility and the overall decline in prices continued through 2015 and into early 2016. For example, in July of 2014
oil prices exceeded $100 per barrel. Oil prices dropped below $30 per barrel in early 2016. In recent months oil prices have generally remained below $50 per barrel. In response to the downward trend
in prices, many of our customers reduced their capital spending budgets for 2015 and 2016. As such, demand for our drilling services declined further in the first half of fiscal 2016. We have,
however, experienced an increase in demand and activity since May of 2016. At December 31, 2014, 294 out of an available 337 land rigs were working in the U.S. Land segment. In contrast, at
September 30, 2016, 95 out of an available 348 land rigs were contracted in the U.S. Land segment. As of November 17, 2016, 105 rigs were contracted in the U.S. Land segment. In the
event oil prices remain depressed for a sustained period, or decline again, our U.S. Land, International Land and Offshore segments may again experience significant declines in both drilling activity
and spot dayrate pricing which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

Oil
and natural gas prices are impacted by many factors beyond our control, including:  

the demand for oil and natural gas;   
            the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas;   
            the worldwide economy;   
            expectations about future oil and natural gas prices;   
            the desire and ability of The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") to set and maintain production levels and pricing;    
            the level of production by OPEC and non-OPEC countries;   
            the continued development of shale plays which may influence worldwide supply and prices;   
            domestic and international tax policies;   
            political and military conflicts in oil producing regions or other geographical areas or acts of terrorism in the U.S. or elsewhere;    
            technological advances;    
 
  8  

Table of Contents    

the development and exploitation of alternative fuels;   
            legal and other limitations or restrictions on exportation and/or importation of oil and natural gas;    
            local and international political, economic and weather conditions; and   
            the environmental and other laws and governmental regulations regarding exploration and development of oil and natural gas reserves.    

The
level of land and offshore exploration, development and production activity and the price for oil and natural gas is volatile and is likely to continue to be volatile in the future. Higher oil and
natural gas prices do not necessarily translate into increased activity because demand for our services is typically driven by our customer's expectations of future commodity prices. However, a
sustained decline in worldwide demand for oil and natural gas or prolonged low oil or natural gas prices would likely result in reduced exploration and development of land and offshore areas and a
decline in the demand for our services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

Our offshore and land operations are subject to a number of operational risks, including environmental and
weather risks, which could expose us to significant losses and damage claims. We are not fully insured against all of these risks and our contractual indemnity provisions may not fully protect us.      

Our drilling operations are subject to the many hazards inherent in the business, including inclement weather, blowouts, well fires, loss of
well control, pollution, and reservoir damage. These hazards could cause significant environmental damage, personal injury and death, suspension of drilling operations, serious damage or destruction
of equipment and property and substantial damage to producing formations and surrounding lands and waters.   

          Our
Offshore drilling operations are also subject to potentially greater environmental liability, including pollution of offshore waters and related negative impact on wildlife and
habitat, adverse sea conditions and platform damage or destruction due to collision with aircraft or marine vessels. Our Offshore operations may also be negatively affected by blowouts or uncontrolled
release of oil by third parties whose offshore operations are unrelated to our operations. We operate several platform rigs in the Gulf of Mexico. The Gulf of Mexico experiences hurricanes and other
extreme weather conditions on a frequent basis, the frequency of which may increase with any climate change. Damage caused by high winds and turbulent seas could potentially curtail operations on such
platform rigs for significant periods of time until the damage can be repaired. Moreover, even if our platform rigs are not directly damaged by such storms, we may experience disruptions in operations
due to damage to customer platforms and other related facilities in the area.   

          We
have a facility located near the Houston, Texas ship channel where we upgrade and repair rigs and perform fabrication work, and our principal fabricator and other vendors are also
located in the gulf coast region. Due to their location, these facilities are exposed to potentially greater hurricane damage.   

          We
have indemnification agreements with many of our customers and we also maintain liability and other forms of insurance. In general, our drilling contracts contain provisions requiring
our customers to indemnify us for, among other things, pollution and reservoir damage. However, our contractual rights to indemnification may be unenforceable or limited due to negligent or willful
acts by us, our subcontractors and/or suppliers or by reason of state anti-indemnity laws. Our customers and other third parties may also dispute, or be unable to meet, their contractual
indemnification obligations to us. Accordingly, we may be unable to transfer these risks to our drilling customers and other third parties by contract or indemnification agreements. Incurring a
liability for which we are not fully   

  9  

Table of Contents   

  indemnified
or insured could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

With
the exception of "named wind storm" risk in the Gulf of Mexico, we insure rigs and related equipment at values that approximate the current replacement cost on the inception date of
the policies. However, we self-insure large deductibles under these policies. We also carry insurance with varying deductibles and coverage limits with respect to offshore platform rigs and "named
wind storm" risk in the Gulf of Mexico.   

          We
have insurance coverage for comprehensive general liability, automobile liability, worker's compensation and employer's liability, and certain other specific risks. Insurance is
purchased over deductibles to reduce our exposure to catastrophic events. We retain a significant portion of our expected losses under our worker's compensation, general liability and automobile
liability programs. The Company self-insures a number of other risks including loss of earnings and business interruption, and most cyber risks. We are unable to obtain significant amounts of
insurance to cover risks of underground reservoir damage.   

          If
a significant accident or other event occurs and is not fully covered by insurance or an enforceable or recoverable indemnity from a customer, it could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our insurance will not in all situations provide sufficient funds to protect us from all liabilities that could result from our drilling
operations. Our coverage includes aggregate policy limits. As a result, we retain the risk for any loss in excess of these limits. No assurance can be given that all or a portion of our coverage will
not be cancelled during fiscal 2017, that insurance coverage will continue to be available at rates considered reasonable or that our coverage will respond to a specific loss. Further, we may
experience difficulties in collecting from our insurers or our insurers may deny all or a portion of our claims for insurance coverage.   

A tepid or deteriorating global economy may affect our business.      

          As a result of volatility in oil and natural gas prices and a tepid global economic environment, we are unable to determine whether our
customers will maintain or increase spending on exploration and development drilling or whether customers and/or vendors and suppliers will be able to access financing necessary to sustain or increase
their current level of operations, fulfill their commitments and/or fund future operations and obligations. In the event the global economic environment remains tepid or deteriorates, industry
fundamentals may be impacted and result in stagnant or reduced demand for drilling rigs. Furthermore, these factors may result in certain of our customers experiencing bankruptcy or otherwise becoming
unable to pay vendors, including us. The global economic environment in the past has experienced significant deterioration in a relatively short period of time and there can be no assurance that the
global economic environment will not quickly deteriorate again due to one or more factors. These conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.   

The contract drilling business is highly competitive and an excess of available drilling rigs may adversely
affect our rig utilization and profit margins.      

          Competition in contract drilling involves such factors as price, rig availability and excess rig capacity in the industry, efficiency, condition
and type of equipment, reputation, operating safety, environmental impact, and customer relations. Competition is primarily on a regional basis and may vary significantly by region at any particular
time. Land drilling rigs can be readily moved from one region to another in response to changes in levels of activity, and an oversupply of rigs in any region may result, leading to increased price
competition.   

          Although
many contracts for drilling services are awarded based solely on price, we have been successful in establishing long-term relationships with certain customers which have allowed
us to   

  10  

Table of Contents   

  secure
drilling work even though we may not have been the lowest bidder for such work. We have continued to attempt to differentiate our services based upon our FlexRigs and our engineering design
expertise, operational efficiency, safety and environmental awareness. However, development of new drilling technology by competitors has increased in recent years and future improvements in
operational efficiency and safety by our competitors could further negatively affect our ability to differentiate our services. Also, the strategy of differentiation is less effective during low
commodity price environments
when lower demand for drilling services intensifies price competition and makes it more difficult or impossible to compete on any basis other than price.   

          The
oil and natural gas services industry in the United States has experienced downturns in demand during the last decade, including a significant downturn that started in 2014. Today,
as was the case in past downturns, there are substantially more drilling rigs available than necessary to meet demand. As a result of the current excess of available and more competitive drilling
rigs, we may be unable to replace fixed-term contracts that were terminated early, extend expiring contracts or obtain new contracts in the spot market, and the day rates (and other material terms)
under any new contracts may be on substantially less favorable rates and terms. As such, we may have difficulty sustaining rig utilization and profit margins in the future, we may lose market share
and price may become the primary factor in the award of contracts for drilling services.   

The loss of one or a number of our large customers could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.      

          In fiscal 2016, we received approximately 68 percent of our consolidated operating revenues from our ten largest contract drilling
customers and approximately 30 percent of our consolidated operating revenues from our three largest customers (including their affiliates). We believe that our relationship with all of these
customers is good; however, the loss of one or more of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

New technologies may cause our drilling methods and equipment to become less competitive, higher levels of
capital expenditures may be necessary to keep pace with the bifurcation of the drilling industry, and growth through the building of new drilling rigs and improvement of existing rigs is not assured.      

          The market for our services is characterized by continual technological developments that have resulted in, and will likely continue to result
in, substantial improvements in the functionality and performance of rigs and equipment. Our customers increasingly demand the services of newer, higher specification drilling rigs. This results in a
bifurcation of the drilling fleet and is evidenced by the higher specification drilling rigs (e.g., AC rigs) generally operating at higher overall utilization levels and day rates than the
lower specification drilling rigs (e.g., mechanical or SCR rigs). In addition, a significant number of lower specification rigs are being stacked and/or removed from service. As a result of
this bifurcation, a higher level of capital expenditures will be required to maintain and improve existing rigs and equipment and purchase and construct newer, higher specification drilling rigs to
meet the increasingly sophisticated needs of our customers.   

          Since
the late 1990's we have increased our drilling rig fleet through new construction. Although we take measures to ensure that we use advanced oil and natural gas drilling technology,
changes in technology or improvements in competitors' equipment could make our equipment less competitive. There can be no assurance that we will:  

have sufficient capital resources to improve existing rigs or build new, technologically advanced drilling rigs;    
            avoid cost overruns inherent in large fabrication projects resulting from numerous factors such as shortages of equipment, materials and
skilled labor, unscheduled delays in delivery of ordered    
 
  11  

Table of Contents   

equipment
and materials, unanticipated increases in costs of equipment, materials and labor, design and engineering problems, and financial or other difficulties;   

successfully deploy idle, stacked or new drilling rigs;   
            effectively manage the increased size or future growth of our organization and drilling fleet;   
            maintain crews necessary to operate existing or additional drilling rigs; or   
            successfully improve our financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects as a result of improving existing drilling rigs or
building new drilling rigs.    

If
we are not successful in upgrading existing rigs and equipment or building new rigs in a timely and cost-effective manner suitable to customer needs, we could lose market share. One
or more technologies that we may implement in the future may not work as we expect and we may be adversely affected. Additionally, new technologies, services or standards could render some of our
services, drilling rigs or equipment obsolete, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation.   

New legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing or other aspects of the oil and
gas industry could negatively impact the drilling programs of our customers and, consequently, delay, limit or reduce the drilling services we provide.      

          It is a common practice in our industry for our customers to recover natural gas and oil from shale and other formations through the use of
horizontal drilling combined with hydraulic fracturing. Hydraulic fracturing is the process of creating or expanding cracks, or fractures, in formations using water, sand and other additives pumped
under high pressure into the formation. The hydraulic fracturing process is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions. Several states have adopted or are considering adopting
regulations that could impose more stringent permitting, public disclosure, waste disposal and/or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations or otherwise seek to ban fracturing
activities altogether. In addition to state laws, some local municipalities have adopted or are considering adopting land use restrictions, such as city ordinances, that may restrict or prohibit the
performance of well drilling in general and/or hydraulic fracturing in particular. Members of the U.S. Congress and a number of federal agencies are analyzing, or have been requested to review, a
variety of environmental issues associated with hydraulic fracturing and the possibility of more stringent regulation. Further, we conduct drilling activities in numerous states, including Oklahoma.
In recent years, Oklahoma has experienced an increase in earthquakes. Some parties believe that there is a correlation between hydraulic fracturing related activities and the increased occurrence of
seismic activity. The extent of this correlation, if any, is the subject of studies of both state and federal agencies the results of which remain uncertain. Depending on the outcome of these or other
studies pertaining to the impact of hydraulic fracturing, federal and state legislatures and agencies may seek to further regulate, restrict or prohibit hydraulic fracturing activities. Increased
regulation and attention given to the hydraulic fracturing process could lead to greater opposition to oil and gas production activities using hydraulic fracturing techniques, operational delays or
increased operating and compliance costs in the production of oil and natural gas from shale plays, added
difficulty in performing hydraulic fracturing, and potentially a decline in the completion of new oil and gas wells.   

We
do not engage in any hydraulic fracturing activities. However, any new laws, regulations or permitting requirements regarding hydraulic fracturing could negatively impact the drilling
programs of our customers and, consequently, delay, limit or reduce the drilling services we provide. Widespread regulation significantly restricting or prohibiting hydraulic fracturing by our
customers could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation.   

  12  

Table of Contents   

We may be required to record impairment charges with respect to our drilling rigs.      

          We evaluate our drilling rigs and other property whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. An impairment loss may exist when the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset. Lower utilization and day rates adversely affect our revenues and
profitability. Prolonged periods of low utilization and day rates may result in the recognition of impairment charges on certain of our drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates, based upon
information available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying value of these rigs may not be recoverable. For example, in fiscal 2015, we performed an impairment evaluation of all our
long-lived drilling assets. Our evaluation resulted in $39.2 million of impairment charges to reduce the carrying value of seven SCR land rigs within our International Land segment to their
estimated fair value. Similarly, during the third quarter of fiscal 2016 we recorded a $6.3 million impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of certain rig and rig related equipment
classified as held for sale in our U.S. Land segment to their estimated fair values. Although we are actively marketing idle drilling rigs in our fleet, there can be no assurance that we will be able
to obtain future contracts for all of our rigs. As of September 30, 2016, we assessed our idle drilling rigs and determined no additional impairment charges were necessary. However, drilling
rigs in our fleet may become impaired in the future if current depressed market conditions are prolonged or if oil and gas prices remain low or decline further.   

Department of Interior investigation could adversely affect our business.      

          On November 8, 2013, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana approved the previously disclosed
October 30, 2013 plea agreement between our wholly
owned subsidiary, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. ("H PIDC"), and the United States Department of Justice, United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of
Louisiana ("DOJ"). The court's approval of the plea agreement resolved the DOJ's investigation into certain choke manifold testing irregularities that occurred in 2010 at one of H PIDC's offshore
platform rigs in the Gulf of Mexico. We have been engaged in discussions with the Inspector General's office of the Department of Interior regarding the same events that were the subject of the DOJ's
investigation. Although we presently believe that the outcome of our discussions will not have a material adverse effect on us, we can provide no assurances as to the timing or eventual outcome of
these discussions. Refer to Item 3 "Legal Proceedings" and Note 13 "Commitments and Contingencies" included in Item 8 "Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K for additional discussion of this subject.   

We are subject to the political, economic and social instability risks and local laws associated with doing
business in certain foreign countries.      

          We currently have operations in South America, the Middle East and Africa. In the future, we may further expand the geographic reach of our
operations. As a result, we are exposed to certain political, economic and other uncertainties not encountered in U.S. operations, including increased risks of social unrest, strikes, terrorism, war,
kidnapping of employees, nationalization, forced negotiation or modification of contracts, difficulty resolving disputes and enforcing contract provisions, expropriation of equipment as well as
expropriation of oil and gas exploration and drilling rights, taxation policies, foreign exchange restrictions and restrictions on repatriation of income and capital, currency rate fluctuations,
increased governmental ownership and regulation of the economy and industry in the markets in which we operate, economic and financial instability of national oil companies, and restrictive
governmental regulation, bureaucratic delays and general hazards associated with foreign sovereignty over certain areas in which operations are conducted. South American countries, in particular, have
historically experienced uneven periods of economic growth, as well as recession, periods of high inflation and general economic and political instability. From time to time these risks   

  13  

Table of Contents   

  have
impacted our business. For example, on June 30, 2010, the Venezuelan government expropriated 11 rigs and associated real and personal property owned by our Venezuelan subsidiary. Prior
thereto, we also experienced currency devaluation losses in Venezuela and difficulty repatriating U.S. dollars to the United States.   

Additionally,
there can be no assurance that there will not be changes in local laws, regulations and administrative requirements or the interpretation thereof which could have a
material adverse effect on the profitability of our operations or on our ability to continue operations in certain areas. Because of
the impact of local laws, our future operations in certain areas may be conducted through entities in which local citizens own interests and through entities (including joint ventures) in which we
hold only a minority interest or pursuant to arrangements under which we conduct operations under contract to local entities. While we believe that neither operating through such entities nor pursuant
to such arrangements would have a material adverse effect on our operations or revenues, there can be no assurance that we will in all cases be able to structure or restructure our operations to
conform to local law (or the administration thereof) on terms we find acceptable.   

          Although
we attempt to minimize the potential impact of such risks by operating in more than one geographical area, during fiscal 2016, approximately 14 percent of our
consolidated operating revenues were generated from the international contract drilling business. During fiscal 2016, approximately 80 percent of the international operating revenues were from
operations in South America. All of the South American operating revenues were from Argentina, Colombia and Ecuador. The future occurrence of one or more international events arising from the types of
risks described above could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation.   

Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or foreign anti-bribery legislation could
adversely affect our business.      

          The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom Bribery Act
2010, generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate in many parts of the world
that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices and impact our
business. Although we have programs in place covering compliance with anti-bribery legislation, any failure to comply with the FCPA or other anti-bribery legislation could subject us to civil and
criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. We could also face fines, sanctions and other penalties
from authorities in the relevant foreign jurisdictions, including prohibition of our participating in or curtailment of business operations in those jurisdictions and the seizure of drilling rigs or
other assets.   

Failure to comply with governmental and environmental laws could adversely affect our business.      

          Many aspects of our operations are subject to government regulation, including those relating to drilling practices, pollution, disposal of
hazardous substances and oil field waste. The United States and various other countries have environmental regulations which affect drilling operations. The cost of compliance with these laws could be
substantial. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to substantial civil and criminal penalties. In addition, environmental laws and regulations in the United States
impose a variety of requirements on
"responsible parties" related to the prevention of oil spills and liability for damages from such spills. As an owner and operator of drilling rigs, we may be deemed to be a responsible party under
these laws and regulations.   

  14  

Table of Contents    

          We believe that we are in substantial compliance with all legislation and regulations affecting our operations in the drilling of oil and gas wells and in
controlling the discharge of wastes. To date, compliance costs have not materially affected our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position, although compliance measures may add to the
costs of drilling operations. Additional legislation or regulation may reasonably be anticipated, and the effect thereof on our operations cannot be predicted.   

Our current backlog of contract drilling revenue may continue to decline and may not be ultimately realized
as fixed-term contracts may in certain instances be terminated without an early termination payment.      

          Fixed-term drilling contracts customarily provide for termination at the election of the customer, with an "early termination payment" to be
paid to us if a contract is terminated prior to the expiration of the fixed term. However, under certain limited circumstances, such as destruction of a drilling rig, our bankruptcy, sustained
unacceptable performance by us or delivery of a rig beyond certain grace and/or liquidated damage periods, no early termination payment would be paid to us.
Even if an early termination payment is owed to us, a customer may be unable or may refuse to pay the early termination payment. We also may not be able to perform under these contracts due to events
beyond our control, and our customers may seek to cancel or renegotiate our contracts for various reasons, such as depressed market conditions. As of September 30, 2016, our contract drilling
backlog was approximately $1.8 billion for future revenues under firm commitments. Our contract drilling backlog may continue to decline as contract term coverage over time may not be offset by
new term contracts as a result of the decline in the price of oil and capital spending reductions by our customers. Our inability or the inability of our customers to perform under our or their
contractual obligations may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

Our securities portfolio may lose significant value due to a decline in equity prices and other
market-related risks, thus impacting our debt ratio, financial strength, and possibly financial results.      

          At September 30, 2016, we had a portfolio of securities with a total fair value of approximately $71.5 million, consisting of
Atwood Oceanics, Inc. and Schlumberger, Ltd. The total fair value of the portfolio of securities was $91.5 million at September 30, 2015. These securities are subject to a
wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the fair value of the holdings. The portfolio is recorded at fair value on the balance sheet with changes in unrealized
after-tax value reflected in the equity section of the balance sheet unless a decline in fair value below our cost basis is considered to be other than temporary in which case the change is recorded
through earnings. Our position in Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (an offshore drilling company severely impacted by the downturn in the energy sector) was in an unrealized loss position for under
30 days at September 30, 2015, and then dropped below cost again in December 2015 and continued to be in a loss position through fiscal 2016. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we
determined the loss was other-than-temporary. As a result, we recognized a $26.0 million other-than-temporary impairment charge. At November 17, 2016, the fair value of the portfolio had
decreased to approximately $68.8 million.   

We may reduce or suspend our dividend in the future.      

          We have paid a quarterly dividend for many years. Our most recent, quarterly dividend was $0.70 per share. In the future, our Board of Directors
may, without advance notice, determine to reduce or suspend our dividend in order to maintain our financial flexibility and best position the Company for long-term success. The declaration and amount
of future dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, prospects, industry conditions, capital requirements
and other factors and restrictions our Board of Directors deems relevant. The likelihood that dividends will be reduced or suspended is increased during periods of prolonged market weakness. In
addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by agreements   

  15  

Table of Contents   

  governing
our indebtedness now or in the future. There can be no assurance that we will continue to pay a dividend in the future.   

Legal proceedings could have a negative impact on our business.      

          The nature of our business makes us susceptible to legal proceedings and governmental investigations from time to time. In addition, during
periods of depressed market conditions, such as the one we are currently experiencing, we may be subject to an increased risk of our customers, vendors, former employees and others initiating legal
proceedings against us. Lawsuits or claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any litigation or claims, even if fully
indemnified or insured, could negatively affect our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively or obtain adequate insurance in the future.   

We depend on a limited number of vendors, some of which are thinly capitalized and the loss of any of which
could disrupt our operations.      

          Certain key rig components, parts and equipment are either purchased from or fabricated by a single or limited number of vendors, and we have no
long-term contracts with many of these vendors. Shortages could occur in these essential components due to an interruption of supply, increased demands in the industry or other reasons beyond our
control. Similarly, certain key rig components, parts and equipment are obtained from vendors that are, in some cases, thinly capitalized, independent companies that generate significant portions of
their business from us or from a small group of companies in the energy industry. These vendors may be disproportionately affected by any loss of business, downturn in the energy industry or reduction
or unavailability of credit. If we are unable to procure certain of such rig components, parts or equipment, our ability to maintain, improve, upgrade or construct drilling rigs could be impaired,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by foreign currency restrictions and
devaluation.      

          Our contracts for work in foreign countries generally provide for payment in U.S. dollars. However, in Argentina we are paid in Argentine pesos.
The Argentine branch of one of our second-tier subsidiaries remits U.S. dollars to its U.S. parent by converting the Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars through the Argentine Foreign Exchange Market and
repatriating the U.S. dollars. In the future, other contracts or applicable law may require payments to be made in foreign currencies. As such, there can be no assurance that we will not experience in
Argentina or elsewhere a devaluation of foreign currency, foreign exchange restrictions or other difficulties repatriating U.S. dollars even if we are able to negotiate contract provisions designed to
mitigate such risks. In December 2015, the Argentine peso experienced a sharp devaluation resulting in an aggregate foreign currency loss of $8.5 million for the three months ended
December 31, 2015. Subsequent to the sharp devaluation, the Argentine peso has significantly stabilized and the Argentine Foreign Exchange Market controls place fewer restrictions on
repatriating U.S. dollars. However, in the future we may incur currency devaluations, foreign exchange restrictions or other difficulties repatriating U.S. dollars in Argentina or elsewhere which
could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

We may have additional tax liabilities.      

          We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous other jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our
worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly audited
by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are   

  16  

Table of Contents   

  reasonable,
the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different than what is reflected in income tax provisions and accruals. An audit or litigation could
materially affect our financial position, income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods challenged. It is also possible that future changes to tax laws (including tax
treaties) could impact our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date.   

A downgrade in our credit rating could negatively impact our cost of and ability to access capital.      

          Our ability to access capital markets or to otherwise obtain sufficient financing is enhanced by our senior unsecured debt ratings as provided
by major U.S. credit rating agencies. Factors that may impact our credit ratings include debt levels, liquidity, asset quality, cost structure, commodity pricing levels and other considerations. A
ratings downgrade could adversely impact our ability in the future to access debt markets, increase the cost of future debt, and potentially require us to post letters of credit for certain
obligations.   

Our ability to access capital markets could be limited.      

          From time to time, we may need to access capital markets to obtain financing. Our ability to access capital markets for financing could be
limited by, among other things, oil and gas prices, our existing capital structure, our credit ratings, the state of the economy, the health of the drilling and overall oil and gas industry, and the
liquidity of the capital markets. Many of the factors that affect our ability to access capital markets are outside of our control. No assurance can be given that we will be able to access capital
markets on terms acceptable to us when required to do so, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

We may not be able to generate cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other
actions to satisfy our obligations.      

          Our ability to make future, scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flows and
capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investment decisions and capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or
restructure or refinance our indebtedness. Furthermore, these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to
restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial position at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may
require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. Any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a
timely basis would be a default (if not waived) and would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our
indebtedness.   

Regulation of greenhouse gases and climate change could have a negative impact on our business.      

          Scientific studies have suggested that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as "greenhouse gases" ("GHGs") and including carbon
dioxide and methane, may be contributing to warming of the earth's atmosphere and other climatic changes. In response to such studies, the issue of climate change and the effect of GHG emissions, in
particular emissions from fossil fuels, is attracting increasing attention worldwide. We are aware of the increasing focus of local, state, national and international regulatory bodies on GHG
emissions and climate change issues. The United States Congress may consider legislation to reduce GHG emissions. Although it is not possible at this time to predict whether proposed legislation or
regulations will be adopted, any such future laws and   

  17  

Table of Contents   

  regulations
could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions. If we are unable to recover or pass through a significant level of our costs related to complying with
climate change regulatory requirements imposed on us, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, to the extent financial markets
view climate change and GHG emissions as a financial risk, this could negatively impact our cost of or access to capital. Climate change and GHG regulation could also reduce the demand for
hydrocarbons and, ultimately, demand for our services.   

Reliance on management and competition for experienced personnel may negatively impact our operations or
financial results.      

          We greatly depend on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees to manage our operations. The loss of members of management
could have a material effect on our business. Similarly, we utilize highly skilled personnel in operating and supporting our businesses. In times of high utilization, it can be difficult to retain,
and in some cases find, qualified individuals. Although to date our operations have not been materially affected by competition for personnel, an inability to obtain or find a sufficient number of
qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

Shortages of drilling equipment and supplies could adversely affect our operations.      

          The contract drilling business is highly cyclical. During periods of increased demand for contract drilling services, delays in delivery and
shortages of drilling equipment and supplies can occur. These risks are intensified during periods when the industry experiences significant new drilling rig construction or refurbishment. Any such
delays or shortages could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

Our business is subject to cybersecurity risks.      

          Threats to information technology systems associated with cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents or attacks continue to grow. Cybersecurity
attacks could include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and the unauthorized release, corruption or loss of our data and personal
information, loss of our intellectual property, theft of our FlexRig and other technology, loss or damage to our data delivery systems, other electronic security breaches that could lead to
disruptions in our critical systems, and increased costs to prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity events. It is possible that our business, financial and other systems could be compromised,
which might not be noticed for some period of time. Although we utilize various procedures and controls to mitigate our exposure to such risk, cybersecurity attacks are evolving and unpredictable. The
occurrence of such an attack could lead to financial losses and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are not aware that any material
cybersecurity breaches have occurred to date.   

Unionization efforts and labor regulations in certain countries in which we operate could materially increase
our costs or limit our flexibility.      

          Efforts may be made from time to time to unionize portions of our workforce. In addition, we may in the future be subject to strikes or work
stoppages and other labor disruptions. Additional unionization efforts, new collective bargaining agreements or work stoppages could materially increase our costs, reduce our revenues or limit our
flexibility.   

  18  

Table of Contents   

Any future implementation of price controls on oil and natural gas would affect our operations.      

          The United States Congress may in the future impose some form of price controls on either oil, natural gas, or both. Any future limits on the
price of oil or natural gas could negatively affect the demand for our services and, consequently, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

Covenants in our debt agreements restrict our ability to engage in certain activities.      

          Our debt agreements pertaining to certain long-term unsecured debt and our unsecured revolving credit facility contain various covenants that
may in certain instances restrict our ability to, among other things, incur, assume or guarantee additional indebtedness, incur liens, sell or otherwise dispose of assets, enter into new lines of
business, and merge or consolidate. In addition, our credit facility requires us to maintain a funded leverage ratio (as defined) of less than 50 percent and certain priority debt (as defined)
may not exceed 17.5% of our net worth (as defined). Such restrictions may limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans, which may have adverse consequences on our operations.   

Improvements in or new discoveries of alternative energy technologies could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.      

          Since our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industry, any improvement in or new discoveries of alternative
energy technologies that increase the use of alternative forms of energy and reduce the demand for oil and natural gas could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.    

Item 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS            

          We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC that were issued 180 days or
more preceding the end of our 2016 fiscal year and that remain unresolved.   

  19  

Table of Contents    

Item 2.    PROPERTIES            

CONTRACT DRILLING     

The following table sets forth certain information concerning our U.S. land and offshore drilling rigs as of September 30, 2016:   

20  

Table of Contents   

21  

Table of Contents   

22  

Table of Contents   

23  

Table of Contents   

24  

Table of Contents   

25  

Table of Contents   

26  

Table of Contents   

The
following table sets forth information with respect to the utilization of our U.S. land and offshore drilling rigs for the periods indicated:   

(1)    A
rig is considered to be utilized when it is operated or being moved, assembled or dismantled under contract.     

27  

Table of Contents    

          The following table sets forth certain information concerning our international drilling rigs as of September 30, 2016:   

28  

Table of Contents   

          The
following table sets forth information with respect to the utilization of our international drilling rigs for the periods indicated:   

(1)    A
rig is considered to be utilized when it is operated or being moved, assembled or dismantled under contract.
      (2)    Does
not include rigs returned to the United States for major modifications and upgrades.
      (3)    Utilization
for years prior to 2016 have been changed due to the change in reporting year-end from August 31 to September 30 effective
October 1, 2015     

STOCK PORTFOLIO    

          Information
required by this item regarding our stock portfolio may be found in, and is incorporated by reference to, Item 7 "Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Stock Portfolio Held" included in this Form 10-K.    

Item 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS            

1.      Investigation by the Department of the Interior    .    

On
November 8, 2013, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana approved the previously disclosed October 30, 2013 plea agreement between our
wholly owned subsidiary, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co., and the United States Department of Justice, United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Louisiana
("DOJ"). The court's approval of the plea agreement resolved the DOJ's investigation into certain choke manifold testing irregularities that occurred in 2010 at one of Helmerich   Payne
International Drilling Co.'s offshore platform rigs in the Gulf of Mexico. We have been engaged in discussions with the Inspector General's office of the Department of the Interior ("DOI")
regarding the same events that were the subject of the DOJ's investigation. We can provide no assurances as to the timing or eventual outcome of these discussions and are unable to determine the
amount of penalty, if any, that may be assessed or the effect of any terms that may be required by an administrative agreement with the DOI. However, we presently believe that the outcome of our
discussions will not have a material adverse effect on us.    

2.      Venezuela Expropriation.     

Our
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. and Helmerich   Payne de Venezuela, C.A. filed a lawsuit in the United States District
Court for the District of Columbia on September 23, 2011 against the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A. ("PDVSA") and PDVSA Petroleo, S.A.
("Petroleo"). We are seeking damages for the taking of our Venezuelan drilling business in violation of international law and for breach of contract. While there exists the possibility of realizing a
recovery, we are currently unable to determine the timing or amounts we may receive, if any, or the likelihood of recovery.    

3.       Environmental Claim    .    

On
or about August 28, 2015, we received a    Notice of Intent to File a Civil Administrative Complaint    from the United States
Environmental Protection Agency indicating that the EPA planned to file an   

  29  

Table of Contents   

  Administrative
Complaint against us in connection with an incident that occurred in May of 2014 at a customer's location in Ohio, where one of our domestic land rigs was working (the "NOI").
Specifically, the EPA alleges that we violated certain portions of the Clean Water Act and the oil pollution prevention regulations when oil was discharged from the well and migrated into an unnamed
tributary. The EPA is proposing a penalty in the amount of $186,868. We have disputed the NOI and are currently awaiting a response from the EPA. In the event that the EPA finds against us and imposes
a penalty, we will seek indemnification from our customer.    

4.       Keel Litigation    .    

As
previously disclosed, on or about April 28, 2015, Joshua Keel ("Keel"), an employee of Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. ("HPIDC"), filed a petition in
the 152nd Judicial Court for Harris County, Texas (Cause No. 2015-24531) against us, our customer and several subcontractors of our customer. The suit arose from injuries Keel sustained
in an accident that occurred while he was working on HPIDC Rig 223 in New Mexico in July of 2014. Keel alleged that the defendants were
negligent and negligent    per se   , acted recklessly, intentionally, and/or with an utterly wanton disregard for the rights and safety of the plaintiff and
was seeking damages well in excess of $100 million.   

          On
September 14, 2016, the parties in the    Keel    litigation entered into a global settlement agreement, which was approved by the
court on October 14, 2016. The total settlement amount of $72 million will be paid by the Company and its insurers on behalf of all defendants pursuant to industry standard contractual
indemnification obligations. After taking into account amounts to be paid by the Company's various insurers, $18.8 million was recorded as an operating cost in our U.S. Land segment. At
September 30, 2016, we have recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheet a $72.0 million accrued liability and a $50.2 million accounts receivable from insurance. The settlement
payment is due on or before December 24, 2016.    

Item 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES            

Not applicable.   

  30  

Table of Contents   

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY            

          The following table sets forth the names and ages of our executive officers, together with all positions and offices held by such executive
officers with the Company or the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. Except as noted below, all positions and offices held are with the
Company. Officers are elected to serve until the meeting of the Board of Directors following the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their successors have been duly elected and have
qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal.   

31  

Table of Contents    

PART II            

Item 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES            

Market Information      

The principal market on which our common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "HP". As of November 11, 2016,
there were 592 record holders of our common stock as listed by our transfer agent's records. The high and low sale prices per share for the common stock for each quarterly period during the past two
fiscal years as reported in the NYSE-Composite Transaction quotations follow:   

Dividends      

We paid quarterly cash dividends during the past two fiscal years as shown in the table below. Payment of future dividends will depend on
earnings and other factors.   

32  

Table of Contents   

Performance Graph      

The following performance graph reflects the yearly percentage change in our cumulative total stockholder return on common stock as compared
with the cumulative total return on the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Oil   Gas Drilling Index. All cumulative returns assume an initial investment of $100, the reinvestment of
dividends and are calculated on a fiscal year basis ending on September 30 of each year.   

The
above performance graph and related information shall not be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the
Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such a filing.   

  33  

Table of Contents   

Item 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA            

          The following table summarizes selected financial information and should be read in conjunction with Item 7 "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" included in this Form 10-K.   

Five-year Summary of Selected Financial Data+            

+    Results
for 2015 and prior periods have been changed due to the change in reporting year-end for our international subsidiaries from August 31 to
September 30 effective October 1, 2015.
      *    Total
assets for all years include amounts related to discontinued operations. Our Venezuelan subsidiary was classified as discontinued operations on June 30,
2010, after the seizure of our drilling assets in that country by the Venezuelan government.
      ^    Total
assets and Long-term debt for 2014 and prior periods restated to reflect the retrospective adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-03
"   Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs"    issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board in April 2015.     

34  

Table of Contents   

Item 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS            

Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements     

          The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Part I of this Form 10-K as well as the Consolidated Financial
Statements and related notes thereto included in Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. Our future operating results may be affected by
various trends and factors which are beyond our control. These include, among other factors, fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices, unexpected expiration or termination of drilling contracts,
currency exchange gains and losses, expropriation of real and personal property, changes in general economic conditions, disruptions to the global credit markets, rapid or unexpected changes in
technologies, risks of foreign operations, uninsured risks, changes in domestic and foreign policies, laws and regulations and uncertain business conditions that affect our businesses. Accordingly,
past results and trends should not be used by investors to anticipate future results or trends.   

          With
the exception of historical information, the matters discussed in Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations include forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements are based on various assumptions. We caution that, while we believe such assumptions to be reasonable and make them in good faith, assumed facts almost
always vary from actual results. The differences between assumed facts and actual results can be material. We are including this cautionary statement to take advantage of the "safe harbor" provisions
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any forward-looking statements made by us or persons acting on our behalf. The factors identified in this cautionary statement and those
factors discussed under Item 1A "Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K are important factors (but not necessarily inclusive of all important factors) that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us or persons acting on our behalf. Except as required by law, we undertake no duty to update or revise our
forward-looking statements based on changes of internal estimates or expectations or otherwise.   

Executive Summary     

          Helmerich   Payne, Inc. is primarily a contract drilling company with a total fleet of 395 drilling rigs at
September 30, 2016. Our contract drilling segments consist of the U.S. Land segment with 348 rigs, the Offshore segment with nine offshore platform rigs and the International Land
segment with 38 rigs at September 30, 2016. During fiscal 2016, we placed into service ten new FlexRigs and completed another five new FlexRigs. At the close of fiscal 2016, we had 118
contracted rigs, compared to 168 contracted rigs at the same time during the prior year. During fiscal years 2015 and 2016, the drilling industry experienced significant declines in activity as over
1,400 drilling rigs were idled in the U.S. This decline caused dramatic reductions in personnel and investment in the industry and significantly impacted financial results across oilfield services and
other companies. Nevertheless, late in fiscal 2016 we began to see the U.S. land active rig count increase and customers increasing their drilling budgets. Throughout the downturn, our long-term
strategy remained focused on innovation, technology, safety and customer satisfaction. We believe that our advanced rig fleet, financial strength, long-term contract backlog, strong customer base, and
best-in-class reputation position us very well to effectively manage the Company during these challenging times and take advantage of opportunities that lie ahead.   

Prior
to October 1, 2015, for financial reporting purposes, fiscal years of our foreign operations ended on August 31 to facilitate reporting of consolidated results,
resulting in a one-month reporting lag when compared to the remainder of the Company. Starting October 1, 2015, the reporting year-end of these foreign operations was changed from
August 31 to September 30 eliminating the previously existing one-month reporting lag. Accordingly, the results of operations that follow have been changed   

  35  

Table of Contents   

  to
reflect the period-specific effects of this change. (See Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding this change.)   

          Our
Venezuelan subsidiary was classified as discontinued operations on June 30, 2010, after the seizure of our drilling assets in that country by the Venezuelan government. Except
as specifically discussed, the following results of operations pertain only to our continuing operations. Unless otherwise indicated, references to 2016, 2015 and 2014 in the following discussion are
referring to fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014.   

Results of Operations     

          All per share amounts included in the Results of Operations discussion are stated on a diluted basis. Our net loss for 2016 was
$56.8 million ($0.54 loss per share), compared with net income of $420.4 million ($3.85 per share) for 2015 and $706.6 million ($6.44 per share) for 2014. Included in our 2016 net
loss is an after-tax loss of $15.9 million ($0.15 loss per share) from an other-than-temporary impairment of our marketable equity security position in Atwood Oceanics, Inc. ("Atwood").
Net loss in 2016 also includes an after-tax loss of $12.0 million ($0.11 loss per share) from the settlement of litigation. Our 2014 net income includes after-tax gains from the sale of
investment securities of $27.8 million ($0.25 per share). Net loss in 2016 includes after-tax gains from the sale of assets of $6.1 million ($0.06 per share) while net income in 2015 and
2014 include after-tax gains from the sale of assets of $7.4 million ($0.07 per share) and $12.1 million ($0.11 per share), respectively. Net loss in 2016 includes a $3.8 million
loss ($0.04 loss per share) from discontinued operations.   

          Consolidated
operating revenues were $1.6 billion in 2016, $3.2 billion in 2015 and $3.7 billion in 2014. As oil prices steeply declined during 2015 and remained low
during 2016, customers aggressively reduced drilling budgets. As a result, we experienced a significant decline in rig activity. The number of revenue days in our U.S. Land segment totaled 36,984 in
2016, compared to 75,866 in 2015 and 100,638 in 2014. Our U.S. land rig utilization was 30 percent in 2016, 62 percent in 2015 and 86 percent in 2014. The average number of U.S.
land rigs available was 339 rigs in 2016, 336 rigs in 2015 and 319 rigs in 2014. Revenue in the Offshore segment decreased in 2016 from 2015 as several rigs moved to lower pricing
while on standby and one less average rig operated in 2016 compared to 2015. Rig utilization for offshore rigs was 82 percent in 2016, compared to 93 percent in 2015 and
89 percent in 2014. The International Land segment has also been affected by the decline in oil prices causing revenue days to decline to 5,364 in 2016 from 7,284 in 2015 and 8,262 in 2014. Rig
utilization in our International Land segment was 39 percent in 2016, 51 percent in 2015 and 74 percent in 2014.   

In
2016, we recorded a $26.0 million other-than-temporary impairment charge as our marketable equity security position in Atwood remained in a loss position during most of the
fiscal year. Atwood is in the offshore drilling industry which has been severely impacted by the downturn in the energy sector. In 2014, we had $45.2 million in gains from the sale of
investment securities. Interest and dividend income was $3.2 million, $5.8 million and $1.5 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The higher income in 2015 was primarily
the result of Atwood declaring dividends during 2015. Those dividends ceased in early 2016.   

Direct
operating costs in 2016 were $898.8 million or 55 percent of operating revenues, compared with $1.7 billion or 54 percent of operating revenues in 2015
and $2.0 billion or 54 percent of operating revenues in 2014.   

          Depreciation
expense was $598.6 million in 2016, $608.0 million in 2015 and $524.0 million in 2014. Included in depreciation are abandonments of equipment of
$39.3 million in 2016, $43.6 million in 2015
and $23.0 million in 2014. Additionally, we recorded impairment charges on rig and rig related equipment of $6.3 million in 2016 and $39.2 million in 2015. Depreciation expense,
exclusive of the abandonments, decreased in 2016 from 2015 by one percent after increasing in both 2015 and 2014 from the previous comparative year due to lower levels of capital expenditures in 2016.
Depreciation   

  36  

Table of Contents   

  expense
in 2017 is expected to decline from 2016 as capital expenditures are expected to continue to decrease. (See Liquidity and Capital Resources.) Abandonments in the three-year period were
primarily due to the abandonment of used drilling equipment in all years and the decommissioning of 23 rigs in 2015 and 9 rigs in 2014.   

As
conditions warrant, management performs an analysis of the industry market conditions impacting its long-lived assets in each drilling segment. The overall down turn in our industry,
primarily caused by low oil and gas prices, served as an impairment indicator and an impairment analysis was performed. Based on this analysis, management determines if any impairment is required. In
2016, we recorded a $6.3 million impairment charge to reduce the carrying value in rig and rig related equipment classified as held for sale to their estimated fair values, based on expected
sales prices. The used drilling equipment is from rigs that were decommissioned from service in prior fiscal periods and written down to their estimated recoverable value at the time of
decommissioning. The impairment charge is not expected to have an impact on our liquidity or debt covenants. In 2015, we recorded $39.2 million of impairment charges to reduce the carrying
values of seven SCR rigs in our International Land segment to their estimated fair value. In 2014, no impairment was recorded. Six of the seven international rigs impaired in 2015 along with
other rig related assets were classified as held for sale at September 30, 2016. We plan to sell these assets in their current condition.   

          General
and administrative expenses totaled $146.2 million in 2016, $134.7 million in 2015 and $135.3 million in 2014. Contributing to the increase in 2016 from 2015
were expenses related to employee work force reductions including employee severance expenses, additional pension expense and additional employer match to our 401(k)/Employee Thrift Plan due to a
partial plan termination status whereby affected participants were fully vested in their 401(k) accounts.   

          Interest
expense net of amounts capitalized totaled $22.9 million in 2016, $15.0 million in 2015 and $4.7 million in 2014. Interest expense is primarily attributable
to fixed-rate debt outstanding. Interest expense increased in 2016 from 2015 and in 2015 from 2014 primarily due to the issuance of $500 million unsecured senior notes in March 2015.
Capitalized interest was $2.8 million, $7.0 million and $7.7 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. All of the capitalized interest is attributable to our rig construction
program.   

          We
had an income tax benefit of $19.7 million in 2016 compared to income tax expense of $241.4 million in 2015 and $388.0 million in 2014. The effective income tax
rate was 27.1 percent in 2016 compared to 36.5 percent in 2015 and 35.4 percent in 2014. Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between the financial
reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities. Recoverability of any tax assets are evaluated and necessary allowances are provided. The carrying value of the net deferred tax assets
is based on management's judgments using certain estimates and assumptions that we will be able to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions to realize the benefits of
such assets. If these estimates and related assumptions change in the future, additional valuation allowances may be recorded against the deferred tax assets resulting in additional income tax expense
in the future. (See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional income tax disclosures.)   

          During
2016, 2015 and 2014, we incurred $10.3 million, $16.1 million and $15.9 million, respectively, of research and development expenses primarily related to the
ongoing development of the rotary steerable system tools. We anticipate research and development expenses to continue during 2017.   

          Expenses
incurred within the country of Venezuela are reported as discontinued operations. In March 2016, the Venezuelan government implemented the previously announced plans for a new
foreign currency exchange system. The implementation of this system resulted in a reported loss from discontinued operations of $3.8 million in fiscal 2016, all of which corresponds to the
Company's former operations in Venezuela.   

  37  

Table of Contents    

          Our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. and Helmerich   Payne de Venezuela, C.A., filed a lawsuit in the
United States District Court for the District of Columbia on September 23, 2011 against the Venezuelan government, Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A. and PDVSA Petroleo, S.A. Our subsidiaries seek
damages for the taking of their Venezuelan drilling business in violation of international law and for breach of contract. While there exists the possibility of realizing a recovery, we are currently
unable to determine the timing or amounts we may receive, if any, or the likelihood of recovery. No gain contingencies are recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements.   

          The
following tables summarize operations by reportable operating segment.   

Comparison of the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     

Operating statistics for per day revenue, expense and margin do not include reimbursements of "out-of-pocket" expenses of $82,337 and $231,528 for 2016 and 2015,
respectively.   

   Rig utilization in 2016 excludes four FlexRigs completed and ready for delivery at September 30, 2016.   

Operating
income in the U.S. Land segment decreased to $74.1 million in 2016 from $698.4 million in 2015. Included in U.S. land revenues for 2016 and 2015 is approximately
$219.0 million and $203.6 million, respectively, from early termination of fixed-term contracts.   

          Excluding
early termination related revenue, the average revenue per day for 2016 decreased by $2,080 to $25,448 from $27,528 in 2015. Low oil prices have continued to have a negative
effect on customer spending. Some customers did not renew expiring contracts while others elected to terminate fixed-term contracts early. As a result, we experienced a 51 percent decrease in
revenue days when comparing 2016 to 2015. Fixed-term contracts customarily provide for termination at the election of the customer, with an early termination payment to be paid to us if a contract is
terminated prior to the expiration of the fixed term (except in limited circumstances including sustained unacceptable performance by us).   

          Direct
operating expenses as a percentage of revenue were 49 percent in 2016 and 50 percent in 2015. In September 2016, we entered into a settlement agreement, subsequently
approved by the court, regarding a lawsuit filed by an employee who was injured while working on a U.S. land rig. After   

  38  

Table of Contents   

  taking
into account amounts to be paid by our various insurers, we recorded an $18.8 million expense which reduced operating income and negatively impacted the average rig expense per day by
$508. (See Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure regarding this lawsuit.)   

Depreciation
includes charges for abandoned equipment of $38.8 million and $42.6 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Included in abandonments in 2016 is the retirement
of used drilling equipment. Included in abandonments in 2015 is the decommissioning of 23 SCR rigs, including six conventional rigs, six FlexRig1s and 11 FlexRig2s, and spare equipment for drilling
rigs. We recorded in fiscal 2016 a $6.3 million impairment charge to reduce the carrying value in rig and rig related equipment classified as held for sale to their estimated fair values, based
on expected sales prices. The used drilling equipment is from rigs that were decommissioned from service in prior fiscal periods and written down to their estimated recoverable value at the time of
decommissioning. Excluding the abandonment, depreciation in 2016 decreased from 2015, primarily due to low levels of capital expenditures in 2016 and the decommissioning of rigs in 2015. We anticipate
depreciation expense to decline in fiscal 2017 as capital expenditures are expected to continue to decrease in fiscal 2017.   

          Rig
utilization decreased to 30 percent in 2016 from 62 percent in 2015. The total number of rigs at September 30, 2016 was 348 compared to 343 rigs at
September 30, 2015. The net increase is due to five new FlexRigs completed in 2016 and included in our operating statistics. We have two FlexRigs expected to be delivered to the field in the
first quarter of 2017.   

          At
September 30, 2016, 95 out of 348 existing rigs in the U.S. Land segment were generating revenue. Of the 95 rigs generating revenue, 72 were under fixed-term contracts, and 23
were working in the spot market. At November 17, 2016, the number of existing rigs under fixed-term contracts in the segment was 72 and the number of rigs working in the spot market was 33.   

Comparison of the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     

Operating statistics for per day revenue, expense and margin do not include reimbursements of "out-of-pocket" expenses of $23,138 and $33,254 for 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The operating statistics only include rigs owned by us and exclude offshore platform management and labor service contracts and currency revaluation expense.   

Average
rig revenue per day, average rig expense per day and average rig margin per day decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to several rigs moving to lower pricing while on
standby or other special dayrates.   

  39  

Table of Contents   

          At
September 30, 2016 seven of our nine platform rigs were contracted compared to eight at September 30, 2015.   

Comparison of the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     

Operating statistics for per day revenue, expense and margin do not include reimbursements of "out-of-pocket" expenses of $20,458 and $37,420 for 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Also excluded are the effects of currency revaluation income and expense.   

The
International Land segment had an operating loss of $14.1 million for 2016 compared to $7.1 million for 2015. Included in International land revenues in 2015 is
approximately $18.7 million related to early termination of fixed-term contracts.   

          Excluding
early termination per day revenue of $2,566 in 2015, the average rig margin per day for 2016 compared to 2015 increased by $468 to $10,406. Low oil prices have continued to
have a negative effect on customer spending. As a result, we experienced a 26 percent decrease in revenue days when comparing 2016 to 2015. The average number of active rigs was 14.7 during
2016 compared to 20.0 during 2015.   

          The
average rig expense per day decreased $6,210 or 18 percent as compared to the 2015 average rig expense that was impacted by expenses on rigs that had become idle and other
costs associated with rigs transitioning between locations.   

          During
the fourth fiscal quarter of 2015, we recorded a $39.2 million impairment charge to reduce the carrying values of seven SCR rigs located in our International Land segment
to their estimated fair value. Six of these rigs along with other rig related assets were classified as held for sale at September 30, 2016. We plan to sell these assets in their current
condition.   

          Included
in direct operating expenses for 2016 is $9.8 million of foreign currency transaction losses, primarily due to a devaluation of the Argentine peso in December 2015.   

  40  

Table of Contents   

Comparison of the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014     

Operating statistics for per day revenue, expense and margin do not include reimbursements of "out-of-pocket" expenses of $231,528 and $262,532 for 2015 and 2014,
respectively.   

   Rig utilization in 2015 excludes nine FlexRigs completed and ready for delivery at September 30, 2015.   

Operating
income in the U.S. Land segment decreased to $698.4 million in 2015 from $1.0 billion in 2014 primarily due to a decrease in revenue days and the decommissioning
of 23 rigs. Included in U.S. land revenues for 2015 and 2014 is approximately $203.6 million and $11.7 million, respectively, from early termination of fixed-term contracts. Excluding
early termination related revenue, the average revenue per day for 2015 decreased by $550 to $27,528 from $28,078 in 2014 which was also a factor in the decrease of operating income during the
comparative periods. Direct operating expenses as a percentage of revenue were 50 percent in 2015 and 51 percent in 2014.   

          Rig
utilization decreased to 62 percent in 2015 from 86 percent in 2014. The total number of rigs at September 30, 2015 was 343 compared to 329 rigs at
September 30, 2014. The net increase is due to 30 new FlexRigs completed and placed into service, nine new FlexRigs completed and ready for delivery, five FlexRigs transferred to the
International Land segment, two FlexRigs transferred from the International Land segment, one conventional rig transferred from the International Land segment and 23 older rigs removed from service.   

Depreciation
includes charges for abandoned equipment of $42.6 million and $21.5 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. Included in abandonments in 2015 is the
decommissioning of 23 SCR rigs, including six conventional rigs, six FlexRig1s and 11 FlexRig2s, and spare equipment for drilling rigs. Included in abandonments in 2014 is the decommissioning of nine
conventional rigs and spare equipment for drilling rigs. Excluding the abandonment amounts, depreciation in 2015 increased 10 percent from 2014 due to the increase in available rigs.   

  41  

Table of Contents    

Comparison of the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014     

Operating statistics for per day revenue, expense and margin do not include reimbursements of "out-of-pocket" expenses of $33,254 and $18,889 for 2015 and 2014, respectively.
The operating statistics
only include rigs owned by us and exclude offshore platform management and labor service contracts and currency revaluation expense.   

Total
revenue and segment operating income in our Offshore segment decreased in 2015 from 2014 primarily due to one rig being idle over half of the year, a contractual decrease in a
dayrate for one rig and several other rigs moving to lower pricing while on standby or other standby-type dayrate. At September 30, 2015 and 2014, eight of our nine rigs were contracted.   

  42  

Table of Contents   

Comparison of the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014     

Operating statistics for per day revenue, expense and margin do not include reimbursements of "out-of-pocket" expenses of $37,420 and $45,258 for 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Also excluded are the effects of currency revaluation income and expense.   

The
International Land segment had an operating loss of $7.1 million for 2015 compared to operating income of $35.1 million for 2014. Included in International land
revenues in 2015 is approximately $18.7 million related to early termination of fixed-term contracts.   

          Excluding
early termination per day revenue of $2,566 in 2015, the average rig margin per day for 2015 compared to 2014 increased by $197 to $9,938. Rigs transferred into the segment
during 2015 and 2014 favorably impacted average rig revenue and revenue per day. The average number of active rigs was 20.0 during 2015 compared to 22.6 during 2014.   

The
average rig expense per day increase was attributable to expenses incurred on rigs that had become idle and other costs associated with rigs transitioning between locations. The
average rig expense in 2015 was also impacted by approximately $690 per day related to a charge for allowance for doubtful accounts.   

          During
2015, the total number of available rigs increased by two due to five FlexRigs transferred from the U.S. Land segment, two FlexRigs transferred to the U.S. Land segment and one
conventional rig transferred to the U.S. Land segment. At the close of 2015 and 2014, we had 15 and 22 rigs working, respectively.   

During
the fourth fiscal quarter of 2015, we recorded a $39.2 million impairment charge to reduce the carrying values of seven SCR rigs located in our International Land segment
to their estimated fair value. The impairment charge did not have an impact on our liquidity or debt covenants.   

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES     

          Our capital spending was $257.2 million in 2016, $1.1 billion in 2015 and $951.5 million in 2014. Net cash provided from
operating activities was $0.8 billion in 2016, $1.4 billion in 2015 and $1.1 billion in 2014. Our 2017 capital spending is currently estimated to be approximately
$200 million, depending primarily on drilling market conditions. This estimate includes capital maintenance requirements, tubulars and other special projects primarily related to further
upgrading our existing rig fleet.   

  43  

Table of Contents   

          Historically,
we have financed operations primarily through internally generated cash flows. In periods when internally generated cash flows are not sufficient to meet liquidity needs,
we will either borrow from available credit sources or we may sell portfolio securities. Likewise, if we are generating excess cash flows, we may invest in short-term money market securities or
short-term marketable securities. In 2015, we invested $45.6 million in short-term investments classified as trading securities. We have reinvested maturities and earnings during 2016 resulting
in short-term investments totaling $44.1 million at September 30, 2016. The investments include U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. Agency issued debt securities, corporate bonds, certificate
of deposit and money market funds. The securities are recorded at fair value.   

          We
manage a portfolio of marketable securities that, at the close of fiscal 2016, had a fair value of $71.5 million consisting of common shares of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. and
Schlumberger, Ltd. The value of the portfolio is subject to fluctuation in the market and may vary considerably over time. The portfolio is recorded at fair value on our balance sheet. During
the fourth quarter of 2016, we determined that the decline in fair value below our cost basis in Atwood was other than temporary. As a result, we recorded a non-cash charge totaling
$26.0 million.   

          During
2016 and 2015, we did not sell any marketable available-for-sale securities. During 2014, we had cash proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale securities of
$49.2 million.   

          Our
proceeds from asset sales totaled $21.8 million in 2016, $22.6 million in 2015 and $30.2 million in 2014. Income from asset sales in 2016 totaled
$9.9 million, $11.8 million in 2015 and $19.1 million in 2014. In each year we had sales of old or damaged rig equipment and drill pipe used in the ordinary course of business.   

          The
Company has authorization from the Board of Directors for the repurchase of up to four million common shares in any calendar year. The repurchases may be made using our cash and cash
equivalents or other available sources. During 2015, we purchased 810,097 common shares at an aggregate cost of $59.7 million, which are held as treasury shares. During 2016 we did not
repurchase any shares of common stock.   

          During
2016, we paid dividends of $2.763 per share, or a total of $300.2 million. We paid $2.75 per share or $298.4 million in 2015 and $2.438 per share or
$264.4 million in 2014. Adjusting for stock splits accordingly, we have increased the effective annual dividend per share every year for well over 40 years.   

          We
had $40 million of senior unsecured fixed-rate notes outstanding that matured in July 2016. The final annual principal repayment of $40 million along with interest was
paid with cash on hand in July 2016.   

          On
March 19, 2015, we issued $500 million of 4.65 percent 10-year unsecured senior notes. The net proceeds, after discount and issuance cost, have been or will be
used for general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures associated with our rig construction program, capital maintenance requirements and other projects. Interest is payable semi-annually
on March 15 and September 15. The debt discount is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. The debt issuance costs are amortized straight-line over the
stated life of the obligation, which approximates the effective yield method.   

          On
July 13, 2016, we terminated our previous $300 million unsecured revolving credit facility with no borrowings, and its $40.3 million of letters of credit were
transferred to a new $300 million unsecured revolving credit facility which will mature on July 13, 2021. The new facility has $75 million available to use as letters of credit.
The majority of any borrowings under the facility would accrue interest at a spread over the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). We also pay a commitment fee based on the unused balance of the
facility. Borrowing spreads as well as commitment fees are determined according to a scale based on a ratio of our total debt to total capitalization. The spread   

  44  

Table of Contents   

  over
LIBOR ranges from 1.125 percent to 1.75 percent per annum and commitment fees range from .15 percent to .30 percent per annum. Based on our debt to total
capitalization on September 30, 2016, the spread over LIBOR and commitment fees would be 1.125 percent and .15 percent, respectively. There is one financial covenant in the
facility which requires us to maintain a funded leverage ratio (as defined) of less than 50 percent. The credit facility contains additional terms, conditions, restrictions and covenants that
we believe are usual and customary in unsecured debt arrangements for companies of similar size and credit quality including a limitation that priority debt (as defined in the agreement) may not
exceed 17.5% of the net worth of the Company. As of September 30, 2016, there were no borrowings, but there were three letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $38.8 million. At
September 30, 2016, we had $261.2 available to borrow under our $300 million unsecured credit facility. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, another letter of credit was issued for
$1.5 million lowering the amount available to borrow to $259.7 million.   

          In
addition to the letters of credit mentioned in the preceding paragraph, at September 30, 2016, we had two letters of credit outstanding, totaling $12 million that were
issued to support international operations. These additional letters of credit were issued separately from the $300 million credit facility discussed in the preceding paragraph and do not
reduce the available borrowing capacity of that facility.   

          The
applicable agreements for all unsecured debt contain additional terms, conditions and restrictions that we believe are usual and customary in unsecured debt arrangements for
companies that are similar in size and credit quality. At September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all debt covenants.   

          At
September 30, 2016, we had 88 existing rigs with fixed term contracts with original term durations ranging from six months to five years, with some expiring in fiscal 2017. The
contracts provide for termination at the election of the customer, with an early termination payment to be paid if a contract is terminated prior to the expiration of the fixed term. While most of our
customers are primarily major oil companies and large independent oil companies, a risk exists that a customer, especially a smaller independent oil company, may become unable to meet its obligations
and may exercise its early termination election in the future and not be able to pay the early termination fee. Although not expected at this time, our future revenue and operating results could be
negatively impacted if this were to happen.   

          Our
operating cash requirements, scheduled debt repayments, interest payments, any stock repurchases and estimated capital expenditures, including our rig upgrade construction program,
for fiscal 2017 are expected to be funded through current cash and cash to be provided from operating activities. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at
current levels.   

          The
current ratio was 4.8 at September 30, 2016 and 4.2 at September 30, 2015. The long-term debt to total capitalization ratio was 9.7 percent at
September 30, 2016 compared to 9.8 percent at September 30, 2015.   

Stock Portfolio Held     

45  

Table of Contents   

Material Commitments     

          We have no off balance sheet arrangements other than operating leases discussed below. Our contractual obligations as of September 30,
2016, are summarized in the table below in thousands:   

(a)    Interest
on fixed-rate debt was estimated based on principal maturities. See Note 3 "Debt" to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
      (b)    See
Note 13 "Commitments and Contingencies" to our Consolidated Financial Statements.     

The
above table does not include obligations for our pension plan or amounts recorded for uncertain tax positions.   

          In
2016, we did not make any contributions to the pension plan. Contributions may be made in fiscal 2017 to fund unexpected distributions in lieu of liquidating pension assets. Future
contributions beyond fiscal 2017 are difficult to estimate due to multiple variables involved.   

          At
September 30, 2016, we had $16.3 million recorded for uncertain tax positions and related interest and penalties. However, the timing of such payments to the respective
taxing authorities cannot be estimated at this time. Income taxes are more fully described in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES     

          The Consolidated Financial Statements are impacted by the accounting policies used and by the estimates and assumptions made by management
during their preparation. These estimates and assumptions are evaluated on an on-going basis. Estimates are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The following is a discussion of the critical accounting policies and estimates used in our financial
statements. Other significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   

             Property, Plant and Equipment        Property, plant and equipment, including renewals and betterments, are stated at cost, while
maintenance and repairs
are expensed as incurred. The interest expense applicable
to the construction of qualifying assets is capitalized as a component of the cost of such assets. We account for the depreciation of property, plant and equipment using the straight-line method over
the estimated useful lives of the assets considering the estimated salvage value of the property, plant and equipment. Both the estimated useful lives and salvage values require the use of management
estimates. Certain events, such as unforeseen changes in operations, technology or market conditions, could materially affect our estimates and assumptions related to depreciation or result in
abandonments. Management believes that these estimates have been materially accurate in the past. For the years presented in this report, no significant changes were made to the determinations of
useful lives or salvage values. Upon retirement or other disposal of fixed assets, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts and any gains or losses are
recorded in the results of operations.   

  46  

Table of Contents    

             Impairment of Long-lived Assets        Management assesses the potential impairment of our long-lived assets whenever events or changes
in conditions
indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Changes that could prompt such an assessment may include equipment obsolescence, changes in the market demand for a specific asset,
periods of relatively low rig utilization, declining revenue per day, declining cash margin per day, completion of specific contracts and/or overall changes in general market conditions. If a review
of the long-lived assets indicates that the carrying value of certain of these assets is more than the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is made to adjust the carrying
value to the estimated fair value of the asset. The fair value of drilling rigs is determined based upon an income approach using estimated discounted future cash flows or a market approach, if
available. Cash flows are estimated by management considering factors such as prospective market demand, recent changes in rig technology and its effect on each rig's marketability, any cash
investment required to make a rig marketable, suitability of rig size and makeup to existing platforms, and competitive dynamics including utilization. Fair value is estimated, if applicable,
considering factors such as recent market sales of rigs of other companies and our own sales of rigs, appraisals and other factors. The use of different assumptions could increase or decrease the
estimated fair value of assets and could therefore affect any impairment measurement.   

          During
the third fiscal quarter of 2016, we recorded a $6.3 million impairment charge to reduce the carrying values in used drilling equipment classified as held for sale in our
U.S. Land segment to their estimated fair value. The rig and rig related equipment fair value was estimated based on expected sales prices.   

Self-Insurance Accruals        We self-insure a significant portion of expected losses relating to worker's compensation, general
liability, employer's
liability and automobile liability. Generally, deductibles range from $1 million to $3 million per occurrence depending on the coverage and whether a claim occurs outside or inside of
the United States. Insurance is purchased over deductibles to reduce our exposure to catastrophic events but there can be no assurance that such coverage will respond or be adequate in all
circumstances. Estimates are recorded for incurred outstanding liabilities for worker's compensation and other casualty claims. Retained losses are estimated and accrued based upon our estimates of
the aggregate liability for claims incurred. Estimates for liabilities and retained losses are based on adjusters' estimates, our historical loss experience and statistical methods that we believe are
reliable. Nonetheless, insurance estimates include certain assumptions and management judgments regarding the frequency and severity of claims, claim development and settlement practices.
Unanticipated changes in these factors may produce materially different amounts of expense that would be reported under these programs.   

          Our
wholly-owned captive insurance company finances a significant portion of the physical damage risk on company-owned drilling rigs as well as international casualty deductibles. With
the exception of "named wind storm" risk in the Gulf of Mexico, we insure rig and related equipment at values that approximate the current replacement cost on the inception date of the policy. We
self-insure a number of other risks including loss of earnings and business interruption, and most cyber risks.   

             Pension Costs and Obligations        Our pension benefit costs and obligations are dependent on various actuarial assumptions. We make
assumptions relating
to discount rates and expected return on plan assets. Our discount rate is determined by matching projected cash distributions with the appropriate corporate bond yields in a yield curve analysis. The
discount rate was lowered to 3.64 percent from 4.27 percent as of September 30, 2016 to reflect changes in the market conditions for high-quality fixed-income investments. The
expected return on plan assets is determined based on historical portfolio results and future expectations of rates of return. Actual results that differ from estimated assumptions are accumulated and
amortized over the estimated future working life of the plan participants and could therefore affect the expense recognized and obligations in future periods. As of September 30, 2006, the
Pension Plan was frozen and benefit accruals were discontinued. As a result,   

  47  

Table of Contents   

  the
rate of compensation increase assumption has been eliminated from future periods. We anticipate pension expense to decrease by approximately $4.7 million in 2017 from 2016.   

             Stock-Based Compensation        Historically, we have granted stock-based awards to key employees and non-employee directors as part of
their compensation.
We estimate the fair value of all stock option awards as of the date of grant by applying the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The application of this valuation model involves assumptions, some of
which are judgmental and highly sensitive. These assumptions include, among others, the expected stock price volatility, the expected life of the stock options and the risk-free interest rate.
Expected volatilities were estimated using the historical volatility of our stock based upon the expected term of the option. The expected term of the option was derived from historical data and
represents the period of time that options are estimated to be outstanding. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the estimated life of the option was based on the U.S. Treasury Strip rate in
effect at the time of the grant. The fair value of each award is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period for awards granted to employees. Stock-based awards granted to non-employee
directors are expensed immediately upon grant.   

          The
fair value of restricted stock awards is determined based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of grant. We amortize the fair value of restricted stock awards to
compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. At September 30, 2016, unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock was $19.2 million. The
cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.1 years.   

             Revenue Recognition        Contract drilling revenues are comprised of daywork drilling contracts for which the related revenues and
expenses are recognized
as services are performed and collection is reasonably assured. For certain contracts, we receive payments contractually designated for the mobilization of rigs and other drilling equipment.
Mobilization payments received, and direct costs incurred for the mobilization, are deferred and recognized over the term of the related drilling contract. Costs incurred to relocate rigs and other
drilling equipment to areas in which a contract has not been secured are expensed as incurred. Reimbursements received for out-of-pocket expenses are recorded as both revenues and direct costs. For
contracts that are terminated prior to the specified term, early termination payments received by us are recognized as revenues when all contractual requirements are met.   

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS     

          In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09,     Revenue from Contracts with
Customers   , which supersedes virtually all existing revenue recognition guidance. In May 2016, accounting guidance was issued
to clarify the not yet effective revenue recognition guidance issued in May 2014. This additional guidance does not change the core principle of the revenue recognition guidance issued by the FASB in
May 2014. Rather, it provides clarification of accounting for collections of sales taxes as well as recognition of revenue (i) associated with contract modifications, (ii) for noncash
consideration, and (iii) based on the collectability of the consideration from the customer. The ASU provides for full retrospective, modified retrospective, or use of the cumulative effect
method during the period of adoption. We have not yet determined which adoption method we will employ. In July 2015, the FASB extended the effective date of this standard to interim and annual periods
beginning on or after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this update on our financial statements.   

          In
July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No 2015-11,    Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   . This update simplifies the
subsequent measurement of inventory. It replaces the current lower of cost or market test with the lower of cost or net realizable value test. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling
prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The new standard should be applied prospectively and   

  48  

Table of Contents   

is
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this
standard to have a material impact on our financial statements.   

          In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,    Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities   . The standard requires entities to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the
equity method at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income. The provisions of ASU 2016-01 are effective for interim and annual periods starting after December 15, 2017.
At adoption, a cumulative-effect adjustment to beginning retained earnings will be recorded. We will adopt this standard on October 1, 2018. Subsequent to adoption, changes in the fair value of
our available-for-sale investments will be recognized in net income and the effect will be subject to stock market fluctuations.   

          In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,    Leases (Topic 842)   . ASU 2016-02 will require organizations that lease
assets referred to as "lessees" to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. Under ASU 2016-02, a lessee
will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Lessor accounting remains substantially similar to current GAAP. In addition,
disclosures of leasing activities are to be expanded to include qualitative along with specific quantitative information. For public entities, ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. ASU 2016-02 mandates a modified retrospective transition method. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of
adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.   

          In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,    Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting   . ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of
awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. For public entities, ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. In June
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,    Financial Instruments Credit Losses   . The ASU sets forth a "current expected credit loss"
(CECL) model which requires companies to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable
supportable forecasts. This replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost and applies to some
off-balance sheet credit exposures. This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. We are currently assessing the impact this standard will have on
our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   

          In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,    Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments    (a consensus of the
Emerging Issues Task Force). The ASU is intended to reduce diversity in practice in presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments by providing guidance on eight specific
cash flow issues. The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted, including adoption during an interim period. We are
currently assessing the impact this standard will have on our consolidated statement of cash flows.   

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK     

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk        Our contracts for work in foreign countries generally provide for payment in U.S. dollars.
However, in Argentina
we are paid in Argentine pesos. The Argentine   

  49  

Table of Contents   

  branch
of one of our second-tier subsidiaries then remits U.S. dollars to its U.S. parent by converting the Argentine pesos into U.S. dollars through the Argentine Foreign Exchange Market and
repatriating the U.S. dollars. In the future, other contracts or applicable law may require payments to be made in foreign currencies. As such, there can be no assurance that we will not experience in
Argentina or elsewhere a devaluation of foreign currency, foreign exchange restrictions or other difficulties repatriating U.S. dollars even if we are able to negotiate the contract provisions
designed to mitigate such risks. In December 2015, the Argentine peso experienced a sharp devaluation resulting in an aggregate foreign currency loss of $8.5 million for the three months ended
December 31, 2015. Subsequent to the devaluation, the Argentine peso stabilized and the Argentine Foreign Exchange Market controls now place fewer restrictions on repatriating U.S. dollars.
These changes have limited our current foreign currency exchange rate risk in Argentina. However, in the future we may incur currency devaluations, foreign exchange restrictions or other difficulties
repatriating U.S. dollars in Argentina or elsewhere which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, assuming we encounter future
foreign exchange restrictions or other difficulties repatriating U.S. dollars in Argentina resulting in a substantial accumulation of Argentine pesos, a hypothetical 10% decrease in the value of our
Argentine pesos relative to the U.S. dollar could result in a $1.8 million decrease in the fair value of our monetary assets and liabilities denominated in Argentine pesos.   

          Estimates
from published sources indicate that Argentina is a highly inflationary country, which is defined as cumulative inflation rates exceeding 100 percent in the most recent
three-year period based on inflation data published by the respective governments. Regardless, all of our foreign operations use the U.S. dollar as the functional currency and local currency monetary
assets and liabilities are remeasured into U.S. dollars with gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions included in current results of operations.   

             Commodity Price Risk        The demand for contract drilling services is derived from exploration and production companies spending
money to explore and
develop drilling prospects in search of crude oil and natural gas. Their spending is driven by their cash flow and financial strength, which is affected by trends in crude oil and natural gas
commodity prices. Crude oil prices are determined by a number of factors including global supply and demand, the establishment of and compliance with production quotas by oil exporting countries,
worldwide economic conditions and geopolitical factors. Crude oil and natural gas prices have historically been volatile and very difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. While current
energy prices are important contributors to positive cash flow for customers, expectations about future prices and price volatility are generally more important for determining future spending levels.
This volatility can lead many exploration and production companies to base
their capital spending on much more conservative estimates of commodity prices. As a result, demand for contract drilling services is not always purely a function of the movement of commodity prices.   

Credit and Capital Market Risk        In addition, customers may finance their exploration activities through cash flow from operations,
the incurrence of
debt or the issuance of equity. Any deterioration in the credit and capital markets, as experienced in the past, can make it difficult for customers to obtain funding for their capital needs. A
reduction of cash flow resulting from declines in commodity prices or a reduction of available financing may result in customer credit defaults or reduced demand for drilling services which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, we may need to access capital markets to obtain financing. Our ability to access capital markets
for financing could be limited by, among other things, oil and gas prices, our existing capital structure, our credit ratings, the state of the economy, the health of the drilling and overall oil and
gas industry, and the liquidity of the capital markets. Many of the factors that affect our ability to access capital markets are outside of our control. No assurance can be given that we will be able
to access capital markets on terms acceptable to us when required to do so, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

  50  

Table of Contents   

          Further,
we attempt to secure favorable prices through advanced ordering and purchasing for drilling rig components. While these materials have generally been available at acceptable
prices, there is no assurance the prices will not vary significantly in the future. Any fluctuations in market conditions causing increased prices in materials and supplies could have a material
adverse effect on future operating costs.   

            Interest Rate Risk        Our interest rate risk exposure results primarily from short-term rates, mainly LIBOR-based, on borrowings
from our commercial
banks. Because all of our debt at September 30, 2016 has fixed-rate interest obligations, there is no current risk due to interest rate fluctuation.   

          The
following tables provide information as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 about our interest rate risk sensitive instruments:   

INTEREST RATE RISK AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands)     

INTEREST RATE RISK AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 (dollars in thousands)     

Equity Price Risk        On September 30, 2016, we had a portfolio of securities with a total fair value of $71.5 million.
The total fair
value of the portfolio of securities was $91.5 million at September 30, 2015. A hypothetical 10% decrease in the market prices for all securities in our portfolio as of
September 30, 2016 would decrease the fair value of our available-for-sale securities by $7.2 million. We make no specific plans to sell securities, but rather sell securities based on
market conditions and other circumstances. These securities are subject to a wide variety and number of market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the fair value of our holdings.
The portfolio is recorded at fair value on the balance sheet with changes in unrealized after-tax value reflected in the equity section of the balance sheet unless a decline in fair value below our
cost basis is considered to be other than temporary in which case the change is recorded through earnings. At November 17, 2016, the total fair value of the remaining securities had decreased
to approximately $68.8 million. Currently, the fair value exceeds the cost of the investments. We continually monitor the fair value of the investments but are unable to predict future market
volatility and any potential impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements.    

Item 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK            

          Information required by this item may be found in Item 1A "Risk Factors" and in Item 7 "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" included in this Form 10-K.   

  51  

Table of Contents    

Item 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA            

           Index to Consolidated Financial Statements            

52  

Table of Contents    

      Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

  The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
Helmerich   Payne, Inc.   

          We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of
operations, comprehensive
income (loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.   

          We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.   

          In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. at
September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.   

          As
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has elected to change its method of accounting to eliminate the one-month lag previously used to
consolidate its foreign operations in 2016.   

          We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Helmerich   Payne, Inc.'s internal control over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 23, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   

/s/Ernst   Young LLP  

Tulsa,
Oklahoma 
November 23, 2016   

  53  

Table of Contents    

Consolidated Statements of Operations     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   

  54  

Table of Contents    

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   

  55  

Table of Contents    

Consolidated Balance Sheets     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   

  56  

Table of Contents   

Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   

  57  

Table of Contents    

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   

  58  

Table of Contents    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.   

  59  

Table of Contents    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES     

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION   

          The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Prior to October 1, 2015,
for financial reporting purposes, fiscal years of our foreign operations ended on August 31 to facilitate reporting of consolidated results, resulting in a one-month reporting lag when compared
to the remainder of the Company.   

          Starting
October 1, 2015, the reporting year-end of these foreign operations was changed from August 31 to September 30. The previously existing one-month reporting
lag was eliminated as it is no longer required to achieve a timely consolidation due to our investments in technology, ERP systems and personnel to enhance our financial statement close process. We
believe this change is preferable because the financial information of all operating segments is now reported based on the same period-end, which improves overall financial reporting to investors by
providing the most current information available. In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 810-10-50-2, "   A Change in the Difference Between Parent
and Subsidiary Fiscal Year-Ends   ," the elimination of this previously existing reporting lag is considered a voluntary change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC
250-10-50 "   Change in Accounting Principle   ." Voluntary changes in accounting principles are to be reported through retrospective application of the new
principle to all prior financial statement periods presented. Accordingly, our financial statements for periods prior to fiscal 2016 have been changed to reflect the period-specific effects of
applying this accounting principle. This change resulted in a cumulative effect of an accounting change of $2.3 million, net of income tax effect, to retained earnings as of October 1,
2013. Net loss from continuing operations for fiscal 2016 would have been approximately $1.4 million higher absent the accounting change.   

The
impact of this change in accounting principle to eliminate the one-month lag for foreign subsidiaries is summarized below for significant items. Other accounts were minimally
impacted.   

60  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)    

BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

          We
classified our former Venezuelan operation as a discontinued operation in the third quarter of fiscal 2010, as more fully described in Note 2. Unless
indicated otherwise, the information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements relates only to our continuing operations.   

FOREIGN CURRENCIES   

          The
functional currency for all our foreign operations is the U.S. dollar. Nonmonetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical rates and monetary assets and
liabilities are translated at exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. Income statement accounts are translated at average rates for the period presented. Foreign currency gains and losses
from remeasurement of foreign currency financial statements and foreign currency translations into U.S. dollars are included in direct operating costs. Included in direct operating costs is an
aggregate foreign currency loss of $9.3 million in fiscal 2016, a transaction gain of $1.6 million in fiscal 2015 and a transaction loss of $0.4 million in fiscal 2014.   

USE OF ESTIMATES   

          The
preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.   

RECENTLY ADOPTED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS   

          In
November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-17,    Income Taxes
(Topic 740), Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes    requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet instead of
separating deferred taxes into current and noncurrent amounts. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, however, we
elected to early adopt effective October 1, 2015 prospectively. As a result of the adoption, we will no longer have deferred income taxes as a current asset in our Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Prior year balances were not retrospectively adjusted.   

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS   

          Cash
equivalents consist of investments in short-term, highly liquid securities having original maturities of three months or less. The carrying values of these assets
approximate their fair values. We primarily utilize a cash management system with a series of separate accounts consisting of lockbox accounts for receiving cash, concentration accounts, and several
"zero-balance" disbursement accounts   

  61  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)    

  for
funding payroll and accounts payable. As a result of our cash management system, checks issued, but not presented to the banks for payment, may create negative book cash balances.   

RESTRICTED CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS   

          We
had restricted cash and cash equivalents of $29.6 million and $32.0 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The cash is restricted
for the purpose of potential insurance claims in our wholly-owned captive insurance company. Of the total at September 30, 2016, $2.0 million is from the initial capitalization of the
captive company and management has elected to restrict an additional $27.6 million. The restricted amounts are primarily invested in short-term money market securities.   

          The
restricted cash and cash equivalents are reflected in the balance sheet as follows:   

INVENTORIES AND SUPPLIES   

          Inventories
and supplies are primarily replacement parts and supplies held for use in our drilling operations. Inventories and supplies are valued at the lower of
weighted average cost or market value.   

INVESTMENTS   

          We
maintain investments in equity securities of certain publicly traded companies. The cost of securities used in determining realized gains and losses is based on the
average cost basis of the security sold.   

          We
regularly review investment securities for impairment based on criteria that include the extent to which the investment's carrying value exceeds its related fair value, the duration
of the market decline and the financial strength and specific prospects of the issuer of the security. Unrealized losses that are other than temporary are recognized in earnings.   

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT   

          Property,
plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Substantially all property, plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line
method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets (contract drilling equipment, 4-15 years; real estate buildings and equipment, 10-45 years; and other, 2-23 years).
Depreciation in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations includes abandonments of $39.3 million, $43.6 million and $23.0 million for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. During fiscal 2016, we abandoned used drilling
equipment removed from service. During 2015 and 2014, we decommissioned 23 idle rigs and 9 rigs, respectively. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to direct operating cost, while
betterments and refurbishments are capitalized.   

          We
lease office space and equipment for use in operations. Leases are evaluated at inception or at any subsequent material modification and, depending on the lease terms, are classified
as either capital   

  62  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)    

  leases
or operating leases as appropriate under ASC 840,    Leases   . We do not have significant capital leases.   

CAPITALIZATION OF INTEREST   

          We
capitalize interest on major projects during construction. Interest is capitalized based on the average interest rate on related debt. Capitalized interest for
fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $2.8 million, $7.0 million and $7.7 million, respectively.   

VALUATION OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS   

          We
review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Changes
that could prompt such an assessment include a significant decline in revenue or cash margin per day, extended periods of low rig utilization, changes in market demand for a specific asset,
obsolescence, completion of specific contracts and/or overall general market conditions. If a review of the long-lived assets indicates that the carrying value of certain of these assets is more than
the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is made to adjust the carrying value down to the estimated fair value of the asset. The fair value of drilling rigs is determined
based upon an income approach using estimated discounted future cash flows or a market approach, if available. Cash flows are estimated by management considering factors such as prospective market
demand, recent changes in rig technology and its effect on each rig's marketability, any cash investment required to make a rig marketable, suitability of rig size and make up to existing platforms,
and competitive dynamics including industry
utilization. Long-lived assets that are held for sale are recorded at the lower of carrying value or the fair value less costs to sell. Fair value is estimated, if applicable, considering factors such
as recent market sales of rigs of other companies and our own sales of rigs, appraisals and other factors.   

          Beginning
in the first fiscal quarter of fiscal 2015 and continuing into fiscal 2016, domestic and international oil prices declined significantly. This decline in pricing resulted in
lower demand for our drilling services. As a result, we performed an impairment evaluation of all our long-lived drilling assets in accordance with ASC 360,    Property, Plant,
and Equipment   . In order to estimate our future undiscounted cash flows from the use and eventual disposal, we developed probability weighted cash flow projections for our rig
fleets. The most significant assumptions used in our analysis are expected margin per day, utilization and expected value upon disposal. We believe the assumptions and estimates used in our impairment
analysis, including the development of probability weighted cash flow projections, are reasonable and appropriate; however, different assumptions and estimates could materially impact the analysis and
resulting conclusions in some cases.   

          During
fiscal 2016, we recorded an asset impairment charge in the U.S. Land segment of $6.3 million to reduce the carrying value in rig and rig related equipment classified as
held for sale to their estimated fair values, based on expected sales prices. The rig equipment is from rigs that were decommissioned from service in prior fiscal years and written down to their
estimated recoverable value at the time of decommissioning. During fiscal 2016, we began actively marketing the equipment. We believe the equipment will be disposed of in under a year. No additional
impairments were identified for any other rigs or rig related equipment in our domestic, international or offshore fleets.   

          During
fiscal 2015, our valuation of long-lived assets resulted in $39.2 million of impairment charges to reduce the carrying value of seven SCR land rigs within our International
Land segment to   

  63  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)    

  their
estimated fair value of $20.6 million which was based on a discounted cash flow analysis. Our discounted cash flow analysis consisted of creating projected cash flows that a market
participant would reasonably develop and then applying an appropriate risk adjusted rate. Six of these rigs along with other rig related assets have been classified as held for sale at
September 30, 2016. We plan to sell these assets in their current condition and it is probable the sale will occur within one year.   

SELF-INSURANCE ACCRUALS   

          We
have accrued a liability for estimated worker's compensation and other casualty claims incurred based upon case reserves plus an estimate of loss development and
incurred but not reported claims. The estimate is based upon historical trends. Insurance recoveries related to such liability are recorded when considered probable.   

DRILLING REVENUES   

          Contract
drilling revenues are comprised of daywork drilling contracts for which the related revenues and expenses are recognized as services are performed and
collection is reasonably assured. For certain contracts, we receive payments contractually designated for the mobilization of rigs and other drilling equipment. Mobilization payments received, and
direct costs incurred for the mobilization, are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related drilling contract. Costs incurred to relocate rigs and other drilling
equipment to areas in which a contract has not been secured are expensed as incurred. Reimbursements received for out-of-pocket expenses are recorded as both revenues and direct costs. Reimbursements
for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $125.9 million, $302.2 million and $326.7 million, respectively. For contracts that are terminated by customers prior to the expirations of
their fixed terms, contractual provisions customarily require early termination amounts to be paid to us. Revenues from early terminated contracts are recognized when all contractual requirements have
been met. Early termination revenue for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was approximately $219.0 million, $222.3 million and $11.7 million, respectively.   

RENT REVENUES   

          We
enter into leases with tenants in our rental properties consisting primarily of retail and multi-tenant warehouse space. The lease terms of tenants occupying space
in the retail centers and warehouse buildings generally range from three to ten years. Minimum rents are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the related leases. Overage and percentage
rents are based on tenants' sales volume. Recoveries from tenants for property taxes and operating expenses are recognized in other operating revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Our
rent revenues are as follows:   

64  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)    

At
September 30, 2016, minimum future rental income to be received on noncancelable operating leases was as follows:   

Leasehold
improvement allowances are capitalized and amortized over the lease term.   

At
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the cost and accumulated depreciation for real estate properties were as follows:   

INCOME TAXES   

          Current
income tax expense is the amount of income taxes expected to be payable for the current year. Deferred income taxes are computed using the liability method and
are provided on all temporary differences between the financial basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities.   

          We
provide for uncertain tax positions when such tax positions do not meet the recognition thresholds or measurement standards prescribed in ASC 740,    Income
Taxes   , which is more fully discussed in Note 4. Amounts for uncertain tax positions are adjusted in periods when new information becomes available or when positions are
effectively settled. We recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in other expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.   

EARNINGS PER SHARE   

          Basic
earnings per share is computed utilizing the two-class method and is calculated based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the
periods presented. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding during the periods utilizing the two-class method for
stock options and nonvested restricted stock.   

  65  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)    

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION   

          Stock-based
compensation expense is determined using a fair-value-based measurement method for all awards granted. In computing the impact, the fair value of each
option is estimated on the date of grant based on the Black-Scholes options-pricing model utilizing certain assumptions for a risk free interest rate, volatility, dividend yield and expected remaining
term of the awards. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based payment awards represent management's best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the
application of management judgment. Stock-based compensation is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the stock awards, which is generally the vesting period.
Compensation expense related to stock options is recorded as a component of general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.   

TREASURY STOCK   

          Treasury
stock purchases are accounted for under the cost method whereby the cost of the acquired stock is recorded as treasury stock. Gains and losses on the
subsequent reissuance of shares are credited or charged to additional paid-in capital using the average-cost method.   

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OR LOSS   

          Other
comprehensive income or loss refers to revenues, expenses, gains, and losses that are included in comprehensive income or loss but excluded from net income or
loss. We report the components of other comprehensive income or loss, net of tax, by their nature and disclose the tax effect allocated to each component in the Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income (Loss).   

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS   

          In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers   , which supersedes virtually
all existing revenue recognition guidance. In May 2016, accounting guidance was issued to clarify the not yet effective revenue recognition guidance issued in
May 2014. This additional guidance does not change the core principle of the revenue recognition guidance issued by the FASB in May 2014. Rather, it provides clarification of accounting for
collections of sales taxes as well as recognition of revenue (i) associated with contract modifications, (ii) for noncash consideration, and (iii) based on the collectability of
the consideration from the customer. The ASU provides for full retrospective, modified retrospective, or use of the cumulative effect method during the period of adoption. We have not yet determined
which adoption method we will employ. In July 2015, the FASB extended the effective date of this standard to interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017. We are currently
evaluating the potential effects of the adoption of this update on our consolidated financial statements.   

          In
July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No 2015-11,    Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   . This update simplifies the
subsequent measurement of inventory. It replaces the current lower of cost or market test with the lower of cost or net realizable value test. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling
prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The new standard should be applied prospectively and is effective for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within   

  66  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)    

  those
annual periods, with early adoption permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.   

          In
January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,    Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities   . The standard requires entities to measure equity investments that do not result in consolidation and are not accounted for under the
equity method at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income. The provisions of ASU 2016-01 are effective for interim and annual periods starting after December 15, 2017.
At adoption, a cumulative-effect adjustment to beginning retained earnings will be recorded. We will adopt this standard on October 1, 2018. Subsequent to adoption, changes in the fair value of
our available-for-sale investments will be recognized in net income and the effect will be subject to stock market fluctuations.   

          In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,    Leases (Topic 842)   . ASU 2016-02 will require organizations that lease
assets referred to as "lessees" to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. Under ASU 2016-02, a lessee
will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Lessor accounting remains substantially similar to current GAAP. In addition,
disclosures of leasing activities are to be expanded to include qualitative along with specific quantitative information. For public entities, ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. ASU 2016-02 mandates a modified retrospective transition method. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of
adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.   

          In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,    Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting   . ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of
awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. For public entities, ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the potential impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.   

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,    Financial Instruments Credit Losses   . The ASU sets forth a "current
expected credit loss" (CECL) model which requires companies to measure all expected credit losses for financial instruments held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current
conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts. This replaces the existing incurred loss model and is applicable to the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost and
applies to some off-balance sheet credit exposures. This standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. We are currently assessing the impact this
standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   

          In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,    Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments    (a consensus of the
Emerging Issues Task Force). The ASU is intended to reduce diversity in practice in presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments by providing guidance on eight specific
cash flow issues. The ASU is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted, including adoption during an interim period. We are
currently assessing the impact this standard will have on our consolidated statement of cash flows.   

  67  

Table of Contents    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

NOTE 2 DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS     

Current assets of discontinued operations consist of restricted cash to meet remaining current obligations within the country of Venezuela. Current and noncurrent liabilities consist of
municipal and income taxes payable and social obligations due within the country in Venezuela.   

          Expenses
incurred for in-country obligations are reported as discontinued operations.   

          In
March 2016, the Venezuelan government implemented the previously announced plans for a new foreign currency exchange system. The implementation of this system resulted in a reported
loss from discontinued operations of $3.8 million in fiscal 2016, all of which corresponds to the Company's former operations in Venezuela.   

NOTE 3 DEBT     

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had the following unsecured long-term debt outstanding at rates and maturities shown in the following table:   

We
had $40 million of senior unsecured fixed-rate notes outstanding that matured in July 2016. The final annual principal repayment of $40 million along with interest was
paid with cash on hand in July 2016.   

          On
March 19, 2015, we issued $500 million of 4.65 percent 10-year unsecured senior notes. The net proceeds, after discount and issuance cost, have been or will be
used for general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures associated with our rig construction program. Interest is payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15. The debt
discount is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. The debt issuance costs are amortized straight-line over the stated life of the obligation, which approximates the
effective interest method.   

          On
July 13, 2016, we terminated our previous $300 million unsecured revolving credit facility with no borrowings, and its $40.3 million of letters of credit were
transferred to a new $300 million unsecured revolving credit facility which will mature on July 13, 2021. The new facility has $75 million available to use as letters of credit.
The majority of any borrowings under the facility would accrue interest at a spread over the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). We also pay a commitment fee based on the unused balance of the
facility. Borrowing spreads as well as commitment fees are determined according to a scale based on a ratio of our total debt to total capitalization. The spread over LIBOR ranges from
1.125 percent to 1.75 percent per annum and commitment fees range from   

  68  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 3 DEBT (Continued)    

  .15 percent
to .30 percent per annum. Based on our debt to total capitalization on September 30, 2016, the spread over LIBOR and commitment fees would be 1.125 percent and
..15 percent, respectively. There is one financial covenant in the facility which requires us to maintain a funded leverage ratio (as defined) of less than 50 percent. The credit facility
contains additional terms, conditions, restrictions and covenants that we believe are usual and customary in unsecured debt arrangements for companies of similar size and credit quality including a
limitation that priority debt (as defined in the agreement) may not exceed 17.5% of the net worth of the Company. As of September 30, 2016, there were no borrowings, but there were three
letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $38.8 million. At September 30, 2016, we had $261.2 available to borrow under our $300 million unsecured credit facility. Subsequent
to September 30, 2016, another letter of credit was issued for $1.5 million lowering the amount available to borrow to $259.7 million.   

          In
addition to the letters of credit mentioned in the preceding paragraph, at September 30, 2016, we had two letters of credit outstanding, totaling $12 million that were
issued to support international operations. These additional letters of credit were issued separately from the $300 million credit facility discussed in the preceding paragraph and do not
reduce the available borrowing capacity of that facility.   

          The
applicable agreements for all unsecured debt contain additional terms, conditions and restrictions that we believe are usual and customary in unsecured debt arrangements for
companies that are similar in size and credit quality. At September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all debt covenants.   

At
September 30, 2016, aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows (in thousands):   

69  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 4 INCOME TAXES     

The components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:   

The
amounts of domestic and foreign income before income (loss) taxes are as follows:   

Deferred
income taxes are provided for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities. Recoverability of any tax assets
are evaluated and necessary allowances are provided. The carrying value of the net deferred tax assets is based on management's judgments using certain estimates and assumptions that we will be able
to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions to realize the benefits of such assets. If these estimates and related assumptions change in the future, additional valuation
allowances may be recorded against the deferred tax assets resulting in additional income tax expense in the future.   

  70  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 4 INCOME TAXES (Continued)    

          The
components of our net deferred tax liabilities are as follows:   

The
change in our net deferred tax assets and liabilities is impacted by foreign currency remeasurement.   

          As
of September 30, 2016, we had state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes of $11.6 million and $94.0 million, respectively, and
foreign tax credit carryforwards of approximately $50.3 million (of which $39.3 million is reflected as a deferred tax asset in our Consolidated Financial Statements prior to
consideration of our valuation allowance) which will expire in fiscal 2017 through 2024. The valuation allowance is primarily attributable to state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of
$1.0 million and $31.1 million, respectively, and foreign tax credit carryforwards of $39.3 million which more likely than not will not be utilized.   

          Effective
income tax rates as compared to the U.S. Federal income tax rate are as follows:   

71  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 4 INCOME TAXES (Continued)    

          Effective
tax rates differ from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35.0 percent primarily due to state and foreign income taxes and the tax benefit from the Internal Revenue Code
Section 199 deduction for domestic production activities. The effective tax rate for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 was significantly impacted by reduced earnings before
taxes, in conjunction with a December 2015 tax law change which resulted in a reduction of the fiscal 2015 Internal Revenue Code Section 199 deduction for domestic production activities.   

          We
recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense, and penalties in other expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of
September 30, 2016 and 2015, we had accrued interest and penalties of $6.8 million and $11.1 million, respectively.   

A
reconciliation of the change in our gross unrecognized tax benefits for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:   

As
of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits includes $3.8 million and $2.9 million, respectively, of
unrecognized tax benefits related to discontinued operations that, if recognized, would not affect the effective tax rate. The remaining unrecognized tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate
if recognized. The liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties are included in other noncurrent liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.   

For
the next 12 months, we cannot predict with certainty whether we will achieve ultimate resolution of any uncertain tax position associated with our U.S. and international
operations that could result in increases or decreases of our unrecognized tax benefits. However, we do not expect the increases or decreases to have a material effect on our results of operations or
financial position.   

          We
file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return, as well as income tax returns in various states and foreign jurisdictions. The tax years that remain open to examination by
U.S. federal and state
jurisdictions include fiscal 2012 through 2015, with exception of certain state jurisdictions currently under audit. Audits in foreign jurisdictions are generally complete through fiscal 2003.   

On
September 13, 2013, the IRS issued final regulations providing guidance on the treatment of amounts paid to acquire, produce or improve tangible property and proposed
regulations providing guidance on the dispositions of such property. The implementation date for these regulations is tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2014. The estimated effect of
the regulations have been included in the fiscal year end 2015 and 2016 tax provision. The implementation of the regulations did not have a significant impact on the overall tax provision.   

  72  

Table of Contents    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

NOTE 5 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY     

The Company has authorization from the Board of Directors for the repurchase of up to four million common shares in any calendar year. The repurchases may be made using our cash and cash
equivalents or other available sources. During fiscal 2015, we purchased 810,097 common shares at an aggregate cost of $59.7 million, which are held as treasury shares. We had no purchases of
common shares in fiscal years 2016 and 2014.   

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   

          Components
of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) were as follows:   

The
following is a summary of the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, by component for the year ended September 30, 2016:   

73  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 5 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (Continued)    

          The
following provides detail about accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) components which were reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Operations during the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

NOTE 6 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION     

On March 2, 2016, the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the "2016 Plan") was approved by our stockholders. The 2016 Plan, among other things,
authorizes the Human Resources Committee of the Board to grant non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards to selected employees and to non-employee Directors. Restricted stock may be
granted for no consideration other than prior and future services. The purchase price per share for stock options may not be less than market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant. Stock
options expire 10 years after the grant date. Awards outstanding in the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "2005 Plan") and the Helmerich  
Payne, Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the "2010 Plan") remain subject to the terms and conditions of those plans. As of November 30, 2015, there were 876,379 non-qualified stock
options and 294,575 shares of restricted stock awards granted under the 2010 Plan during fiscal 2016. Effective March 2, 2016, no further common-stock based awards will be made under the 2010
Plan.   

          A
summary of compensation cost for stock-based payment arrangements recognized in general and administrative expense in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows:   

74  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 6 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)    

          Benefits
of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost of $0.9 million, $3.8 million and $26.6 million are reported as a financing cash flow in the
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.   

STOCK OPTIONS   

          Vesting
requirements for stock options are determined by the Human Resources Committee of our Board of Directors. Options currently outstanding began vesting one year
after the grant date with 25 percent of the options vesting for four consecutive years.   

          We
use the Black-Scholes formula to estimate the fair value of stock options granted to employees. The fair value of the options is amortized to compensation expense on a straight-line
basis over the requisite service periods of the stock awards, which are generally the vesting periods. The weighted-average fair value calculations for options granted within the fiscal period are
based on the following weighted-average assumptions set forth in the table below. Options that were granted in prior periods are based on assumptions prevailing at the date of grant.   

Risk-Free Interest Rate.       The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury securities for the expected term of the option.

Expected Volatility Rate.       Expected volatilities are based on the daily closing price of our stock based upon historical experience over
a period
which approximates the expected term of the option.   

           Expected Dividend Yield.       The dividend yield is based on our current dividend yield.   

            Expected Term.       The expected term of the options granted represents the period of time that they are expected to be outstanding. We
estimate the
expected term of options granted based on historical experience with grants and exercises.   

Based
on these calculations, the weighted-average fair value per option granted to acquire a share of common stock was $13.12, $16.39 and $29.44 per share for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively.   

  75  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 6 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)    

          The
following summary reflects the stock option activity for our common stock and related information for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 (shares in thousands):   

The
following table summarizes information about stock options at September 30, 2016 (shares in thousands):   

At
September 30, 2016, the weighted-average remaining life of exercisable stock options was 4.3 years and the aggregate intrinsic value was $47.9 million with a
weighted-average exercise price of $46.66 per share.   

          The
number of options vested or expected to vest at September 30, 2016 was 3,284,246 with an aggregate intrinsic value of $54.8 million and a weighted-average exercise
price of $51.69 per share.   

          As
of September 30, 2016, the unrecognized compensation cost related to the stock options was $6.6 million. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
period of 2.7 years.   

          The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $6.3 million, $10.7 million and $100.9 million, respectively.   

          The
grant date fair value of shares vested during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $9.6 million, $8.1 million and $8.8 million, respectively.   

RESTRICTED STOCK   

          Restricted
stock awards consist of our common stock and are time-vested over three to six years. We recognize compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the
vesting period. The fair value of restricted stock awards under the 2010 Plan is determined based on the closing price of our shares on the grant date. As of September 30, 2016, there was
$19.2 million of total unrecognized compensation   

  76  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 6 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)    

  cost
related to unvested restricted stock awards. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.1 years.   

A
summary of the status of our restricted stock awards as of September 30, 2016, and of changes in restricted stock outstanding during the fiscal years ended September 30,
2016, 2015 and 2014, is as follows (shares in thousands):   

(1)    The
number of restricted stock awards vested includes shares that we withheld on behalf of our employees to satisfy the statutory tax withholding requirements.    

NOTE 7 EARNINGS PER SHARE     

ASC 260,    Earnings per Share   , requires companies to treat unvested share-based payment awards that have non-forfeitable rights to dividend
or dividend equivalents as a separate class of securities in calculating earnings per share. We have granted and expect to continue to grant to employees restricted stock grants that contain
non-forfeitable rights to dividends. Such grants are considered participating securities under ASC 260. As such, we are required to include these grants in the calculation of our basic earnings per
share and calculate basic earnings per share using the two-class method. The two-class method of computing earnings per share is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share for
each class of common stock and participating security according to dividends declared (or accumulated) and participation rights in undistributed earnings.   

          Basic
earnings per share is computed utilizing the two-class method and is calculated based on weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the periods presented.   

Diluted
earnings per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding during the periods utilizing the two-class method for stock
options and nonvested restricted stock.   

  77  

Table of Contents    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

NOTE 7 EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)     

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share:   

We
had a net loss for fiscal 2016. Accordingly, our diluted earnings per share calculation for fiscal 2016 was equivalent to our basic earnings per share calculation since diluted
earnings per share excluded any assumed exercise of equity awards. These were excluded because they were deemed to be   

  78  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 7 EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)    

  anti-dilutive,
meaning their inclusion would have reduced the reported net loss per share in the applicable period.   

The
following shares attributable to outstanding equity awards were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive:   

NOTE 8 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT     

The estimated fair value of our available-for-sale securities is primarily based on market quotes. The following is a summary of available-for-sale securities, which excludes assets held
in a Non-qualified Supplemental Savings Plan:   

On
an ongoing basis we evaluate the marketable equity securities to determine if any decline in fair value below cost is other-than-temporary. If a decline in fair value below cost is
determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded and a new cost basis established. We review several factors to determine whether a loss is other-than-temporary. These factors
include, but are not limited to, (i) the length of time a security is in an unrealized loss position, (ii) the extent to which fair value is less than cost, (iii) the financial
condition and near-term prospects of the issuer and (iv) our intent and ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. The
cost of securities used in determining realized gains and losses is based on the average cost basis of the security sold. One of our securities was in an unrealized loss position for under
30 days at September 30, 2015 and then dropped below cost again in December 2015 and continued to be in a loss position through fiscal 2016. The security represents a company that is in
the offshore drilling industry which has been severely impacted by the downturn in the energy sector. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we determined the loss was other-than-temporary. As a
result, we recognized a $26.0 million other-than-temporary impairment charge.   

During
fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, we did not sell any marketable equity available-for-sale securities. During fiscal 2014, marketable equity available-for-sale securities with a fair
value at the date of sales of $49.2 million were sold. The gross realized gain on such sales of available-for-sale securities totaled $45.2 million. All of the gains from
available-for-sale securities are included in gain from sale of investment securities in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.   

  79  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 8 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Continued)    

The
assets held in a Non-qualified Supplemental Savings Plan are carried at fair value which totaled $13.4 million and $12.9 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The assets are comprised of mutual funds that are measured using Level 1 inputs.   

          Short-term
investments include securities classified as trading securities. Both realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading securities are included in other income (expense) in
the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The securities are recorded at fair value.   

          The
majority of cash equivalents are invested in highly-liquid money-market mutual funds invested primarily in direct or indirect obligations of the U.S. Government. The carrying amount
of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value due to the short maturity of those investments.   

          The
carrying value of other assets, accrued liabilities and other liabilities approximated fair value at September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

          Fair
value is defined as the exchange price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the
asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We use the fair value hierarchy established in ASC 820-10 to measure fair value to prioritize the
inputs:  

Level 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can
access at the measurement date.   
            Level 2 Observable inputs, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.    
            Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities. This includes pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs.    

At
September 30, 2016, our financial instruments utilizing Level 1 inputs include cash equivalents, equity securities with active markets, money market funds we have
elected to classify as restricted assets that are included in other current assets and other assets. Also included is cash denominated in a foreign currency that we have elected to classify as
restricted to be used to settle the remaining liabilities of discontinued operations. For these items, quoted current market prices are readily available.   

          At
September 30, 2016, Level 2 inputs include U.S. Agency issued debt securities and corporate bonds measured using broker quotations that utilize observable market inputs.
Also included in level 2 inputs are bank certificate of deposits included in short-term investments or current assets.   

  80  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 8 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Continued)    

          The
following table summarizes our assets measured at fair value presented in our Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016:   

(1)    Represents
the book value as of September 30, 2016 of decommissioned rigs and rig related equipment written down to their estimated recoverable amounts at
September 30, 2016. These assets are included in assets held for sale in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016.     

The
following information presents the supplemental fair value information about long-term fixed-rate debt at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.   

The
fair value for the $500 million fixed-rate debt was based on broker quotes at September 30, 2016. The notes are classified within Level 2 as they are not
actively traded in markets.   

  81  

Table of Contents    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

NOTE 9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS     

We maintain a domestic noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering certain U.S. employees who meet certain age and service requirements. In July 2003, we revised the
Helmerich   Payne, Inc. Employee Retirement Plan ("Pension Plan") to close the Pension Plan to new participants effective October 1, 2003, and reduce benefit accruals for current
participants through September 30, 2006, at which time benefit accruals were discontinued and the Pension Plan was frozen.   

          The
following table provides a reconciliation of the changes in the pension benefit obligations and fair value of Pension Plan assets over the two-year period ended September 30,
2016 and a statement of the funded status as of September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

The
amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands):   

The
amounts recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income at September 30, 2016 and 2015, and not yet reflected in net periodic benefit cost, are as follows (in thousands):   

The
amount recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income and not yet reflected in periodic benefit cost expected to be amortized in next year's periodic benefit cost is a net
actuarial loss of $2.3 million.   

  82  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)    

          The
weighted average assumptions used for the pension calculations were as follows:   

The
mortality table issued by the Society of Actuaries in October 2016 was used for the September 30, 2016 pension calculation. The new mortality information reflects improved
life expectancies and projected mortality improvements.   

          We
did not make any contributions to the Pension Plan in fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2017, we do not expect minimum contributions required by law to be needed. However, we may make
contributions in fiscal 2017 if needed to fund unexpected distributions in lieu of liquidating pension assets.   

          Components
of the net periodic pension expense (benefit) were as follows:   

We
record settlement expense when benefit payments exceed the total annual service and interest costs.   

          The
following table reflects the expected benefits to be paid from the Pension Plan in each of the next five fiscal years, and in the aggregate for the five years thereafter (in
thousands).   

Included
in the Pension Plan is an unfunded supplemental executive retirement plan.   

INVESTMENT STRATEGY AND ASSET ALLOCATION   

          Our
investment policy and strategies are established with a long-term view in mind. The investment strategy is intended to help pay the cost of the Plan while providing
adequate security to meet the benefits promised under the Pension Plan. We maintain a diversified asset mix to minimize the risk of a material loss to the portfolio value that might occur from
devaluation of any single investment. In determining the appropriate asset mix, our financial strength and ability to fund potential shortfalls are considered. Pension Plan assets are invested in
portfolios of diversified   

  83  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)    

  public-market
equity securities and fixed income securities. The Pension Plan does not directly hold securities of the Company.   

          The
expected long-term rate of return on Pension Plan assets is based on historical and projected rates of return for current and planned asset classes in the Pension Plan's investment
portfolio after analyzing historical experience and future expectations of the return and volatility of various asset classes. The target allocation for 2017 and the asset allocation for the Pension
Plan at the end of fiscal 2016 and 2015, by asset category, follows:   

PLAN ASSETS   

          The
fair value of Pension Plan assets at September 30, 2016 and 2015, summarized by level within the fair value hierarchy described in Note 8, are as
follows:   

84  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)    

The
Pension Plan's financial assets utilizing Level 1 inputs are valued based on quoted prices in active markets for identical securities. The Plan has no assets utilizing
Level 2. The Pension Plan's assets utilizing Level 3 inputs consist of oil and gas properties. The fair value of oil and gas properties is determined by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., based
upon actual revenue received for the previous twelve-month period and experience with similar assets.   

The
following table sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of the Pension Plan's Level 3 assets for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:   

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLAN   

          Substantially
all employees on the United States payroll may elect to participate in our 401(k)/Thrift Plan by contributing a portion of their earnings. We contribute
an amount equal to 100 percent of the first five percent of the participant's compensation subject to certain limitations. The annual expense incurred for this defined contribution plan was
$21.6 million, $24.8 million and $32.3 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.   

During
fiscal 2016, we determined that employee workforce reductions which started during 2015 and continued into 2016 due to reduced drilling activity resulted in a partial plan
termination of the 401(k)/Thrift Plan. All affected participants were fully vested in their accounts. As a result of the partial plan termination status, we recorded additional employer contributions
totaling $6.3 million in general and administrative expense.   

  85  

Table of Contents    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

NOTE 10 SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION     

The following reflects the activity in our reserve for bad debt for 2016, 2015 and 2014:   

86  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 10 SUPPLEMENTAL BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION (Continued)    

          Accounts
receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accrued liabilities and long-term liabilities at September 30 consist of the following:   

87  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 11 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION     

Capital
expenditures on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 do not include additions which have been incurred but not
paid for as of the end of the year. The following table reconciles total capital expenditures incurred to total capital expenditures in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:   

NOTE 12 RISK FACTORS     

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT   

          Financial
instruments which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of temporary cash investments, short-term investments and trade
receivables. We place temporary cash investments in the U.S. with established financial institutions and invest in a diversified
portfolio of highly rated, short-term money market instruments. Our trade receivables, primarily with established companies in the oil and gas industry, may impact credit risk as customers may be
similarly affected by prolonged changes in economic and industry conditions. International sales also present various risks including governmental activities that may limit or disrupt markets and
restrict the movement of funds. Most of our international sales, however, are to large international or government-owned national oil companies. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of customers and
do not typically require collateral in support for trade receivables. We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts, when necessary, to cover estimated credit losses. Such an allowance is based on
management's knowledge of customer accounts.   

VOLATILITY OF MARKET   

          Our
operations can be materially affected by oil and gas prices. Oil and natural gas prices have been historically volatile and difficult to predict with any degree of
certainty. While current energy prices are important contributors to positive cash flow for customers, expectations about future prices   

  88  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 12 RISK FACTORS (Continued)    

  and
price volatility are generally more important for determining a customer's future spending levels. This volatility, along with the difficulty in predicting future prices, can lead many exploration
and production companies to base their capital spending on much more conservative estimates of commodity prices. As a result, demand for contract drilling services is not always purely a function of
the movement of commodity prices.   

          In
addition, customers may finance their exploration activities through cash flow from operations, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of equity. Any deterioration in the credit and
capital markets may cause difficulty for customers to obtain funding for their capital needs. A reduction of cash flow resulting from declines in commodity prices or a reduction of available financing
may result in a reduction in customer spending and the demand for drilling services. This reduction in spending could have a material adverse effect on our operations.   

SELF-INSURANCE   

          We
self-insure a significant portion of expected losses relating to worker's compensation, general liability and automobile liability. Generally, deductibles range from
$1 million to $3 million per occurrence depending on the coverage and whether a claim occurs outside or inside of the United States. Insurance is purchased over deductibles to reduce our
exposure to catastrophic events. Estimates are recorded for incurred outstanding liabilities for worker's compensation, general liability claims and claims that are incurred but not reported.
Estimates are based on adjusters' estimates, historic experience and statistical methods that we believe are reliable. Nonetheless, insurance estimates include certain assumptions and management
judgments regarding the frequency and severity of claims, claim development and settlement practices. Unanticipated changes in these factors may produce materially different amounts of expense that
would be reported under these programs.   

          We
have a wholly-owned captive insurance company which finances a significant portion of the physical damage risk on company-owned drilling rigs as well as international casualty
deductibles.   

INTERNATIONAL DRILLING OPERATIONS   

          International
drilling operations may significantly contribute to our revenues and net operating income. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully
conduct such operations, and a failure to do so may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Also, the success of our international operations will be
subject to numerous contingencies, some of which are beyond management's control. These contingencies include general and regional economic conditions, fluctuations in currency exchange rates,
modified exchange controls, changes in international regulatory requirements and international employment issues, risk of expropriation of real and personal property and the burden of complying with
foreign laws. Additionally, in the event that extended labor strikes occur or a country experiences significant political, economic or social instability, we could experience shortages in labor and/or
material and supplies necessary to operate some of our drilling rigs, thereby potentially causing an adverse material effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   

          Estimates
from published sources indicate that Argentina is a highly inflationary country, which is defined as cumulative inflation rates exceeding 100 percent in the most recent
three-year period based on inflation data published by the respective governments. Regardless, all of our foreign operations use the U.S. dollar as the functional currency and local currency monetary
assets and liabilities are   

  89  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 12 RISK FACTORS (Continued)    

  remeasured
into U.S. dollars with gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions included in current results of operations.   

          Because
of the impact of local laws, our future operations in certain areas may be conducted through entities in which local citizens own interests and through entities (including joint
ventures) in which we hold only a minority interest or pursuant to arrangements under which we conduct operations under contract to local entities. While we believe that neither operating through such
entities nor pursuant to such arrangements would have a material adverse effect on our operations or revenues, there can be no assurance that we will in all cases be able to structure or restructure
our operations to conform to local law (or the administration thereof) on terms acceptable to us.   

NOTE 13 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES     

PURCHASE OBLIGATIONS   

Equipment,
parts and supplies are ordered in advance to promote efficient construction and capital improvement progress. At September 30, 2016, we had purchase
commitments for equipment, parts and supplies of approximately $44.0 million.   

LEASES   

          At
September 30, 2016, we were leasing approximately 219,700 square feet of office space near downtown Tulsa, Oklahoma. We also lease other office space and
equipment for use in operations. For operating leases that contain built-in pre-determined rent escalations, rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. Leasehold
improvements are capitalized and amortized over the lease term. Future minimum rental payments required under operating leases having initial or remaining non-cancelable lease terms in excess of a
year at September 30, 2016 are as follows:   

Total
rent expense was $13.5 million, $13.6 million and $12.1 million for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.   

CONTINGENCIES   

          Various
legal actions, the majority of which arise in the ordinary course of business, are pending. We maintain insurance against certain business risks subject to
certain deductibles. With the exception of the matters discussed below which are independently addressed herein, none of these legal actions are expected to have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.   

  90  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 13 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)    

          We
are contingently liable to sureties in respect of bonds issued by the sureties in connection with certain commitments entered into by us in the normal course of business. We have
agreed to indemnify the sureties for any payments made by them in respect of such bonds.   

During
the ordinary course of our business, contingencies arise resulting from an existing condition, situation, or set of circumstances involving an uncertainty as to the realization of
a possible gain contingency. We account for gain contingencies in accordance with the provisions of ASC 450,    Contingencies   , and, therefore, we do not
record gain contingencies and recognize income until realized. The property and equipment of our Venezuelan subsidiary was seized by the Venezuelan government on June 30, 2010. Our wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. and Helmerich   Payne de Venezuela, C.A., filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the
District of Columbia on September 23, 2011 against the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela, Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A. ("PDVSA") and PDVSA Petroleo, S.A. ("Petroleo"). Our
subsidiaries seek damages for the taking of their Venezuelan drilling business in violation of international law and for breach of contract. While there exists the possibility of realizing a recovery,
we are currently unable to determine the timing or amounts we may receive, if any, or the likelihood of recovery. No gain contingencies are recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements.   

          On
November 8, 2013, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana approved the previously disclosed October 30, 2013 plea agreement between our
wholly owned subsidiary, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co., and the United States Department of Justice, United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Louisiana
("DOJ"). The court's approval of the plea agreement resolved the DOJ's investigation into certain choke manifold testing irregularities that occurred in 2010 at one of Helmerich   Payne
International Drilling Co.'s offshore platform rigs in the Gulf of Mexico. We have been engaged in discussions with the Inspector General's office of the Department of the Interior regarding
the same events that were the subject of the DOJ's investigation. We can provide no assurance as to the timing or eventual outcome of these discussions and are unable to determine the amount of
penalty, if any, that may be assessed or the effect of any terms that may be required by an administrative agreement with the DOJ. However, we presently believe that the outcome of our discussions
will not have a material adverse effect on us.   

          On
or about April 28, 2015, Joshua Keel ("Keel"), an employee of Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. ("HPIDC"), filed a petition in the
152 nd  Judicial Court for Harris County, Texas (Cause No. 2015-24531) against us, our customer and several subcontractors of our customer. The suit arose from injuries Keel
sustained in an accident that occurred while he was working on HPIDC Rig 223 in New Mexico in July of 2014. Keel alleged that the defendants were negligent and negligent    per
se   , acted recklessly, intentionally, and/or with an utterly wanton disregard for the rights and safety of the plaintiff and was seeking damages well in excess of
$100 million. Pursuant to the terms of the drilling contract between HPIDC and its customer, HPIDC indemnified most of the co-defendants in the lawsuit, subject to certain reservations. On
September 14, 2016, the parties in the    Keel    litigation entered into a global settlement agreement, which was approved by the court on
October 14, 2016. The total settlement amount of $72 million will be paid by the Company and its insurers on behalf of all defendants pursuant to industry standard contractual
indemnification obligations. After taking into account amounts to be paid by the Company's various insurers, $18.8 million was recorded as an operating cost in our U.S. Land segment. At
September 30, 2016, we have recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheet a $72.0 million accrued liability and a $50.2 million accounts receivable from insurance recoveries. The
settlement payment is due on or before December 24, 2016.   

  91  

Table of Contents    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

NOTE 14 SEGMENT INFORMATION     

We operate principally in the contract drilling industry. Our contract drilling business includes the following reportable operating segments: U.S. Land, Offshore and International Land.
The contract drilling operations consist mainly of contracting Company-owned drilling equipment primarily to large oil and gas exploration companies. To provide information about the different types
of business activities in which we operate, we have included Offshore and International Land, along with our U.S. Land reportable operating segment, as separate reportable operating segments.
Additionally, each reportable operating segment is a strategic business unit which is managed separately. Our primary international areas of operation include Colombia, Ecuador, Argentina, Bahrain,
U.A.E. and other South American and Middle Eastern countries. Other includes additional non-reportable operating
segments. Revenues included in Other consist primarily of rental income. Consolidated revenues and expenses reflect the elimination of all material intercompany transactions.   

          We
evaluate segment performance based on income or loss from operations (segment operating income) before income taxes which includes:  

revenues from external and internal customers   
            direct operating costs   
            depreciation and   
            allocated general and administrative costs    

but
excludes corporate costs for other depreciation, income from asset sales and other corporate income and expense.   

          General
and administrative costs are allocated to the segments based primarily on specific identification and, to the extent that such identification is not practical, on other methods
which we believe to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided.   

Segment
operating income for all segments is a non-GAAP financial measure of our performance, as it excludes certain general and administrative expenses, corporate depreciation, income
from asset sales and other corporate income and expense. We consider segment operating income to be an important supplemental measure of operating performance for presenting trends in our core
businesses. We use this measure to facilitate period-to-period comparisons in operating performance of our reportable segments in the aggregate by eliminating items that affect comparability between
periods. We believe that segment operating income is useful to investors because it provides a means to evaluate the
operating performance of the segments on an ongoing basis using criteria that are used by our internal decision makers. Additionally, it highlights operating trends and aids analytical comparisons.
However, segment operating income has limitations and should not be used as an alternative to operating income or loss, a performance measure determined in accordance with GAAP, as it excludes certain
costs that may affect our operating performance in future periods.   

  92  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 14 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)    

          Summarized
financial information of our reportable segments for continuing operations for each of the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 is shown in the following
table:   

93  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 14 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)    

          The
following table reconciles segment operating income (loss) to income from continuing operations before income taxes as reported on the Consolidated Statements of Operations:   

The
following table presents revenues from external customers and long-lived assets by country based on the location of service provided:   

Long-lived
assets are comprised of property, plant and equipment.   

  94  

Table of Contents    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

NOTE 14 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)     

Revenues from one customer accounted for approximately 11.9 percent, 10.1 percent and 10.7 percent of total operating revenues during the years ended
September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Revenues from another customer accounted for approximately 9.4 percent, 4.6 percent and 2.9 percent of total operating
revenues during the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Collectively, the receivables from these customers were approximately $49.5 million and
$101.3 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

NOTE 15 GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

In March 2015, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. ("the issuer"), a 100 percent owned subsidiary of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. ("parent", "the
guarantor"), issued senior unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of $500.0 million. The notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the parent. No subsidiaries of the parent
currently guarantee the notes, subject to certain provisions that if any subsidiary guarantees certain other debt of the issuer or parent, then such subsidiary will provide a guarantee of the
obligation under the notes.   

          In
connection with the notes, we are providing the following condensed consolidating financial information in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission disclosure
requirements. Each entity in the consolidating financial information follows the same accounting policies as described in the consolidated financial statements. Condensed consolidating financial
information for the issuer, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co., and parent, guarantor, Helmerich   Payne, Inc. is shown in the tables below.   

  95  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 15 GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   (in thousands)            

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   (in thousands)            

96  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 15 GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF INCOME   (in thousands)            

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (in thousands)            

97  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 15 GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF INCOME   (in thousands)            

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (in thousands)            

98  

Table of Contents    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

NOTE 15 GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)     

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS   (in thousands)            

99  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 15 GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEETS (Continued)   (in thousands)            

100  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 15 GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   (in thousands)            

101  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 15 GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)    

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)   (in thousands)            

102  

Table of Contents    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)     

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.     

NOTE 15 GUARANTOR AND NON-GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)     

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)   (in thousands)            

103  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 16 SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)     

(1)    The
fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 has been adjusted for the change in accounting principle to eliminate the one-month lag for foreign subsidiaries as described in
Note 1 of these financial statements. The impact to the fourth quarter was an increase in net loss of $6.4 million and an increase in diluted loss per common share of $0.06. The impact to the first,
second and third quarters of fiscal 2015 have been previously disclosed in our Form 10-Q filings during fiscal 2016.     

The
sum of earnings per share for the four quarters may not equal the total earnings per share for the year due to changes in the average number of common shares outstanding.   

          In
the first quarter of fiscal 2016, net income includes an after-tax gain from the sale of assets of $2.9 million, $0.03 per share on a diluted basis and an after-tax loss
related to currency exchange losses of approximately $5.4 million, $0.05 per share on a diluted basis.   

In
the second quarter of fiscal 2016, net income includes an after-tax gain from the sale of assets of $1.5 million, $0.01 per share on a diluted basis.   

          In
the third quarter of fiscal 2016, net loss includes an after-tax impairment charge, primarily related to used drilling equipment, of approximately $2.9 million, $0.03 per share
on a diluted basis.   

          In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, net loss includes an after-tax gain from the sale of assets of $1.4 million, $0.01 per share on a diluted basis.   

  104  

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)    

    HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.    

NOTE 16 SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) (Continued)    

In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, net loss includes an after-tax loss from an other-than-temporary impairment of available-for-sale securities of $15.9 million, $0.15 loss per
share on a diluted basis.   

          In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, net loss includes an after-tax loss from a litigation settlement of $12.0 million, $0.11 loss per share on a diluted basis.   

          In
the first quarter of fiscal 2015, net income includes an after-tax gain from the sale of assets of $2.6 million, $0.02 per share on a diluted basis.   

In
the second quarter of fiscal 2015, net income includes an after-tax gain from the sale of assets of $1.8 million, $0.02 per share on a diluted basis, and an after-tax
abandonment charge, primarily related to the decommission of 17 SCR powered Flexrigs, of approximately $6.7 million, $0.06 per share on a diluted basis.   

          In
the third quarter of fiscal 2015, net income includes an after-tax gain from the sale of assets of $1.1 million, $0.01 per share on a diluted basis.   

In
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, net income includes an after-tax gain from the sale of assets of $1.9 million, $0.02 per share on a diluted basis, as adjusted.   

  105  

Table of Contents    

Item 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE            

          None.    

Item 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES            

a)    Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    

          As
of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended) as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that:  

our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or
submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms; and    
            our disclosure controls and procedures operate such that important information flows to appropriate collection and disclosure points in a
timely manner and are effective to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, and made known to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
particularly during the period when this Form 10-K was prepared, as appropriate to allow timely decision regarding the required disclosure.

b)    Management's
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.    

          Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that:   

(i)    pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets;
      (ii)    provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and the Board of Directors; and
      (iii)    provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements.    

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   

          Management,
with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
based on   

  106  

Table of Contents   

  criteria
established in the    Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)    issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. This evaluation included review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls, testing of the operating effectiveness of controls and a conclusion on
this evaluation. Although there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016.   

          The
independent registered public accounting firm that audited our financial statements, Ernst   Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over
financial reporting. This report appears below at the end of this Item 9A of Form 10-K.    

c)    Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.    

          There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

   ***     

  107  

Table of Contents    

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm            

  The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
Helmerich   Payne, Inc.   

          We
have audited Helmerich   Payne, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in     Internal Control Integrated Framework   
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the
"COSO criteria"). Helmerich   Payne, Inc.'s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.   

          We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.   

          A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   

          Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.   

          In
our opinion, Helmerich   Payne, Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on
the COSO criteria.   

          We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Helmerich  
Payne, Inc. as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, and our report dated November 23, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.   

/s/ Ernst   Young LLP  

Tulsa,
Oklahoma 
November 23, 2016   

  108  

Table of Contents    

Item 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION            

None.   

PART III            

Item 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE            

          The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions "Proposal 1 Election of
Directors," "Corporate Governance" and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in our definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held
March 1, 2017, to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after September 30, 2016. Information required under this item with respect to executive officers under
Item 401 of Regulation S-K appears under "Executive Officers of the Company" in Part I of this Form 10-K.   

          We
have adopted a Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers. The text of this code is located on our website under "Corporate Governance." Our Internet
address is www.hpinc.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers from this code on our website.    

Item 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION            

The information required by this item regarding executive compensation, as well as director compensation and compensation committee interlocks
and insider participation is incorporated herein by reference to the material beginning with the caption "Executive Compensation Discussion and Analysis" and ending with the caption "Potential
Payments Upon Change-in-Control", as well as under the captions "Director Compensation in Fiscal 2016" and "Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation" in our definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held March 1, 2017, to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after
September 30, 2016.    

Item 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS            

          The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions "Summary of All Existing Equity
Compensation Plans," "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners" and "Security Ownership of Management" in our definitive
Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held March 1, 2017, to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after September 30, 2016.    

Item 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE            

          The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the captions "Corporate
Governance Transactions With Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons" and "Corporate Governance Director Independence" in our definitive Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held March 1, 2017, to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after September 30, 2016.    

Item 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES            

          The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the material under the caption "Proposal 2 Ratification
of Appointment of Independent Auditors Audit Fees" in our definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held March 1, 2017, to be filed with the SEC not
later than 120 days after September 30, 2016.   

  109  

Table of Contents    

PART IV            

           Item 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES            

          1.       Financial Statements   :    Our consolidated financial statements, together with the notes thereto and the report
of Ernst   Young LLP dated November 23, 2016, are listed below and included in Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K.   

2.       Financial Statement Schedules   :    All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or required or
because the required information is contained in the financial statements or included in the notes thereto.   

          3.       Exhibits   .    The following documents are included as exhibits to this Form 10-K. Exhibits incorporated by
reference are duly noted as such.   

110  

Table of Contents   

111  

Table of Contents   

10.14  
     
  Thirteenth Amendment to Office Lease dated October 9, 2015, between ASP, Inc. and Helmerich   Payne, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Annual Report on
Form 10-K to the Securities and Exchange Commission for fiscal 2015, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.15  
      
   Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix "A" to the Company's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed January 26,
2006.  

*10.16  
      
   2012-1 Amendment to Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Securities
and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.17  
      
   Form of Agreements for Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to certain executives: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement, (ii) Incentive Stock Option Agreement,
and (iii) Restricted Stock Award Agreement are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2009, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.18  
      
   Form of Agreements for the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to participants other than certain executives: Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement, Incentive Stock Option
Agreement, and Restricted Stock Award Agreement are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2009, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.19  
      
   Form of Amendment to Nonqualified Stock Option Agreements and Amendment to Restricted Stock Award Agreements for the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to certain executive
officers are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2009, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.20  
      
   Form of Amendment to Nonqualified Stock Option Agreements and Amendment to Restricted Stock Award Agreements for the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to participants other
than certain executive officers are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2009, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.21  
      
   Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix "A" of the Company's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on January 26,
2011.  

*10.22  
      
   Form of Agreements for Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to certain executives: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2012, SEC File No. 001-04221, and (ii) Restricted Stock Award Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended December 31, 2013, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.23  
      
   Form of Agreements for the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to participants other than certain executives: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement is
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2012, SEC File No. 001-04221, and (ii) Restricted Stock Award Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of
the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended December 31, 2013, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

112  

Table of Contents   

*10.24  
     
  Form of Agreements for the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to Directors: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement and (ii) Restricted Stock Award Agreement are
incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2012, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.25  
      
   Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix "A" of the Company's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on January 19,
2016.  

*10.26  
      
   Form of Agreements for Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan applicable to certain executives: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement and (ii) Restricted Stock Award
Agreement.  

*10.27  
      
   Form of Agreements for Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan applicable to participants other than certain executives: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement and (ii)
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement.  

*10.28  
      
   Form of Agreements for Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan applicable to Directors: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement and (ii) Restricted Stock Award
Agreement.  

*10.29  
      
   Supplemental Retirement Income Plan for Salaried Employees of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the
Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.30  
      
   Supplemental Savings Plan for Salaried Employees of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Securities
and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.31  
      
   Helmerich   Payne, Inc. Director Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange
Commission for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.32  
      
   Advisory Services Agreement dated March 5, 2014 between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and Hans C. Helmerich is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on
March 7, 2014, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.33  
      
   Advisory Services Agreement effective March 4, 2015 between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and Steven R. Mackey is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.34  
      
   Amendment to Advisory Services Agreement dated February 28, 2016 between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and Steven R. Mackey is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

10.35  
      
   Confidential Settlement Agreement and General Release of Claims entered into as of October 14, 2016 between Joshua Keel and Helmerich   Payne, Inc., Helmerich   Payne International
Drilling Co., and certain other parties thereto.  

12.1  
      
   Helmerich   Payne, Inc.'s Statement Regarding Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.  

21  
      
   List of Subsidiaries of the Company.  

113  

Table of Contents   

23.1  
     
  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.  

31.1  
      
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.  

31.2  
      
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.  

32.  
      
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

99.1  
      
   Plea Agreement dated October 30, 2013 between Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. and the United States Department of Justice, United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of
Louisiana is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2013, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

101  
      
   Financial statements from this Form 10-K formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

*    Management
or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement.     

Item 16.    FORM 10-K SUMMARY            

          None.   

  114  

Table of Contents    

SIGNATURES            

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized:   

HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.  

By:  
      
   /s/ JOHN W. LINDSAY 

John W. Lindsay,     President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date:
November 23, 2016   

          Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated:   

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ JOHN W. LINDSAY 

John W. Lindsay  
     
  Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  
     
  November 23, 2016  

/s/ JUAN PABLO TARDIO 

Juan Pablo Tardio  
      
   Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  
      
   November 23, 2016  

/s/ GORDON K. HELM 

Gordon K. Helm  
      
   Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer)  
      
   November 23, 2016  

/s/ HANS HELMERICH 

Hans Helmerich  
      
   Director and Chairman of the Board  
      
   November 23, 2016  

/s/ RANDY A. FOUTCH 

Randy A. Foutch  
      
   Director  
      
   November 23, 2016  

/s/ PAULA MARSHALL 

Paula Marshall  
      
   Director  
      
   November 23, 2016  

/s/ THOMAS A. PETRIE 

Thomas A. Petrie  
      
   Director  
      
   November 23, 2016  

115  

Table of Contents   

116  

Table of Contents    

Exhibit Index            

          The following documents are included as exhibits to this Form 10-K. Exhibits incorporated herein are duly noted as such.   

Table of Contents   

Table of Contents   

Exhibit No.    
     
   Description    

*10.19  
     
  Form of Amendment to Nonqualified Stock Option Agreements and Amendment to Restricted Stock Award Agreements for the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to certain executive
officers are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2009, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.20  
      
   Form of Amendment to Nonqualified Stock Option Agreements and Amendment to Restricted Stock Award Agreements for the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to participants other
than certain executive officers are incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2009, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.21  
      
   Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix "A" of the Company's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on January 26,
2011.  

*10.22  
      
   Form of Agreements for Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to certain executives: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2012, SEC File No. 001-04221, and (ii) Restricted Stock Award Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended December 31, 2013, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.23  
      
   Form of Agreements for the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to participants other than certain executives: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement is
incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2012, SEC File No. 001-04221, and (ii) Restricted Stock Award Agreement is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of
the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended December 31, 2013, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.24  
      
   Form of Agreements for the Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan applicable to Directors: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement and (ii) Restricted Stock Award Agreement
are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2012, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.25  
      
   Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Appendix "A" of the Company's Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on January 19,
2016.  

*10.26  
      
   Form of Agreements for Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan applicable to certain executives: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement and (ii) Restricted Stock Award
Agreement.  

*10.27  
      
   Form of Agreements for Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan applicable to participants other than certain executives: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement and (ii)
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement.  

*10.28  
      
   Form of Agreements for Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan applicable to Directors: (i) Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement and (ii) Restricted Stock Award
Agreement.  

*10.29  
      
   Supplemental Retirement Income Plan for Salaried Employees of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the
Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

Table of Contents   

Exhibit No.    
     
   Description    

*10.30  
     
  Supplemental Savings Plan for Salaried Employees of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Securities and
Exchange Commission for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.31  
      
   Helmerich   Payne, Inc. Director Deferred Compensation Plan is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange
Commission for the quarter ended December 31, 2008, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.32  
      
   Advisory Services Agreement dated March 5, 2014 between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and Hans C. Helmerich is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on
March 7, 2014, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.33  
      
   Advisory Services Agreement effective March 4, 2015 between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and Steven R. Mackey is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company's Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

*10.34  
      
   Amendment to Advisory Services Agreement dated February 28, 2016 between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and Steven R. Mackey is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Securities and Exchange Commission for the quarter ended March 31, 2016, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

10.35  
      
   Confidential Settlement Agreement and General Release of Claims entered into as of October 14, 2016 between Joshua Keel and Helmerich   Payne, Inc., Helmerich   Payne International
Drilling Co., and certain other parties thereto.  

12.1  
      
   Helmerich   Payne, Inc.'s Statement Regarding Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.  

21  
      
   List of Subsidiaries of the Company.  

23.1  
      
   Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.  

31.1  
      
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.  

31.2  
      
   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.  

32.  
      
   Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

99.1  
      
   Plea Agreement dated October 30, 2013 between Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. and the United States Department of Justice, United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of
Louisiana is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company's Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2013, SEC File No. 001-04221.  

101  
      
   Financial statements from this Form 10-K formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

*    Management
or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement.     

<EX-10.26>
 2
 a2230277zex-10_26.htm
 EX-10.26

Exhibit 10.26   

HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
     
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   

NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   

Participant Name:       

Date of Grant:       

Shares Subject to Option:  
     
  Expiration Date:  
     
  Option Price:  
     
   Vesting Schedule   

Vesting Dates        

Percent of    Option Exercisable        

%           

%           

%           

%           

%              

NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   
   UNDER THE HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
     
  THIS NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (the  Option Agreement ), is made as of the grant date set forth on the cover page of this Option Agreement (the  Cover Page ) at Tulsa, Oklahoma by and between the participant named on the Cover Page (the  Participant ) and Helmerich   Payne, Inc. (the  Company ).  
     
  W I T N E S S E T H:  
     
  WHEREAS, the Participant is an employee of the Company or an Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company, and it is important to the Company that the Participant be encouraged to remain in the employ of the Company or its Affiliate or Subsidiary; and  
     
  WHEREAS, in recognition of such facts, the Company desires to provide to the Participant an opportunity to purchase Common Shares of the Company, as hereinafter provided, pursuant to the  Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan  (the  Plan ), a copy of which has been provided to the Participant; and  
     
  WHEREAS, any capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the same meanings given them in the Plan.  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and for good and valuable consideration, the Participant and the Company hereby agree as follows:  
     
   Section 1.                 Grant of Option .  The Company hereby grants to the Participant a nonqualified stock option (the  Option ) to purchase all or any part of the number of Shares set forth on the Cover Page, under and subject to the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof for all purposes.  The purchase price for each Share to be purchased hereunder shall be the option price set forth on the Cover Page (the  Option Price ) which shall equal the per-share Fair Market Value of the Shares covered by this Option on the Date of Grant. 
     
   Section 2.                 Times of Exercise of Option .  The Participant shall be eligible to exercise the Option pursuant to the vesting schedule set forth on the Cover Page (the  Vesting Schedule ), subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement having been satisfied.  Upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions, the Participant may exercise the Option on or after the applicable vesting date specified on the Cover Page (the  Vesting Dates ), on a cumulative basis, with respect to a number of Shares determined by multiplying the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Option set forth on the Cover Page by the designated percentage set forth on the Cover Page. 

Section 3.                 Term of Option .  Subject to earlier termination as hereafter provided, the Option shall expire at the close of business on the expiration date set forth on the Cover Page and may not be exercised after such expiration date; provided, however, in no event shall the term of the Option be longer than ten years from the Date of Grant.  Unless vesting is accelerated or extended pursuant to the terms of Section 6, the Option, to the extent unvested, shall be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of employment. 
     
   Section 4.                 Transferability of Option . 
     
  (a)            General .  Except as provided in Section 4(b) hereof, the Option shall not be transferable otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and the Option may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. More particularly (but without limiting the generality of the foregoing), the Option may not be assigned, transferred (except as provided above and in Section 4(b) hereof), pledged or hypothecated in any way, shall not be assignable by operation of law and shall not be subject to execution, attachment, or similar process.  Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition of the Option contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and without effect.  
     
  (b)            Limited Transferability of Option .   The Option may be transferred by the Participant in whole or in part to (i) the ex-spouse of the Participant pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, (ii) the spouse, children or grandchildren of the Participant ( Immediate Family Members ), (iii) a trust or trusts for the exclusive benefit of such Immediate Family Members, or (iv) a partnership in which such Immediate Family Members are the only partners; provided that there may be no consideration for any such transfer and subsequent transfers of the transferred Option shall be prohibited except those in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof.  Following transfer, any Option shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to transfer, provided that for purposes of this Section 4(b) the term  Participant  shall be deemed to refer to the transferee.  The events of termination of employment in the Plan and this Option Agreement shall continue to be applied with respect to the original Participant, following which the transferred Option shall be exercisable by the transferee only to the extent, and for the periods specified in the Plan and this Option Agreement.  No transfer pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Company shall have been furnished with written notice of such transfer together with such other documents regarding the transfer as the Committee shall request. 
     
   Section 5.                 Employment .  So long as the Participant shall continue to be a full-time and continuous employee of the Company, its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or a corporation or a parent or subsidiary of such corporation issuing or assuming an Option in a transaction to which Section 424(a) of the Code applies, the Option shall not be affected by any change of duties or position.  Nothing in the Plan or in this Option Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or its Affiliates or Subsidiaries to terminate the Participant s employment at any time. 
     
   Section 6.                 Vesting of Option on Death, Retirement, Disability or Change in Control .  In the event of the Participant s death after the date Participant becomes eligible for Retirement, 

the Option, to the extent not yet then vested, shall become automatically fully vested.  In the event the Participant voluntarily terminates employment by the delivery to the Company of a written notice of such voluntary termination prior to the Participant s involuntary termination or the Participant terminates employment due to Disability, in each case, following the date he becomes eligible for Retirement, subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Participant shall be eligible to continue to vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule provided that (i) the Participant is continuously employed as a full-time employee through the one-year anniversary of the Date of Grant, (ii) the Participant complies with the requirements set forth in Section 8 below at all times during the remainder of the Vesting Schedule and (iii) the Participant executes and delivers to the Company a compliance certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A indicating the Participant s full compliance with Section 8 on or before November 1 of each year during the remainder of the Vesting Schedule.  The Committee, in its sole discretion, may accelerate, in whole or in part, the vesting of the Option to the extent the applicable Vesting Date(s) has not yet occurred upon the Participant s (i) Disability, (ii) death, (iii) Retirement or (iv) upon a Change in Control.  
     
   Section 7.                 Period of Exercise Upon Termination of Employment .  With respect to Shares subject to the Option for which the applicable Vesting Dates have occurred or for which the Committee has accelerated or extended vesting in accordance with Section 6, the Participant, or the representative of a deceased Participant, shall be entitled to purchase such Shares during the remaining term of the Option if the Participant s employment was terminated as a result of death or Disability or if the Participant voluntarily terminated employment while eligible for Retirement.  If the Participant s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Option, whether vested or unvested, shall cease to be exercisable as of the date of such termination.  If the Participant s employment was terminated for any other reason, the Participant shall be entitled to exercise the Option to the extent vested for a period of three months from such date of termination and the Option shall thereupon terminate. 
     
   Section 8.                 Non-Disclosure and Confidential Information . 
     
  (a)             Confidential Information .  For purposes of this Option Agreement,  confidential information  includes, without limitation, non-public information with respect to the Company s or its subsidiaries  finances, oil and gas drilling processes, costs and pricing, customer contracts, contracts and requirements, vendor or supplier contracts, contracts for other information, compensation structures, recruitment and training policies, operation support and backup facilities, service and product formulas, concepts, data, know-how improvements and strategies, computer programs and listings (whether in source code and/or object code format), software design and methodology, research and development or investigations, marketing strategies, ideas and plans for ongoing or future businesses, new business or other developments, new and innovative service or product ideas, inventions, potential acquisitions or divestitures, business and litigation strategies and future business and litigation plans and any other information or material that is of special or unique value to the Company or its subsidiaries maintained as confidential and not disclosed to the general public (whether through an annual report and/or filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise). 

(b)             Non-Disclosure . 
     
  i.              Participant acknowledges that (A) the Company and its subsidiaries have devoted substantial time, effort, and resources to develop and compile the confidential information; (B) public disclosure of such confidential information would have an adverse effect on the business of the Company and its subsidiaries; (C) the Company and its subsidiaries would not disclose such information to Participant without the agreements and covenants set forth in this Section 8(b) and (D) the provisions of this Section 8(b) are reasonable and necessary to prevent the improper use and/or disclosure of the confidential information.  
     
  ii.             Participant agrees that Participant will not, directly or indirectly, at any time during his or her employment with the Company or a subsidiary or after termination of such employment with the Company or a subsidiary, without the prior written consent of an authorized officer of the Company, disclose confidential information to any third party and/or use confidential information for the benefit of Participant or any third party.  
     
  iii.            Participant agrees that due to Participant s knowledge of the confidential information, Participant would inevitably use and/or disclose that information, in breach of Participant s confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations under this Option Agreement, if Participant worked in certain capacities or engaged in certain activities during Participant s employment with the Company or a subsidiary and for a period of time following the termination of Participant s employment with the Company or a subsidiary, specifically in any position which involves either (i) responsibility and decision-making authority or input at the executive level regarding any subject, (ii) responsibility or decision-making authority or input at any management level in the Participant s individual area of assignment with the Company or a subsidiary or (iii) responsibility or decision-making authority or input that allows for the use of confidential information for the benefit of any person (including Participant) or entity in the oil and gas drilling or other business that develops, provides or markets any products or services that are otherwise competitive with or similar to the products or services of the Company or its subsidiaries (the  Restricted Occupations ).  Therefore, in the event the Participant is eligible for continued vesting pursuant to Section 6, except with the prior written consent of an authorized officer of the Company, during the period of continued vesting following Participant s employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, Participant agrees not to be employed by, consult for or otherwise act on behalf of any person or entity (without regard to geographic location) in any capacity in which the Participant would be involved directly or indirectly in a Restricted Occupation.  In the event the Committee determines in its sole judgment that the Participant has engaged in activities in contravention of this Section 8(b)(iii), Participant s eligibility for continued vesting under Section 6 shall cease and any unvested Options shall be forfeited.  Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting the Company or its subsidiaries from pursuing any other remedies available to the Company or its subsidiaries for the disclosure and/or use of confidential information in violation of Section 8(b)(ii), including, without limitation, injunctive relief and the recovery of damages. Participant acknowledges this commitment is intended to protect the confidential information and is not intended to be applied or interpreted as a covenant against competition.  
     
  (c)             Defend Trade Secrets Act .  Pursuant to Section 7 of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (which added 18 U.S.C.   1833(b) to the United States Code), the Participant acknowledges that the Participant shall not have criminal or civil liability under any 

federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.  Nothing in this Option Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C.   1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such Section. Further, nothing in this Option Agreement or any other agreement between you and the Company shall prohibit or restrict Participant from making any disclosure of information or documents to any governmental agency, legislative body, self-regulatory organization, or the Legal Department of the Company.  
     
   Section 9.                 Suspension or Termination of Awards . 
     
  (a)   This Option Agreement and all rights the Participant, or any person claiming through the Participant, may have under this Option Agreement shall be subject to all applicable policies the Company has established or may establish after the date of this Option Agreement, including without limitation any policy regarding the recoupment of compensation.  
     
  (b)    In any event, if at any time (including after notice of exercise has been delivered) the Committee reasonably believes that the Participant has committed an act of misconduct as described in this subsection (b), the Committee may suspend the Participant s right to exercise or receive any Award pending a determination of whether an act of misconduct has been committed.  If the Committee determines the Participant has committed an illegal act, fraud, embezzlement or deliberate disregard of Company rules or policies (including any violation of the Participant s non-disclosure, non-compete or similar agreement) that may reasonably be expected to result in loss, damage or injury to the Company, the Committee may (i) cancel any outstanding Award granted to the Participant, in whole or in part, whether or not vested or deferred and/or (ii) if such conduct or activity occurs during a Company fiscal year in which there was also an exercise or receipt of an Award, require the Participant to repay to the Company any gain realized or value received upon the exercise or receipt of such Award (with such gain or value received valued as of the date of exercise or receipt).  Cancellation and repayment obligations will be effective as of the date specified by the Committee.  Any repayment obligation may be satisfied in Common Shares or cash or a combination thereof (based upon the Fair Market Value of Common Shares on the day of payment), and the Committee may provide for an offset to any future payments owed by the Company or any affiliate to the Participant if necessary to satisfy the repayment obligation.  The determination regarding cancellation of an Award or a repayment obligation shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee and shall be binding upon the Participant and the Company. 
     
   Section 10.               Method of Exercising Option . 
     
  (a)            Procedures for Exercise .   The manner of exercising the Option herein shall be by written notice to the Secretary of the Company at the time the Option, or part thereof, is to be exercised, and in any event prior to the expiration of the Option.  Such notice shall state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares to be purchased upon exercise, the form of payment to be used, and shall be signed by the person so exercising the Option. 

(b)            Form of Payment .   Payment in full for Shares purchased under this Option Agreement shall accompany the Participant s notice of exercise, together with payment for any applicable withholding taxes.  Payment shall be made (i) in cash or by check, draft or money order payable to the order of the Company; (ii) by delivering unrestricted Common Shares or other equity securities of the Company having a Fair Market Value on the date of payment equal to the amount of the Option Price; (iii) by directing the Company to withhold the number of Shares issued upon exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the aggregate Option Price, provided that the Participant shall pay to the Company (in cash or by check, draft or money order payable to the order of the Company) any remaining balance of the aggregate Option Price not satisfied by such deduction in the number of whole Shares to be issued under this clause (iii); or (iv) a combination thereof.  In addition to the foregoing procedures which may be available for the exercise of the Option, the Participant may deliver to the Company a notice of exercise which includes an irrevocable instruction to the Company to deliver the share certificate representing the Shares being purchased, issued in the name of the Participant, to a broker approved by the Company and authorized to trade in the Common Shares of the Company.  Upon receipt of such notice, the Company shall acknowledge receipt of the executed notice of exercise and forward this notice to the broker.  Upon receipt of the copy of the notice which has been acknowledged by the Company, and without waiting for issuance of the actual share certificate with respect to the exercise of the Option, the broker may sell the Shares or any portion thereof. The broker shall deliver directly to the Company that portion of the sales proceeds sufficient to cover the Option Price and withholding taxes, if any.  For all purposes of effecting the exercise of the Option, the date on which the Participant gives the notice of exercise to the Company, together with payment for the Shares being purchased and any applicable withholding taxes, shall be the  date of exercise.   If a notice of exercise and payment are delivered at different times, the date of exercise shall be the date the Company first has in its possession both the notice and full payment as provided herein. 
     
  (c)            Further Information .   In the event the Option is exercised by any person other than the Participant, notice of exercise shall also be accompanied by appropriate proof of the right of such person to exercise the Option. 
     
   Section 11.               Change of Control .  Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, this Option shall be subject to Section 14 of the Plan. 
     
   Section 12.               Securities Law Restrictions .  The Option shall not be exercisable to any extent, and the Company shall not be obligated to transfer any Shares to the Participant upon exercise of the Option, if such exercise, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, would violate the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) or any other federal or state statutes having similar requirements as may be in effect at that time.  The Company shall be under no obligation to register the Option or the Shares underlying the Option pursuant to the Securities Act or any other federal or state securities laws. 
     
   Section 13.               Payment of Withholding Taxes .  No exercise of the Option may be effected until the Company receives full payment for any required state and federal withholding taxes.  Payment for withholding taxes shall be made in cash, by check, by the Participant surrendering, or the Company retaining from the Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Option, 

that number of Shares (based on Fair Market Value) that would be necessary to satisfy the requirements for withholding any amounts of taxes due upon the exercise of the Option, or by a combination of the foregoing.  Nothing herein, however, shall be construed as requiring payment of withholding taxes at the time of exercise if payment of taxes is deferred pursuant to any provision of the Code, and actions satisfactory to the Company are taken which are designed to reasonably insure payment of withholding taxes when due.  
     
   Section 14.               Notices .  All notices and other communications under this Option Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or given by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon personal delivery or three days after mailing to the respective parties as follows: (i) if to the Company, Helmerich   Payne, Inc., 1437 South Boulder Avenue, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74119, Attn: Secretary of the Company and (ii) if to the Participant, using the contact information on file with the Company.  Either party hereto may change such party s address for notices by notice duly given pursuant hereto. 
     
   Section 15.               Conflicts; Severability .  In the event of any conflicts between this Option Agreement and the Plan, the latter shall control.  Should any provision of this Option Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Option Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Option Agreement. 
     
   Section 16.               No Part of Other Plans .  The benefits provided under this Option Agreement or the Plan shall not be deemed to be a part of or considered in the calculation of any other benefit provided by the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to the Participant. 
     
   Section 17.               Protections Against Violations of Agreement .  No purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, the Option or any of the Shares underlying it in violation of the provisions of this Option Agreement will be valid, and the Company will not transfer any such Shares on its books nor will any such Shares be entitled to vote, nor will any dividends be paid thereon, unless and until there has been full compliance with such provisions to the satisfaction of the Company.  The foregoing restrictions are in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies, legal or equitable, available to enforce said provisions. 
     
   Section 18.               Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver .  The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Option Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 
     
   Section 19.               Participant and Award Subject to Plan .  As specific consideration to the Company for the Award, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Option Agreement as of the day and year first above written.  

HELMERICH     PAYNE, INC., a Delaware corporation           

By:       

COMPANY            

PARTICIPANT               

EXHIBIT A   
     
  Compliance Certificate  
     
   I hereby certify that I am in full compliance with the covenants contained in that certain Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (the  Agreement ) dated as of                , 20     between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and me and have been in full compliance with such covenants at all times during the twelve-month period immediately preceding November 1 of the year designated below. 

Dated:       

HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
     
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   

Participant Name:       

Date of Grant:       

Shares Subject to Restricted Stock Award:  
     
  Expiration Date:  
     
   Vesting Schedule   

Vesting Dates        

Percent of    Award Vested        

%           

%           

%           

%           

%              

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
   UNDER THE HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
     
  THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (the  Award Agreement ), is made as of the grant date set forth on the cover page of this Award Agreement (the  Cover Page ) at Tulsa, Oklahoma by and between the participant named on the Cover Page (the  Participant ) and Helmerich   Payne, Inc. (the  Company ).  
     
  W I T N E S S E T H:  
     
  WHEREAS, the Participant is an employee of the Company or an Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company, and it is important to the Company that the Participant be encouraged to remain in the employ of the Company or its Affiliate or Subsidiary; and  
     
  WHEREAS, in recognition of such facts, the Company desires to provide to the Participant an opportunity to receive Common Shares of the Company, as hereinafter provided, pursuant to the  Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan  (the  Plan ), a copy of which has been provided to the Participant; and  
     
  WHEREAS, any capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the same meanings given them in the Plan.  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and for good and valuable consideration, the Participant and the Company hereby agree as follows:  
     
   Section 1.                 Grant of Restricted Stock Award .  The Company hereby grants to the Participant an award (the  Restricted Stock Award ) of               (    ) Shares set forth on the Cover Page, under and subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof for all purposes. 
     
   Section 2.                 Stock Held by Company .  The Restricted Stock Award shall be evidenced via a book entry registration or the issuance of a stock certificate or certificates as determined by the Company.  As a condition precedent to the book entry registration or the issuing of a certificate representing Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award, the Participant must deliver to the Company a duly executed irrevocable stock power (in blank) covering such Shares represented by the certificate in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.  Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award held by the Company pursuant to this Award Agreement shall constitute issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company for all corporate purposes, and the Participant shall be entitled to vote such Shares and shall receive all cash dividends thereon provided that the right to vote or receive such dividends shall terminate with respect to Shares which have been forfeited as provided under this Award Agreement.  While such Shares are held by the Company and until such Shares have vested on the applicable date set forth on the Cover Page (the  Vesting Date ), the Participant for whose benefit such Shares are held shall not have the right to encumber or otherwise change, sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of such unvested Shares or any interest therein, and such unvested Shares shall not be subject to attachment or any other legal or equitable process brought by or on behalf of any creditor of such 

Participant; and any such attempt to attach or receive Shares in violation of this Award Agreement shall be null and void.  
     
   Section 3.                 Vesting of Restricted Stock Award . 
     
  (a)            Vesting Schedule .  The Participant shall be eligible to vest in this Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the vesting schedule set forth on the Cover Page (the  Vesting Schedule ), subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement having been satisfied.  The Participant shall be vested as of the applicable Vesting Date in the number of Shares determined by multiplying the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award set forth on the Cover Page by the corresponding percentage set forth on the Cover Page.  
     
  (b)            Delivery of Shares .  Reasonably promptly following vesting of a Share, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Participant a certificate (or make a book entry in the Participant s name) evidencing such Share, free of the legend described in Section 13.  
     
   Section 4.                 Term of Restricted Stock Award .  Subject to earlier termination as herein provided, the Restricted Stock Award shall expire at the close of business on the expiration date set forth on the Cover Page and no Share subject hereto may become vested after such expiration date.  Unless vesting is accelerated or extended pursuant to the terms of Section 7, unvested Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award shall be forfeited upon Participant s termination of employment. 
     
   Section 5.                 Nontransferability of Restricted Stock Award .  The Restricted Stock Award shall not be transferable by the Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition of the Restricted Stock Award contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and without effect. 
     
   Section 6.                 Employment .  Nothing in the Plan or in this Award Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or its Affiliates or Subsidiaries to terminate the Participant s employment at any time.. 
     
   Section 7.                 Special Vesting of Restricted Stock Award .  In the event of the Participant s death after the date Participant becomes eligible for Retirement, any and all unvested Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award shall become automatically fully vested.  In the event the Participant voluntarily terminates employment by the delivery to the Company of a written notice of such voluntary termination prior to the Participant s involuntary termination or the Participant terminates employment due to Disability, in each case, following the date he becomes eligible for Retirement, subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Participant shall be eligible to continue to vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule provided that (i) the Participant is continuously employed as a full-time employee through the one-year anniversary of the Date of Grant, (ii) the Participant complies with the requirements set forth in Section 8 below at all times during the remainder of the Vesting Schedule and (iii) the Participant executes and delivers to the Company a compliance certificate in the form attached 

hereto as Exhibit B indicating the Participant s full compliance with Section 8 on or before November 1 of each year during the remainder of the Vesting Schedule.  The Committee, in its sole discretion, may accelerate, in whole or in part, the vesting of the Restricted Stock Award to the extent the applicable Vesting Date(s) has not yet occurred upon the Participant s (i) Disability, (ii) death, (iii) Retirement or (iv) upon a Change in Control.  
     
   Section 8.                 Non-Disclosure and Confidential Information . 
     
  (a)            Confidential Information .  For purposes of this Award Agreement,   confidential information  includes, without limitation, non-public information with respect to the Company s or its subsidiaries  finances, oil and gas drilling processes, costs and pricing, customer contracts, contracts and requirements, vendor or supplier contracts, contracts for other information, compensation structures, recruitment and training policies, operation support and backup facilities, service and product formulas, concepts, data, know-how improvements and strategies, computer programs and listings (whether in source code and/or object code format), software design and methodology, research and development or investigations, marketing strategies, ideas and plans for ongoing or future businesses, new business or other developments, new and innovative service or product ideas, inventions, potential acquisitions or divestitures, business and litigation strategies and future business and litigation plans and any other information or material that is of special or unique value to the Company or its subsidiaries maintained as confidential and not disclosed to the general public (whether through an annual report and/or filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise). 
     
  (b)            Non-Disclosure .  
     
  i.              Participant acknowledges that (A) the Company and its subsidiaries have devoted substantial time, effort, and resources to develop and compile the confidential information; (B) public disclosure of such confidential information would have an adverse effect on the business of the Company and its subsidiaries; (C) the Company and its subsidiaries would not disclose such information to Participant without the agreements and covenants set forth in this Section 8(b) and (D) the provisions of this Section 8(b) are reasonable and necessary to prevent the improper use and/or disclosure of the confidential information.  
     
  ii.             Participant agrees that Participant will not, directly or indirectly, at any time during his or her employment with the Company or a subsidiary or after termination of such employment with the Company or a subsidiary, without the prior written consent of an authorized officer of the Company, disclose confidential information to any third party and/or use confidential information for the benefit of Participant or any third party.  
     
  iii.            Participant agrees that due to Participant s knowledge of the confidential information, Participant would inevitably use and/or disclose that information, in breach of Participant s confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations under this Award Agreement, if Participant worked in certain capacities or engaged in certain activities during Participant s employment with the Company or a subsidiary and for a period of time following the termination of Participant s employment with the Company or a subsidiary, specifically in any position which involves either (i) responsibility and decision-making  

authority or input at the executive level regarding any subject, (ii) responsibility or decision-making authority or input at any management level in the Participant s individual area of assignment with the Company or a subsidiary or (iii) responsibility or decision-making authority or input that allows for the use of confidential information for the benefit of any person (including Participant) or entity in the oil and gas drilling or other business that develops, provides or markets any products or services that are otherwise competitive with or similar to the products or services of the Company or its subsidiaries (the  Restricted Occupations ).  Therefore, in the event the Participant is eligible for continued vesting pursuant to Section 7, except with the prior written consent of an authorized officer of the Company, during the period of continued vesting following Participant s employment with the Company or its subsidiaries, Participant agrees not to be employed by, consult for or otherwise act on behalf of any person or entity (without regard to geographic location) in any capacity in which the Participant would be involved directly or indirectly in a Restricted Occupation.  In the event the Committee determines in its sole judgment that the Participant has engaged in activities in contravention of this Section 8(b)(iii), Participant s eligibility for continued vesting under Section 7 shall cease and any unvested shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award shall be forfeited.  Nothing herein shall be construed as prohibiting the Company or its subsidiaries from pursuing any other remedies available to the Company or its subsidiaries for the disclosure and/or use of confidential information in violation of Section 8(b)(ii), including, without limitation, injunctive relief and the recovery of damages. Participant acknowledges this commitment is intended to protect the confidential information and is not intended to be applied or interpreted as a covenant against competition.  
     
  (c)             Defend Trade Secrets Act .  Pursuant to Section 7 of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (which added 18 U.S.C.   1833(b) to the United States Code), the Participant acknowledges that the Participant shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.  Nothing in this Award Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C.   1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such Section. Further, nothing in this Award Agreement or any other agreement between you and the Company shall prohibit or restrict Participant from making any disclosure of information or documents to any governmental agency, legislative body, self-regulatory organization, or the Legal Department of the Company. 
     
   Section 9.                 Suspension or Termination of Awards . 
     
  (a)           This Award Agreement and all rights the Participant, or any person claiming through the Participant, may have under this Award Agreement shall be subject to all applicable policies the Company has established or may establish after the date of this Award Agreement, including without limitation any policy regarding the recoupment of compensation.  
     
  (b)           In any event, if at any time the Committee reasonably believes that the Participant has committed an act of misconduct as described in this subsection (b), the Committee may suspend the Participant s right to exercise or receive any Award pending a  

determination of whether an act of misconduct has been committed.  If the Committee determines the Participant has committed an illegal act, fraud, embezzlement or deliberate disregard of Company rules or policies (including any violation of the Participant s non-disclosure, non-compete or similar agreement) that may reasonably be expected to result in loss, damage or injury to the Company, the Committee may (i) cancel any outstanding Award granted to the Participant, in whole or in part, whether or not vested or deferred and/or (ii) if such conduct or activity occurs during a Company fiscal year in which there was also an exercise or receipt of an Award, require the Participant to repay to the Company any gain realized or value received upon the exercise or receipt of such Award (with such gain or value received valued as of the date of exercise or receipt).  Cancellation and repayment obligations will be effective as of the date specified by the Committee.  Any repayment obligation may be satisfied in Common Shares or cash or a combination thereof (based upon the Fair Market Value of Common Shares on the day of payment), and the Committee may provide for an offset to any future payments owed by the Company or any affiliate to the Participant if necessary to satisfy the repayment obligation.  The determination regarding cancellation of an Award or a repayment obligation shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee and shall be binding upon the Participant and the Company.  
     
   Section 10.               Change of Control .  Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, this Restricted Stock Award shall be subject to Section 14 of the Plan. 
     
   Section 11.               Securities Law Restrictions .  The Restricted Stock Award shall not be vested to any extent, and the Company shall not be obligated to transfer any Shares to the Participant upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Award, if such vesting, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, would violate the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) or any other federal or state statutes having similar requirements as may be in effect at that time.  The Company shall be under no obligation to register the Restricted Stock Award or the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the Securities Act or any other federal or state securities laws. 
     
   Section 12.               Withholding of Taxes .  The Company may make such provision as it may deem appropriate for the withholding of any applicable federal, state, or local taxes that it determines it may be obligated to withhold or pay in connection with the vesting of the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award.  A Participant must pay the amount of taxes required by law upon the vesting of the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award (i) in cash or by check, (ii) by the Participant surrendering, or the Company retaining from the Shares to be issued to the Participant, that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of payment equal to the amount of such required withholding, or (iii) by a combination of the foregoing. 
     
   Section 13.               Legends .  The Shares that are subject to the Award shall be subject to the following legend: 
     
   THE SHARES OF STOCK EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO AND ARE TRANSFERABLE ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THAT CERTAIN RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT FOR HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC. 2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN DATED THE 1  st  DAY OF DECEMBER, 

2015. ANY ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF THE SHARES OF STOCK EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IN VIOLATION OF SUCH RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AND WITHOUT EFFECT.  A COPY OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE SECRETARY OF HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
     
   Section 14.               Notices .  All notices and other communications under this Award Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or given by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon personal delivery or three days after mailing to the respective parties as follows: (i) if to the Company, Helmerich   Payne, Inc., 1437 South Boulder Avenue, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74119, Attn: Secretary of the Company and (ii) if to the Participant, using the contact information on file with the Company.  Either party hereto may change such party s address for notices by notice duly given pursuant hereto. 
     
   Section 15.               Section 83(b) Election .  If the Participant makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, or any successor section thereto, to be taxed with respect to the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award as of the date of grant, the Participant shall deliver a copy of such election to the Company immediately after filing such election with the Internal Revenue Service, together with any required tax withholding.  The Participant hereby acknowledges that it is the Participant s sole responsibility to file timely the election under Section 83(b) of the Code. 
     
   Section 16.               Conflicts; Severability .  In the event of any conflicts between this Award Agreement and the Plan, the latter shall control.  Should any provision of this Award Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Award Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Award Agreement. 
     
   Section 17.               No Part of Other Plans .  The benefits provided under this Award Agreement or the Plan shall not be deemed to be a part of or considered in the calculation of any other benefit provided by the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to the Participant. 
     
   Section 18.               Protections Against Violations of Agreement .  No purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, the Restricted Stock Award or any of the Shares underlying it in violation of the provisions of this Award Agreement will be valid, and the Company will not transfer any such Shares on its books, unless and until there has been full compliance with such provisions to the satisfaction of the Company.  The foregoing restrictions are in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies, legal or equitable, available to enforce said provisions. 
     
   Section 19.               Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver .  The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Award Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 

Section 20.               Participant and Award Subject to Plan .  As specific consideration to the Company for the Award, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 
     
  *              *              *              *  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Restricted Stock Award Agreement as of the day and year first above written.  

HELMERICH     PAYNE, INC., a Delaware corporation           

By:       

COMPANY            

PARTICIPANT               

EXHIBIT A    
     
    ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM CERTIFICATE    
     
   FOR VALUE RECEIVED  ,               , an individual ( Grantee ), hereby irrevocably assigns and conveys to                         , those                                   (       ) shares of the Common Capital Stock of Helmerich   Payne, Inc., a Delaware corporation, $.10 par value, subject to that certain Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated as of                , 20   between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and Grantee. 

DATED:       

EXHIBIT B    
     
  Compliance Certificate  
     
   I hereby certify that I am in full compliance with the covenants contained in that certain Restricted Stock Award Agreement (the  Agreement ) dated as of                , 20     between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and me and have been in full compliance with such covenants at all times during the twelve-month period immediately preceding November 1 of the year designated below. 

Dated:       

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 a2230277zex-10_27.htm
 EX-10.27

Exhibit 10.27   

HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
     
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   

NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   

Participant Name:       

Date of Grant:       

Shares Subject to Option:  
     
  Expiration Date:  
     
  Option Price:  
     
   Vesting Schedule   

Vesting Dates        

Percent of    Option Exercisable        

%           

%           

%           

%           

%              

NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   
   UNDER THE HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
     
  THIS NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (the  Option Agreement ), is made as of the grant date set forth on the cover page of this Option Agreement (the  Cover Page ) at Tulsa, Oklahoma by and between the participant named on the Cover Page (the  Participant ) and Helmerich   Payne, Inc. (the  Company ).  
     
  W I T N E S S E T H:  
     
  WHEREAS, the Participant is an employee of the Company or an Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company, and it is important to the Company that the Participant be encouraged to remain in the employ of the Company or its Affiliate or Subsidiary; and  
     
  WHEREAS, in recognition of such facts, the Company desires to provide to the Participant an opportunity to purchase Common Shares of the Company, as hereinafter provided, pursuant to the  Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan  (the  Plan ), a copy of which has been provided to the Participant; and  
     
  WHEREAS, any capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the same meanings given them in the Plan.  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and for good and valuable consideration, the Participant and the Company hereby agree as follows:  
     
   Section 1.                                               Grant of Option .  The Company hereby grants to the Participant a nonqualified stock option (the  Option ) to purchase all or any part of the number of Shares set forth on the Cover Page, under and subject to the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof for all purposes.  The purchase price for each Share to be purchased hereunder shall be the option price set forth on the Cover Page (the  Option Price ) which shall equal the per-share Fair Market Value of the Shares covered by this Option on the Date of Grant. 
     
   Section 2.                                               Times of Exercise of Option .  The Participant shall be eligible to exercise the Option pursuant to the vesting schedule set forth on the Cover Page (the  Vesting Schedule ), subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement having been satisfied.  Upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions, the Participant may exercise the Option on or after the applicable vesting date specified on the Cover Page (the  Vesting Dates ), on a cumulative basis, with respect to a number of Shares determined by multiplying the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Option set forth on the Cover Page by the designated percentage set forth on the Cover Page. 

Section 3.                                               Term of Option .  Subject to earlier termination as hereafter provided, the Option shall expire at the close of business on the expiration date set forth on the Cover Page and may not be exercised after such expiration date; provided, however, in no event shall the term of the Option be longer than ten years from the Date of Grant.  Unless vesting is accelerated or extended pursuant to the terms of Section 6, the Option, to the extent unvested, shall be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of employment. 
     
   Section 4.                                               Transferability of Option . 
     
  (a)                                     General .  Except as provided in Section 4(b) hereof, the Option shall not be transferable otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and the Option may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. More particularly (but without limiting the generality of the foregoing), the Option may not be assigned, transferred (except as provided above and in Section 4(b) hereof), pledged or hypothecated in any way, shall not be assignable by operation of law and shall not be subject to execution, attachment, or similar process.  Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition of the Option contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and without effect. 
     
  (b)                                     Limited Transferability of Option .  The Option may be transferred by the Participant in whole or in part to (i) the ex-spouse of the Participant pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, (ii) the spouse, children or grandchildren of the Participant ( Immediate Family Members ), (iii) a trust or trusts for the exclusive benefit of such Immediate Family Members, or (iv) a partnership in which such Immediate Family Members are the only partners; provided that there may be no consideration for any such transfer and subsequent transfers of the transferred Option shall be prohibited except those in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof.  Following transfer, any Option shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to transfer, provided that for purposes of this Section 4(b) the term  Participant  shall be deemed to refer to the transferee.  The events of termination of employment in the Plan and this Option Agreement shall continue to be applied with respect to the original Participant, following which the transferred Option shall be exercisable by the transferee only to the extent, and for the periods specified in the Plan and this Option Agreement.  No transfer pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Company shall have been furnished with written notice of such transfer together with such other documents regarding the transfer as the Committee shall request. 
     
   Section 5.                                               Employment .  So long as the Participant shall continue to be a full-time and continuous employee of the Company, its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or a corporation or a parent or subsidiary of such corporation issuing or assuming an Option in a transaction to which Section 424(a) of the Code applies, the Option shall not be affected by any change of duties or position.  Nothing in the Plan or in this Option Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or its Affiliates or Subsidiaries to terminate the Participant s employment at any time. 
     
   Section 6.                                               Vesting of Option on Death, Retirement, Disability or Change in Control .  In the event of the Participant s death after the date Participant becomes eligible for Retirement,  

the Option, to the extent not yet then vested, shall become automatically fully vested.  In the event    the Participant voluntarily terminates employment by the delivery to the Company of a written notice of such voluntary termination prior to the Participant s involuntary termination or the Participant terminates employment due to Disability, in each case, following the date he becomes eligible for Retirement, subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Participant shall be eligible to continue to vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule provided that (i) the Participant is continuously employed as a full-time employee through the one-year anniversary of the Date of Grant, (ii) the Participant complies with the requirements set forth in Section 8 below at all times during the remainder of the Vesting Schedule and (iii) the Participant executes and delivers to the Company a compliance certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A indicating the Participant s full compliance with Section 8 on or before November 1 of each year during the remainder of the Vesting Schedule.  The Committee, in its sole discretion, may accelerate, in whole or in part, the vesting of the Option to the extent the applicable Vesting Date(s) has not yet occurred upon the Participant s (i) Disability, (ii) death, (iii) Retirement or (iv) upon a Change in Control. 
     
   Section 7.                                               Period of Exercise Upon Termination of Employment .  With respect to Shares subject to the Option for which the applicable Vesting Dates have occurred or for which the Committee has accelerated or extended vesting in accordance with Section 6, the Participant, or the representative of a deceased Participant, shall be entitled to purchase such Shares during the remaining term of the Option if the Participant s employment was terminated as a result of death or Disability or if the Participant voluntarily terminated employment while eligible for Retirement.  If the Participant s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Option, whether vested or unvested, shall cease to be exercisable as of the date of such termination.  If the Participant s employment was terminated for any other reason, the Participant shall be entitled to exercise the Option to the extent vested for a period of three months from such date of termination and the Option shall thereupon terminate. 
     
   Section 8.                                               Nonsolicitation .  During employment with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, and as a condition to continued vesting pursuant to Section 7, if applicable, Participant shall not solicit the established customers of the Company wherever located (or if this geographic area shall be unenforceable by law, then in such geographic area as shall be enforceable) for the sale of any product or service competitive with any product or service offered for sale by the Company at the time of the termination of Participant s employment.  For purposes of this Option Agreement,  solicit  shall mean to contact an established customer directly, whether by announcement, e-mail, note, letter or other direct mail, telephone call, personal visit, business meeting, or any other method, which contact either is designed to or has the effect of inducing, promoting or advancing a prohibited sale by Participant or on Participant s behalf to that customer.  An  established customer  means any entity that Participant knows or should know is purchasing or has a written or unwritten agreement to purchase one or more products and/or services from the Company at the time of termination of Participant s employment or any entity with whom the Company had, at the time of the termination of Participant s employment, exchanged confidential information in anticipation of negotiating for the sale of products and/or services in the foreseeable future.   Offered for sale  includes products/services which Participant knows or should know have been ordered or have otherwise been prepared by the Company for imminent offering.  Further, during employment with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, and as a condition to  

continued vesting pursuant to Section 7, if applicable, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit for employment or employ any of the Company s current or former employees on behalf of any other employer.  In the event the Committee determines in its sole    judgment that Participant has solicited customers or employees of the Company in contravention of this Section 8, any unvested shares of Stock shall be forfeited. 
     
   Section 9.                                               Suspension or Termination of Awards . 
     
  (a)            This Option Agreement and all rights the Participant, or any person claiming through the Participant, may have under this Option Agreement shall be subject to all applicable policies the Company has established or may establish after the date of this Option Agreement, including without limitation any policy regarding the recoupment of compensation. 
     
  (b)            In any event, if at any time (including after notice of exercise has been delivered) the Committee reasonably believes that the Participant has committed an act of misconduct as described in this subsection (b), the Committee may suspend the Participant s right to exercise or receive any Award pending a determination of whether an act of misconduct has been committed.  If the Committee determines the Participant has committed an illegal act, fraud, embezzlement or deliberate disregard of Company rules or policies (including any violation of the Participant s non-disclosure, non-compete or similar agreement) that may reasonably be expected to result in loss, damage or injury to the Company, the Committee may (i) cancel any outstanding Award granted to the Participant, in whole or in part, whether or not vested or deferred and/or (ii) if such conduct or activity occurs during a Company fiscal year in which there was also an exercise or receipt of an Award, require the Participant to repay to the Company any gain realized or value received upon the exercise or receipt of such Award (with such gain or value received valued as of the date of exercise or receipt).  Cancellation and repayment obligations will be effective as of the date specified by the Committee.  Any repayment obligation may be satisfied in Common Shares or cash or a combination thereof (based upon the Fair Market Value of Common Shares on the day of payment), and the Committee may provide for an offset to any future payments owed by the Company or any affiliate to the Participant if necessary to satisfy the repayment obligation.  The determination regarding cancellation of an Award or a repayment obligation shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee and shall be binding upon the Participant and the Company. 
     
   Section 10.                                        Method of Exercising Option . 
     
  (a)                                     Procedures for Exercise .  The manner of exercising the Option herein shall be by written notice to the Secretary of the Company at the time the Option, or part thereof, is to be exercised, and in any event prior to the expiration of the Option.  Such notice shall state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares to be purchased upon exercise, the form of payment to be used, and shall be signed by the person so exercising the Option. 
     
  (b)                                     Form of Payment .  Payment in full for Shares purchased under this Option Agreement shall accompany the Participant s notice of exercise, together with payment for any applicable withholding taxes.  Payment shall be made (i) in cash or by check, draft or money order payable to the order of the Company; (ii) by delivering unrestricted Common Shares or other equity securities of the Company having a Fair Market Value on the date of payment equal  

to the amount of the Option Price; (iii) by directing the Company to withhold the number of Shares issued upon exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the aggregate Option Price, provided that the Participant shall pay to the Company (in cash or by check, draft or money order payable to the order of the    Company) any remaining balance of the aggregate Option Price not satisfied by such deduction in the number of whole Shares to be issued under this clause (iii); or (iv) a combination thereof.  In addition to the foregoing procedures which may be available for the exercise of the Option, the Participant may deliver to the Company a notice of exercise which includes an irrevocable instruction to the Company to deliver the share certificate representing the Shares being purchased, issued in the name of the Participant, to a broker approved by the Company and authorized to trade in the Common Shares of the Company.  Upon receipt of such notice, the Company shall acknowledge receipt of the executed notice of exercise and forward this notice to the broker.  Upon receipt of the copy of the notice which has been acknowledged by the Company, and without waiting for issuance of the actual share certificate with respect to the exercise of the Option, the broker may sell the Shares or any portion thereof. The broker shall deliver directly to the Company that portion of the sales proceeds sufficient to cover the Option Price and withholding taxes, if any.  For all purposes of effecting the exercise of the Option, the date on which the Participant gives the notice of exercise to the Company, together with payment for the Shares being purchased and any applicable withholding taxes, shall be the  date of exercise.   If a notice of exercise and payment are delivered at different times, the date of exercise shall be the date the Company first has in its possession both the notice and full payment as provided herein. 
     
  (c)                                      Further Information .  In the event the Option is exercised by any person other than the Participant, notice of exercise shall also be accompanied by appropriate proof of the right of such person to exercise the Option. 
     
   Section 11.                                        Change of Control .  Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, this Option shall be subject to Section 14 of the Plan. 
     
   Section 12.                                        Securities Law Restrictions .  The Option shall not be exercisable to any extent, and the Company shall not be obligated to transfer any Shares to the Participant upon exercise of the Option, if such exercise, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, would violate the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) or any other federal or state statutes having similar requirements as may be in effect at that time.  The Company shall be under no obligation to register the Option or the Shares underlying the Option pursuant to the Securities Act or any other federal or state securities laws. 
     
   Section 13.                                        Payment of Withholding Taxes .  No exercise of the Option may be effected until the Company receives full payment for any required state and federal withholding taxes.  Payment for withholding taxes shall be made in cash, by check, by the Participant surrendering, or the Company retaining from the Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Option, that number of Shares (based on Fair Market Value) that would be necessary to satisfy the requirements for withholding any amounts of taxes due upon the exercise of the Option, or by a combination of the foregoing.  Nothing herein, however, shall be construed as requiring payment of withholding taxes at the time of exercise if payment of taxes is deferred pursuant to any  

provision of the Code, and actions satisfactory to the Company are taken which are designed to reasonably insure payment of withholding taxes when due.  
     
   Section 14.                                        Notices .  All notices and other communications under this Option Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or given by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon personal delivery or three days after mailing to the respective parties as follows: (i) if to the Company, Helmerich   Payne, Inc., 1437 South Boulder Avenue, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74119,  Attn: Secretary of the Company and (ii) if to the Participant, using the contact information on file with the Company.  Either party hereto may change such party s address for notices by notice duly given pursuant hereto. 
     
   Section 15.                                        Conflicts; Severability .  In the event of any conflicts between this Option Agreement and the Plan, the latter shall control.  Should any provision of this Option Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Option Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Option Agreement. 
     
   Section 16.                                        No Part of Other Plans .  The benefits provided under this Option Agreement or the Plan shall not be deemed to be a part of or considered in the calculation of any other benefit provided by the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to the Participant. 
     
   Section 17.                                        Protections Against Violations of Agreement .  No purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, the Option or any of the Shares underlying it in violation of the provisions of this Option Agreement will be valid, and the Company will not transfer any such Shares on its books nor will any such Shares be entitled to vote, nor will any dividends be paid thereon, unless and until there has been full compliance with such provisions to the satisfaction of the Company.  The foregoing restrictions are in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies, legal or equitable, available to enforce said provisions. 
     
   Section 18.                                        Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver .  The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Option Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 
     
   Section 19.                                        Participant and Award Subject to Plan .  As specific consideration to the Company for the Award, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Option Agreement as of the day and year first above written.  

HELMERICH     PAYNE, INC., a Delaware corporation           

By:       

COMPANY            

PARTICIPANT               

Compliance Certificate  
     
   EXHIBIT A   
     
   I hereby certify that I am in full compliance with the covenants contained in that certain Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (the  Agreement ) dated as of                , 20     between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and me and have been in full compliance with such covenants at all times during the twelve-month period immediately preceding November 1 of the year designated below. 

Dated:       

HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
     
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   

Participant Name:       

Date of Grant:       

Shares Subject to Restricted Stock Award:  
     
  Expiration Date:  
     
   Vesting Schedule   

Vesting Dates        

Percent of    Award Vested        

%           

%           

%           

%           

%              

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
   UNDER THE HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
     
  THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (the  Award Agreement ), is made as of the grant date set forth on the cover page of this Award Agreement (the  Cover Page ) at Tulsa, Oklahoma by and between the participant named on the Cover Page (the  Participant ) and Helmerich   Payne, Inc. (the  Company ).  
     
  W I T N E S S E T H:  
     
  WHEREAS, the Participant is an employee of the Company or an Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Company, and it is important to the Company that the Participant be encouraged to remain in the employ of the Company or its Affiliate or Subsidiary; and  
     
  WHEREAS, in recognition of such facts, the Company desires to provide to the Participant an opportunity to receive Common Shares of the Company, as hereinafter provided, pursuant to the  Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan  (the  Plan ), a copy of which has been provided to the Participant; and  
     
  WHEREAS, any capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the same meanings given them in the Plan.  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and for good and valuable consideration, the Participant and the Company hereby agree as follows:  
     
   Section 1.                                               Grant of Restricted Stock Award .  The Company hereby grants to the Participant an award (the  Restricted Stock Award ) of               (    ) Shares set forth on the Cover Page, under and subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof for all purposes. 
     
   Section 2.                                               Stock Held by Company .  The Restricted Stock Award shall be evidenced via a book entry registration or the issuance of a stock certificate or certificates as determined by the Company.  As a condition precedent to the book entry registration or the issuing of a certificate representing Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award, the Participant must deliver to the Company a duly executed irrevocable stock power (in blank) covering such Shares represented by the certificate in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.  Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award held by the Company pursuant to this Award Agreement shall constitute issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company for all corporate purposes, and the Participant shall be entitled to vote such Shares and shall receive all cash dividends thereon provided that the right to vote or receive such dividends shall terminate with respect to Shares which have been forfeited as provided under this Award Agreement.  While such Shares are held by the Company and until such Shares have vested on the applicable date set forth on the Cover Page (the  Vesting Date ), the Participant for whose benefit such Shares are held shall not have the right to encumber or otherwise change, sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of such unvested Shares or any interest therein, and such unvested Shares shall not be subject to attachment or any other legal or equitable process brought by or on behalf of any creditor of such 

Participant; and any such attempt to attach or receive Shares in violation of this Award Agreement shall be null and void.  
     
   Section 3.                                               Vesting of Restricted Stock Award . 
     
  (a)                                     Vesting Schedule .  The Participant shall be eligible to vest in this Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the vesting schedule set forth on the Cover Page (the  Vesting Schedule ), subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement having been satisfied.  The Participant shall be vested as of the applicable Vesting Date in the number of Shares determined by multiplying the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award set forth on the Cover Page by the corresponding percentage set forth on the Cover Page. 
     
  (b)                                     Delivery of Shares .  Reasonably promptly following vesting of a Share, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Participant a certificate (or make a book entry in the Participant s name) evidencing such Share, free of the legend described in Section 13. 
     
   Section 4.                                               Term of Restricted Stock Award .  Subject to earlier termination as herein provided, the Restricted Stock Award shall expire at the close of business on the expiration date set forth on the Cover Page and no Share subject hereto may become vested after such expiration date.  Unless vesting is accelerated or extended pursuant to the terms of Section 7, unvested Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award shall be forfeited upon Participant s termination of employment. 
     
   Section 5.                                               Nontransferability of Restricted Stock Award .  The Restricted Stock Award shall not be transferable by the Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition of the Restricted Stock Award contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and without effect. 
     
   Section 6.                                               Employment .  Nothing in the Plan or in this Award Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or its Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or interfere in any way with the right of the Company or its Affiliates or Subsidiaries to terminate the Participant s employment at any time. 
     
   Section 7.                                               Special Vesting of Restricted Stock Award .  In the event of the Participant s death after the date Participant becomes eligible for Retirement, any and all unvested Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award shall become automatically fully vested.  In the event the Participant voluntarily terminates employment by the delivery to the Company of a written notice of such voluntary termination prior to the Participant s involuntary termination or the Participant terminates employment due to Disability, in each case, following the date he becomes eligible for Retirement, subject to the provisions of Section 9, the Participant shall be eligible to continue to vest in accordance with the Vesting Schedule provided that (i) the Participant is continuously employed as a full-time employee through the one-year anniversary of the Date of Grant, (ii) the Participant complies with the requirements set forth in Section 8 below at all times during the remainder of the Vesting Schedule and (iii) the Participant executes and delivers to the Company a compliance certificate in the form attached  

hereto as Exhibit B indicating the Participant s full compliance with Section 8 on or before November 1 of each year during the remainder of the Vesting Schedule.  The Committee, in its sole discretion, may accelerate, in whole or in part, the    vesting of the Restricted Stock Award to the extent the applicable Vesting Date(s) has not yet occurred upon the Participant s (i) Disability, (ii) death, (iii) Retirement or (iv) upon a Change in Control. 
     
   Section 8.                                               Nonsolicitation .  During employment with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, and as a condition to continued vesting pursuant to Section 7, if applicable, Participant shall not solicit the established customers of the Company wherever located (or if this geographic area shall be unenforceable by law, then in such geographic area as shall be enforceable) for the sale of any product or service competitive with any product or service offered for sale by the Company at the time of the termination of Participant s employment.  For purposes of this Award Agreement,  solicit  shall mean to contact an established customer directly, whether by announcement, e-mail, note, letter or other direct mail, telephone call, personal visit, business meeting, or any other method, which contact either is designed to or has the effect of inducing, promoting or advancing a prohibited sale by Participant or on Participant s behalf to that customer.  An  established customer  means any entity that Participant knows or should know is purchasing or has a written or unwritten agreement to purchase one or more products and/or services from the Company at the time of termination of Participant s employment or any entity with whom the Company had, at the time of the termination of Participant s employment, exchanged confidential information in anticipation of negotiating for the sale of products and/or services in the foreseeable future.   Offered for sale  includes products/services which Participant knows or should know have been ordered or have otherwise been prepared by the Company for imminent offering.  Further, during employment with the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, and as a condition to continued vesting pursuant to Section 7, if applicable, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit for employment or employ any of the Company s current or former employees on behalf of any other employer.  In the event the Committee determines in its sole judgment that Participant has solicited customers or employees of the Company in contravention of this Section 8, any unvested shares of Stock shall be forfeited. 
     
   Section 9.                                               Suspension or Termination of Awards . 
     
  (a)                                    This Award Agreement and all rights the Participant, or any person claiming through the Participant, may have under this Award Agreement shall be subject to all applicable policies the Company has established or may establish after the date of this Award Agreement, including without limitation any policy regarding the recoupment of compensation. 
     
  (b)                                    In any event, if at any time the Committee reasonably believes that the Participant has committed an act of misconduct as described in this subsection (b), the Committee may suspend the Participant s right to exercise or receive any Award pending a determination of whether an act of misconduct has been committed.  If the Committee determines the Participant has committed an illegal act, fraud, embezzlement or deliberate disregard of Company rules or policies (including any violation of the Participant s non-disclosure, non-compete or similar agreement) that may reasonably be expected to result in loss, damage or injury to the Company, the Committee may (i) cancel any outstanding Award granted to the Participant, in whole or in part, whether or not vested or deferred and/or (ii) if such  

conduct or activity occurs during a Company fiscal year in which there was also an exercise or receipt of an Award, require the Participant to repay to the Company any gain realized or value received upon the exercise or receipt of such Award (with such gain or value received valued as of the date of exercise or receipt).  Cancellation and repayment obligations will be effective as of the date specified by the Committee.  Any repayment obligation may be satisfied in Common Shares or cash or a combination thereof (based upon the Fair Market Value of Common Shares on the day of payment), and the Committee may provide for an offset to any future payments owed by the Company or any affiliate to the Participant if necessary to satisfy the repayment obligation.  The determination regarding cancellation of an Award or a repayment obligation shall be within the sole discretion of the Committee and shall be binding upon the Participant and the Company.  
     
   Section 10.                                        Change of Control .  Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, this Restricted Stock Award shall be subject to Section 14 of the Plan. 
     
   Section 11.                                        Securities Law Restrictions .  The Restricted Stock Award shall not be vested to any extent, and the Company shall not be obligated to transfer any Shares to the Participant upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Award, if such vesting, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, would violate the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) or any other federal or state statutes having similar requirements as may be in effect at that time.  The Company shall be under no obligation to register the Restricted Stock Award or the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the Securities Act or any other federal or state securities laws. 
     
   Section 12.                                        Withholding of Taxes .  The Company may make such provision as it may deem appropriate for the withholding of any applicable federal, state, or local taxes that it determines it may be obligated to withhold or pay in connection with the vesting of the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award.  A Participant must pay the amount of taxes required by law upon the vesting of the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award (i) in cash or by check, (ii) by the Participant surrendering, or the Company retaining from the Shares to be issued to the Participant, that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of payment equal to the amount of such required withholding, or (iii) by a combination of the foregoing. 
     
   Section 13.                                        Legends .  The Shares that are subject to the Award shall be subject to the following legend: 
     
   THE SHARES OF STOCK EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO AND ARE TRANSFERABLE ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THAT CERTAIN RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT FOR HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC. 2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN DATED THE 1  st  DAY OF DECEMBER, 2015. ANY ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF THE SHARES OF STOCK EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IN VIOLATION OF SUCH RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AND WITHOUT EFFECT.  A COPY OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE SECRETARY OF HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.  

Section 14.                                        Notices .  All notices and other communications under this Award Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or given by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon personal delivery or three days after mailing to the respective parties as follows: (i) if to the Company, Helmerich   Payne, Inc., 1437 South Boulder Avenue, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74119,  Attn: Secretary of the Company and (ii) if to the Participant, using the contact information on file with the Company.  Either party hereto may change such party s address for notices by notice duly given pursuant hereto. 
     
   Section 15.                                        Section 83(b) Election .  If the Participant makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, or any successor section thereto, to be taxed with respect to the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award as of the date of grant, the Participant shall deliver a copy of such election to the Company immediately after filing such election with the Internal Revenue Service, together with any required tax withholding.  The Participant hereby acknowledges that it is the Participant s sole responsibility to file timely the election under Section 83(b) of the Code. 
     
   Section 16.                                        Conflicts; Severability .  In the event of any conflicts between this Award Agreement and the Plan, the latter shall control.  Should any provision of this Award Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Award Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Award Agreement. 
     
   Section 17.                                        No Part of Other Plans .  The benefits provided under this Award Agreement or the Plan shall not be deemed to be a part of or considered in the calculation of any other benefit provided by the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to the Participant. 
     
   Section 18.                                        Protections Against Violations of Agreement .  No purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, the Restricted Stock Award or any of the Shares underlying it in violation of the provisions of this Award Agreement will be valid, and the Company will not transfer any such Shares on its books, unless and until there has been full compliance with such provisions to the satisfaction of the Company.  The foregoing restrictions are in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies, legal or equitable, available to enforce said provisions. 
     
   Section 19.                                        Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver .  The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Award Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 
     
   Section 20.                                        Participant and Award Subject to Plan .  As specific consideration to the Company for the Award, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 
     
  *          *          *          *  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Restricted Stock Award Agreement as of the day and year first above written.  

HELMERICH     PAYNE, INC., a Delaware corporation           

By:       

COMPANY            

PARTICIPANT               

EXHIBIT A    
     
    ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM CERTIFICATE    
     
   FOR VALUE RECEIVED  ,               , an individual ( Grantee ), hereby irrevocably assigns and conveys to                         , those                                   (       ) shares of the Common Capital Stock of Helmerich   Payne, Inc., a Delaware corporation, $.10 par value, subject to that certain Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated as of                , 20   between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and Grantee. 

DATED:       

EXHIBIT B    
     
  Compliance Certificate  
     
   I hereby certify that I am in full compliance with the covenants contained in that certain Restricted Stock Award Agreement (the  Agreement ) dated as of                , 20     between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and me and have been in full compliance with such covenants at all times during the twelve-month period immediately preceding November 1 of the year designated below. 

Dated:       

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 a2230277zex-10_28.htm
 EX-10.28

Exhibit 10.28   

HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
     
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   

DIRECTOR NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   

Participant Name:       

Date of Grant:       

Shares Subject to Option:  
     
  Expiration Date:  
     
  Option Price:  
     
   Vesting Schedule   

Vesting Dates        

Percent of    Option Exercisable        

%           

%           

%           

%           

%              

DIRECTOR NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT   
   UNDER THE HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
     
  THIS DIRECTOR NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (the  Option Agreement ), is made as of the grant date set forth on the cover page of this Option Agreement (the  Cover Page ) at Tulsa, Oklahoma by and between the participant named on the Cover Page (the  Participant ) and Helmerich   Payne, Inc. (the  Company ).  
     
  W I T N E S S E T H:  
     
  WHEREAS, Participant is a Director of the Company, and it is important to the Company that Participant be encouraged to remain in the service of the Company; and  
     
  WHEREAS, in recognition of such facts, the Company desires to provide to Participant an opportunity to purchase Common Shares of the Company, as hereinafter provided, pursuant to the  Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan  (the  Plan ), a copy of which has been provided to the Participant; and  
     
  WHEREAS, any capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the same meanings given them in the Plan.  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and for good and valuable consideration, the Participant and the Company hereby agree as follows:  
     
   Section 1.                                               Grant of Option .  The Company hereby grants to the Participant a nonqualified stock option (the  Option ) to purchase all or any part of the number of Shares set forth on the Cover Page, under and subject to the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof for all purposes.  The purchase price for each Share to be purchased hereunder shall be the option price set forth on the Cover Page (the  Option Price ) which shall equal the per-share Fair Market Value of the Shares covered by this Option on the Date of Grant. 
     
   Section 2.                                               Vesting.   Subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, Participant s Option shall be fully vested and immediately exercisable on the Date of Grant. 
     
   Section 3.                                               Term of Stock Option .  Subject to earlier termination as provided in this Option Agreement or in the Plan, the Option shall expire at the close of business ten years from the Date of Grant and may not be exercised after such expiration date. 
     
   Section 4.                                               Transferability of Stock Option . 
     
   (a)                                      General.   Except as provided in Section 4(b) hereof, the Option shall not be transferable otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and the Stock Option may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. More particularly (but without limiting the generality of the foregoing), the Option may not be  

assigned, transferred    (except as provided above and in Section 4(b) hereof), pledged or hypothecated in any way, shall not be assignable by operation of law and shall not be subject to execution, attachment, or similar process.  Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition of the Option contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and without effect. 
     
   (b)                                      Limited Transferability of Options.   The Option may be transferred by the Participant in whole or in part to (i) the ex-spouse of the Participant pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, (ii) the spouse, children or grandchildren of the Participant ( Immediate Family Members ), (iii) a trust or trusts for the exclusive benefit of such Immediate Family Members, or (iv) a partnership in which such Immediate Family Members are the only partners; provided that there may be no consideration for any such transfer and subsequent transfers of the transferred Option shall be prohibited except those in accordance with Section 4(a) hereof.  Following transfer, any such Option shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to transfer, provided that for purposes of this Section 4(b), the term  Participant  shall be deemed to refer to the transferee.  No transfer pursuant to this Section 4(b) shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Company shall have been furnished with written notice of such transfer together with such other documents regarding the transfer as the Committee shall request. 
     
   Section 5.                                               Timing of Exercise Upon Termination of Service .  Upon Participant s termination of service as a director of the Company, Participant, or the representative of a deceased Participant, shall be entitled to purchase shares of Stock during the remaining term of the Option. 
     
   Section 6.                                               Method of Exercising Option . 
     
   (a)                                      Procedures for Exercise.   The manner of exercising the Option herein shall be by written notice to the Secretary of the Company at the time the Option, or part thereof, is to be exercised, and in any event prior to the expiration of the Option.  Such notice shall state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares to be purchased upon exercise, the form of payment to be used, and shall be signed by the person so exercising the Option. 
     
   (b)                                      Form of Payment.   Payment in full for Shares purchased under this Option Agreement shall accompany the Participant s notice of exercise.  Payment shall be made (i) in cash or by check, draft or money order payable to the order of the Company; (ii) by delivering unrestricted Common Shares or other equity securities of the Company having a Fair Market Value on the date of payment equal to the amount of the Option Price; (iii) by directing the Company to withhold the number of Shares issued upon exercise of the Option by the largest whole number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise that does not exceed the aggregate Option Price, provided that the Participant shall pay to the Company (in cash or by check, draft or money order payable to the order of the Company) any remaining balance of the aggregate Option Price not satisfied by such deduction in the number of whole Shares to be issued under this clause (iii); or (iv) a combination thereof.  In addition to the foregoing procedures which may be available for the exercise of the Option, the Participant may deliver to the Company a notice of exercise which includes an irrevocable instruction to the Company to deliver the share certificate representing the Shares being purchased, issued in the name of the  
     
 2   

Participant, to a broker approved by the Company and authorized to trade in the Common Shares of the Company.  Upon receipt of such notice, the Company shall acknowledge receipt of the executed notice of exercise    and forward this notice to the broker.  Upon receipt of the copy of the notice which has been acknowledged by the Company, and without waiting for issuance of the actual share certificate with respect to the exercise of the Option, the broker may sell the Shares or any portion thereof. The broker shall deliver directly to the Company that portion of the sales proceeds sufficient to cover the Option Price.  For all purposes of effecting the exercise of the Option, the date on which the Participant gives the notice of exercise to the Company, together with payment for the Shares being purchased, shall be the  date of exercise.   If a notice of exercise and payment are delivered at different times, the date of exercise shall be the date the Company first has in its possession both the notice and full payment as provided herein. 
     
   (c)                                       Further Information.   In the event the Option is exercised by any person other than the Participant, notice of exercise shall also be accompanied by appropriate proof of the right of such person to exercise the Option. 
     
   Section 7.                                               Securities Law Restrictions .  The Option shall not be exercisable to any extent, and the Company shall not be obligated to transfer any Shares to the Participant upon exercise of the Option, if such exercise, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, would violate the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) or any other federal or state statutes having similar requirements as may be in effect at that time.  The Company shall be under no obligation to register the Option or the Shares underlying the Option pursuant to the Securities Act or any other federal or state securities laws. 
     
   Section 8.                                               Taxes .  By signing this Option Agreement, the Participant represents that the Participant has reviewed with his or her own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of the transactions contemplated by this Option Agreement and that he or she is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents.  The Participant understands and agrees that the Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for any tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Option Agreement. 
     
   Section 9.                                               Notices.   All notices and other communications under this Option Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or given by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon personal delivery or three days after mailing to the respective parties as follows: (i) if to the Company, Helmerich   Payne, Inc., 1437 South Boulder Avenue, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74119,  Attn: Secretary of the Company and (ii) if to the Participant, using the contact information on file with the Company.  Either party hereto may change such party s address for notices by notice duly given pursuant hereto. 
     
   Section 10.                                        Conflicts; Severability .  In the event of any conflicts between this Option Agreement and the Plan, the latter shall control.  Should any provision of this Option Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Option Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Option Agreement. 
     
 3   

Section 11.                                        Protections Against Violations of Agreement .  No purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, the Option or any of the Shares underlying it in violation of the provisions of this Option Agreement will be valid, and the Company will not transfer any such Shares on its books nor will any such Shares be entitled to vote, nor will any dividends be paid thereon, unless and until there has been full compliance with such provisions to the satisfaction of the Company.  The foregoing restrictions are in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies, legal or equitable, available to enforce said provisions. 
     
   Section 12.                                        Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver .  The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Option Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 
     
   Section 13.                                        Participant and Award Subject to Plan .  As specific consideration to the Company for the Award, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement. 
     
 4   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Option Agreement as of the day and year first above written.  

HELMERICH     PAYNE, INC., a Delaware corporation           

By:       

COMPANY            

PARTICIPANT               
     
 5   

HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
     
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   

DIRECTOR RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   

Participant Name:       

Date of Grant:       

Shares Subject to   Restricted Stock Award:       

Vesting Schedule   

Vesting Dates        

Percent of    Award Vested        

%           

%           

%           

%           

%              

DIRECTOR RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT   
   UNDER THE HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   
   2016 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN   
     
  THIS DIRECTOR RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT (the  Award Agreement ), is made as of the grant date set forth on the cover page of this Award Agreement (the  Cover Page ), by and between the participant named on the Cover Page (the  Participant ) and Helmerich   Payne, Inc. (the  Company ).  
     
  W I T N E S S E T H:  
     
  WHEREAS, the Participant is a director of the Company, and it is important to the Company that the Participant be encouraged to continue to provide services to the Company; and  
     
  WHEREAS, in recognition of such facts, the Company desires to provide to the Participant an opportunity to receive Common Shares of the Company, as hereinafter provided, pursuant to the  Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan  (the  Plan ), a copy of which has been provided to the Participant; and  
     
  WHEREAS, any capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the same meanings given them in the Plan.  
     
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and for good and valuable consideration, the Participant and the Company hereby agree as follows:  
     
   Section 1.                                               Grant of Restricted Stock Award .  The Company hereby grants to the Participant an award (the  Restricted Stock Award ) of                             (        ) Shares set forth on the Cover Page, under and subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan which is incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof for all purposes. 
     
   Section 2.                                               Stock Held by Company .  The Restricted Stock Award shall be evidenced via a book entry registration or the issuance of a stock certificate or certificates as determined by the Company.  As a condition precedent to the book entry registration or the issuing of a certificate representing Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award, the Participant must deliver to the Company a duly executed irrevocable stock power (in blank) covering such Shares represented by the certificate in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto.  Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award held by the Company pursuant to this Award Agreement shall constitute issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company for all corporate purposes, and the Participant shall be entitled to vote such Shares and shall receive all cash dividends thereon provided that the right to vote or receive such dividends shall terminate with respect to Shares which have been forfeited as provided under this Award Agreement.  While such Shares are held by the Company and until such Shares have vested on the applicable date set forth on the Cover Page (the  Vesting Date ), the Participant for whose benefit such Shares are held shall not have the right to encumber or otherwise change, sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of such unvested Shares or any interest therein, and such unvested Shares shall not be subject to attachment or any other legal or equitable process brought by or on behalf of any creditor of such 

Participant; and any such attempt to attach or receive Shares in violation of this Award Agreement shall be null and void.  
     
   Section 3.                                               Vesting of Restricted Stock Award . 
     
  (a)                                     Vesting Schedule .  The Participant shall be eligible to vest in this Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the vesting schedule set forth on the Cover Page (the  Vesting Schedule ), subject to the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement having been satisfied.  The Participant shall be vested as of the applicable Vesting Date in the number of Shares determined by multiplying the aggregate number of Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award set forth on the Cover Page by the corresponding percentage set forth on the Cover Page. 
     
  (b)                                     Delivery of Shares .  Reasonably promptly following vesting of a Share, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Participant a certificate (or make a book entry in the Participant s name) evidencing such Share, free of the legend described in Section 8. 
     
   Section 4.                                               Nontransferability of Restricted Stock Award .  The Restricted Stock Award shall not be transferable by the Participant otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  Any attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition of the Restricted Stock Award contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null and void and without effect. 
     
   Section 5.                                               Acceleration of Awards .  In the event of Participant s death or Disability, all unvested Shares subject to this Restricted Stock Award shall become vested upon such date.  The Committee, in its sole discretion, may elect to accelerate the vesting for all or any part of the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award for which the applicable Vesting Date(s) has not yet occurred on the date of the Participant s termination of service due to an approved reason. 
     
   Section 6.                                               Change of Control .  Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, this Restricted Stock Award shall be subject to Section 14 of the Plan. 
     
   Section 7.                                               Securities Law Restrictions .  The Restricted Stock Award shall not be vested to any extent, and the Company shall not be obligated to transfer any Shares to the Participant upon the vesting of the Restricted Stock Award, if such vesting, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, would violate the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ) or any other federal or state statutes having similar requirements as may be in effect at that time.  The Company shall be under no obligation to register the Restricted Stock Award or the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Award pursuant to the Securities Act or any other federal or state securities laws. 
     
   Section 8.                                               Legends .  The Shares that are subject to the Award shall be subject to the following legend: 
     
   THE SHARES OF STOCK EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO AND ARE TRANSFERABLE ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THAT CERTAIN RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT FOR HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC. 2016   
     
 2   

OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN DATED THE 1  st  DAY OF DECEMBER, 2015. ANY ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF THE SHARES OF STOCK EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IN VIOLATION OF SUCH RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AND WITHOUT EFFECT.  A COPY OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE SECRETARY OF HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.  
     
   Section 9.                                               Notices .  All notices and other communications under this Award Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or given by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested, and shall be deemed to have been duly given upon personal delivery or three days after mailing to the respective parties as follows: (i) if to the Company, Helmerich   Payne, Inc., 1437 South Boulder Avenue, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74119,  Attn: Secretary of the Company and (ii) if to the Participant, using the contact information on file with the Company.  Either party hereto may change such party s address for notices by notice duly given pursuant hereto. 
     
   Section 10.                                        Section 83(b) Election .  If the Participant makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, or any successor section thereto, to be taxed with respect to the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award as of the date of grant, the Participant shall deliver a copy of such election to the Company immediately after filing such election with the Internal Revenue Service, together with any required tax withholding.  The Participant hereby acknowledges that it is the Participant s sole responsibility to file timely the election under Section 83(b) of the Code. 
     
   Section 11.                                        Conflicts; Severability .  In the event of any conflicts between this Award Agreement and the Plan, the latter shall control.  Should any provision of this Award Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, or enforceable only if modified, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Award Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties hereto with any such modification (if any) to become a part hereof and treated as though contained in this original Award Agreement. 
     
   Section 12.                                        No Part of Other Plans .  The benefits provided under this Award Agreement or the Plan shall not be deemed to be a part of or considered in the calculation of any other benefit provided by the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to the Participant. 
     
   Section 13.                                        Protections Against Violations of Agreement .  No purported sale, assignment, mortgage, hypothecation, transfer, pledge, encumbrance, gift, transfer in trust (voting or other) or other disposition of, or creation of a security interest in or lien on, the Restricted Stock Award or any of the Shares underlying it in violation of the provisions of this Award Agreement will be valid, and the Company will not transfer any such Shares on its books, unless and until there has been full compliance with such provisions to the satisfaction of the Company.  The foregoing restrictions are in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies, legal or equitable, available to enforce said provisions. 
     
   Section 14.                                        Failure to Enforce Not a Waiver .  The failure of the Company to enforce at any time any provision of this Award Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such provision or of any other provision hereof. 
     
 3   

Section 15.                                        Participant and Award Subject to Plan .  As specific consideration to the Company for the Award, the Participant agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 
     
  *                                            *                                           *                                           * 
     
 4   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Restricted Stock Award Agreement as of the day and year first above written.  

HELMERICH     PAYNE, INC., a Delaware corporation           

By:       

COMPANY            

PARTICIPANT               
     
 5   

EXHIBIT A    
     
    ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM CERTIFICATE    
     
   FOR VALUE RECEIVED  ,                             , an individual ( Grantee ), hereby irrevocably assigns and conveys to                                                 , those                                                                   (             ) shares of the Common Capital Stock of Helmerich   Payne, Inc., a Delaware corporation, $.10 par value, subject to that certain Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated as of                              , 20     between Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and Grantee. 

DATED:       

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.35>
 5
 a2230277zex-10_35.htm
 EX-10.35

Exhibit 10.35   
     
  EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  CAUSE NO. 2015-24531  

JOSHUA KEEL INDIVIDUALLY       

IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF           

AND AS NEXT FRIEND OF       

MINORS E.K. AND V.K.       

Plaintiff        

v.       

DEVON ENERGY CORPORATION,       

HARRIS COUNTY, TEXAS           

DEVON ENERGY PRODUCTION       

COMPANY, LP., DEVON       

INTERNATIONAL, LTD., WEATHERFORD       

INTERNATIONAL, LLC, HELMERICH         

PAYNE, INC., HELMERICH   PAYNE       

INTERNATIONAL DRILLING CO., AND       

WAYNE DUNCAN, LLC       

Defendants        

152  nd  JUDICIAL DISTRICT             
     
   CONFIDENTIAL SETTLEMENT   
    AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS    
     
  This Confidential Settlement Agreement and General Release of Claims (collectively, this  Settlement Agreement ) is entered into  as of October   , 2016, by and between Joshua Keel (individually and through his guardian  ad litem  Donna Roth), and as next friend of minors Erin Keel and Veda Keel, and Erin Keel and Veda Keel, individually and through their guardian  ad litem  Ana Hernandez (collectively,  Plaintiffs  Helmerich   Payne, Inc., and Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. (jointly, the  H P Defendants  and Devon Energy Corporation, Devon Energy Production Company, L.P., Devon International, Ltd., Weatherford International LLC, Wayne Duncan, LLC, Battle Energy Services, LLC, Fuson Industrial Maintenance, LLC, Jolley, Castillo, Drennon, LP d/b/a Sierra Engineering, LLC, Man Welding Services, Inc., GSM Consulting Inc. d/b/a GSM, Inc., and Jeff Lajoie (collectively, the  non-H P Defendants,  and, with the H P Defendants, collectively, the  Defendants ) and intervenor New Hampshire Insurance Company ( Intervenor ).  Ryan Gonzales, Worldwide Safety and Security, LLC, Jaime s Welding LLC, Roy Saenz, Kenny Allen, Boyd Hightower, and Jon Holmquist are non-parties whom Plaintiffs agree to release (collectively, the  Non-Party Releasees ).  Plaintiffs and Defendants are each referred to herein individually as a  Party  and collectively as the  Parties.  
     
  WHEREAS, on July 11, 2014, Plaintiff Joshua Keel was injured while working on Rig 223 in Eddy County, New Mexico;  

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  WHEREAS, on April 28, 2015, Plaintiffs filed a lawsuit styled  Keel, et al. v. Devon Energy Corp., et al. , No. 2015-24531 in the 152  nd  Judicial District Court of Harris County, Texas (the  Lawsuit ), seeking relief related to injuries suffered by Plaintiff Joshua Keel on July 11, 2014; 
     
  WHEREAS, on August 18, 2016, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. filed a declaratory judgment action, cause no. 2016-55153, in the 334  th  District Court of Harris County, Texas, seeking declaration of insurance coverage related to the Lawsuit, and certain of the non-H P Defendants filed answers and cross and/or counter-claims in response thereto (the  Declaratory Action  
     
  WHEREAS, solely to avoid the costs and expenses of resolving the Lawsuit and any associated or contemplated litigation, including, but not limited to, the Declaratory Action (collectively, the  Dispute ), and without any Party acknowledging fault or liability, the Parties desire to compromise and settle the Dispute and all of the disputes and controversies arising from or related to the Dispute, including, but not limited to, all claims, counterclaims, or third-party claims asserted, or that could have been asserted, by the Parties in any litigation, and/or any claims for attorneys  fees, interest, or costs that have been or could have been asserted by the Parties in any litigation; and  
     
  WHEREAS the Parties intend that all Parties are to keep this Settlement Agreement strictly private and confidential, except as required by law, including but not limited to the disclosure requirements of a public company.  
     
  NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and releases contained herein, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties intending to be legally bound hereby covenant and agree as follows:  
     
  1.                                         The above recitals are hereby incorporated in full by reference. 
     
  2.                                           Settlement Payment   .   On behalf of all Defendants, and in full satisfaction of any and all claims of the Parties (as stated in Paragraph 15), within sixty days of the  Effective Date  (as defined in Paragraph 6) of this Agreement, and in exchange for fully executed settlement documents setting forth the terms of settlement approved by the Court, Helmerich   Payne Inc. and/or its insurers and/or its underwriters shall pay or cause to be paid amounts with a total present value of SEVENTY-TWO MILLION DOLLARS AND ZERO CENTS ($72,000,000.00) (the  Settlement Payment ) under the terms and conditions set forth in the attached Exhibit  A  which forms a part of and is incorporated into this Settlement Agreement, as if fully set out herein. 
     
  Of the amount of the Settlement Payment reflected above, $68,000,000.00 is being paid to Joshua Keel, and $2,000,000.00 is being paid to each of his minor children, i.e. $2,000,000.00 to Erin Keel and $2,000,000.00 Veda Keel.  All sums set forth herein constitute damages on account of personal injuries or sickness, within the meaning of Section 104(a)(1)-(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
     
 2   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  3.                                           Tax Liability   .   Plaintiffs shall have sole responsibility for any and all taxes, if any, related to the Settlement Payment.  The Parties make no representations as to the tax treatment or legal effect of the Settlement Payment called for hereunder, and Plaintiffs are not relying on any statement or representation by the Defendants and/or Intervenor in this regard. Plaintiffs understand and agree that they will be responsible for the payment of any and all taxes and penalties assessed on the payments described herein and will hold the Defendants and/or Intervenor free and harmless from and against any claims resulting from treatment of such payments, including the treatment of such payments as not subject to withholding or deduction for payroll and employment taxes. 
     
  4.                                           Circular 230 Disclaimer  .  Each Party to this Agreement (for purposes of this section, the  acknowledging party  and each Party to this Agreement other than the acknowledging party, an  other party ) acknowledges and agrees that (1) no provision of this Agreement, and no written communication or disclosure between or among the Parties or their attorneys and other advisers, is or was intended to be, nor shall any such communication or disclosure constitute or be construed or be relied upon as, tax advice within the meaning of United States Treasury Department circular 230 (31 C.F.R part 10, as amended); (2) the acknowledging party (a) has relied exclusively upon his, her, or its own, independent legal and tax counsel for advice (including tax advice) in connection with this Agreement, (b) has not entered into this Agreement based upon the recommendation of any other party or any attorney or advisor to any other party, and (c) is not entitled to rely upon any communication or disclosure by any attorney or adviser to any other party to avoid any tax penalty that may be imposed on the acknowledging party; and (3) no attorney or adviser to any other party has imposed any limitation that protects the confidentiality of any such attorney s or adviser s tax strategies (regardless of whether such limitation is legally binding) upon disclosure by the acknowledging party of the tax treatment or tax structure of any transaction, including any transaction contemplated by this Agreement. 
     
  5.                                           Appointment of Guardian  Ad Litems    .   The Parties agree that it is appropriate that the Court has appointed guardians  ad litem  for the Plaintiffs, one for Joshua Keel and one for his two minor children, to review this Settlement Agreement, and to determine if the settlement is in the Plaintiffs  best interests.  The Parties further agree to present this Settlement Agreement for court approval at a hearing to prove up the reasonableness and fairness of the Settlement Agreement (the  Settlement Hearing ).  The Parties shall endeavor in good faith to schedule the Settlement Hearing with the 152 nd  Judicial District Court in Harris County, Texas prior to October 24, 2016, pending the court s availability. 
     
  6.                                           Effective Date  .  The Effective Date shall be the date on which the Court approves this fully-executed Agreement as set forth in Paragraph 5. 
     
  7.                                           Agreed Motion for Dismissal of Lawsuit with Prejudice.    Within two business days of receipt of the Settlement Payment, Plaintiffs shall direct their counsel to execute and file an Agreed Motion for Dismissal of Lawsuit with Prejudice and make good faith efforts to timely obtain an Order of Dismissal with prejudice from the court in the Lawsuit within five business days.  The  Dismissal Date  will be the date on which the Order of Dismissal is Granted by the Court. 
     
 3   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  8.                                           Agreed Motion for Dismissal of Declaratory Action.    Within five business days of the court granting the Agreed Motion for Dismissal of Lawsuit with Prejudice in the Lawsuit as provided in Paragraph 7, Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. and the non-H P Defendants in the Declaratory Action will file an Agreed Motion for Dismissal of the Declaratory Action with Prejudice, and these parties shall make good faith efforts to timely obtain a dismissal of the Declaratory Judgment with prejudice. 
     
  9.                                           Workers  Compensation Lien for Past Workers  Compensation Benefits Waived as of Effective Date.    As of the Effective Date, the existing workers  compensation lien for any workers  compensation medical and indemnity benefits paid to or on behalf of Joshua Keel on or before the Effective Date shall be waived and extinguished.  Provided, however, that this Settlement Agreement is not intended to cover and does not apply to Plaintiff Joshua Keel s rights, if any, to pursue available workers  compensation benefits, if any, in the future.  Any rights Plaintiffs may have after the Effective Date with respect to future workers  compensation benefits will be controlled and governed by the law of New Mexico. 
     
  10.                                    Medicare Set-Aside.    The Parties hereby acknowledge the following: (1) Under the Medicare Secondary Payer ( MSP ) statute, 42 U.S.C.  1395y(b), and its accompanying regulations ( the MSP Provisions ), the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (the  CMS ) in certain circumstances may have an obligation to seek reimbursement of conditional payments made by the Medicare program (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act) (the  Medicare Program ) on claims for items and services relating to injuries allegedly sustained by Plaintiff Joshua Keel; (2) Plaintiff and his counsel are in the best position to determine if any reimbursement obligation currently exists, based on Plaintiff s entitlement (or lack thereof) to Medicare Program benefits, Plaintiff s actual receipt of such benefits, and, if there is a reimbursement obligation, to ensure that the Medicare Program s interests are properly considered and discharged; (3) If there is a reimbursement obligation to the Medicare Program, Plaintiff is responsible under the MSP Provisions to verify, resolve and satisfy such obligation and provide Defendants with a copy of any Medicare final demand and lien satisfaction letter showing satisfaction of any pre-settlement conditional liens; and (4) if Plaintiff is now or in the past has been enrolled in the Medicare Program, a H P Defendant will report this Agreement to the CMS pursuant to the MSP Provisions (even if the H P Defendant does not agree that the evidence actually establishes liability for injuries allegedly sustained by Plaintiff). 
     
  Plaintiff Keel represents and warrants that he and Plaintiff Keel s counsel have reviewed the underlying facts and evidence of this case.  Plaintiff Keel understands and acknowledges that if Plaintiff is Medicare-enrolled at the time of settlement, a H P Defendant is required to report this Agreement to the CMS but further acknowledges that by doing so, the H P Defendant does not concede or admit that it necessarily agrees that any H P Defendant is liable for any alleged injuries.  
     
  Plaintiff Keel also represents and warrants that, if Plaintiff Keel has not already reimbursed or otherwise satisfied the Medicare Program for conditional payments made on claims for items and services relating to the injuries that are the subject of the action being resolved by this Agreement, Plaintiff Keel will do so in a timely manner as set forth in the MSP Provisions.  
     
 4   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  Plaintiff Keel further represents and warrants that, to the extent any other government payer (including but not limited to Masshealth, Medicaid, Veteran s Administration, Tricare/CHAMPUS) has a right to be reimbursed for any payments made on claims for items and services relating to the alleged injuries that are the subject of this action being resolved by this Agreement, Plaintiff Keel has, or will, fully reimburse, resolve, or otherwise satisfy such payers.  
     
  Plaintiff Keel acknowledges that in making payment pursuant to this Agreement, the H P Defendants are reasonably relying on the representation and warranties made by Plaintiff Keel herein and these representations and warranties are a material inducement to Helmerich   Payne, Inc. to make payment as part of this Agreement.  
     
  The parties have agreed to properly consider Medicare s interests as secondary payer under the Medicare Secondary Payer Act, as set forth above.  Plaintiff Keel represents and warrants that, to the best of all parties  knowledge, Plaintiff Keel is not enrolled in the Medicare program as of the date of settlement.  
     
  However, given the  reasonable expectation  of Medicare eligibility, Plaintiff and his counsel have secured and have agreed to establish a Medicare Set-Aside ( MSA ) under the terms and conditions of attached Exhibit B.  The attached Medicare Set-Aside Exhibit B, provided by Shapiro Settlement Solutions and to be funded from the Plaintiff s settlement proceeds, as set forth in Exhibit A, calls for  $1,985,596.30  to be set-aside and utilized for future Medicare-allowable, claim-related medical expenses. The MSA is to be established and administered by Plaintiff or his trustee.  Defendants will not be involved in the administration of the MSA.  
     
   PLAINTIFF AGREES TO INDEMNIFY AND/OR HOLD HARMLESS AND DEFEND DEFENDANTS FROM ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSS OF MEDICARE OR SOCIAL SECURITY BENEFITS, OR ANY RECOVERY FROM THE CENTERS FOR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID SERVICES, THE MEDICARE SECONDARY PAYER RECOVERY CONTRACTOR, THE BENEFITS COORDINATION   RECOVERY CENTER, OR ANY OTHER MEDICARE AGENCY OR MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PLAN MAY PURSUE, INCLUDING ANY RECOVERY SOUGHT BY MEDICARE FOR PAST, PRESENT OR FUTURE LIENS.    Plaintiff also specifically agrees to release any claim or right to bring any possible future action under the MSP against Released Parties, including, but not limited to any cause of action under 42 U.S.C.  1395y(b)(3)(A).  Should Medicare require that it be reimbursed for any medical expenses for which it has paid, Plaintiff agrees to be responsible for the same .  
     
  Plaintiff has been given opportunity to seek assistance from legal counsel of his choosing and/or directly from the Social Security Administration or other governmental entity regarding any impact this Release may have on current or future eligibility for governmental benefits.  
     
  11.                                    Structured Settlement  .  Amounts to be structured, as set out in Exhibit A, shall be co-brokered with Atlas Settlement Group and Scott Freeman of Settlement Alliance.  Should AIG proceeds be utilized for such a structured settlement, an AIG-approved life market will be utilized for the portion of the settlement funded by AIG.  Additional detail regarding the distribution of the settlement funds outlined in this Agreement is provided in Exhibit A which is attached and incorporated by reference. 
     
 5   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  12.                                    Acknowledgement of Mutual Compromise and Valuable Consideration   .   The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the exchange set forth in this Settlement Agreement reflects a mutual compromise and constitutes an exchange of valuable consideration.  All Parties agree that this is a material inducement to each of the Parties entering into this Settlement Agreement. 
     
  13.                                    Attorneys  Fees, Expenses, and Costs   .   The Parties agree that each Party shall be solely responsible for its own litigation costs and fees, attorneys  fees, expenses, and other costs incurred in connection with the Dispute, this Settlement Agreement, and any future disputes between each of the Defendants and the Plaintiffs, and the Intervenor and the Plaintiffs.  But the H P Defendants shall bear the responsibility of paying reasonable guardian  ad litem  fees for Plaintiffs; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement is intended to, nor does it, extinguish the rights of the non-H P Defendants to seek direct payment and/or reimbursement from the H P Defendants of defense costs, including attorneys  fees, expert witness and consultant fees, costs, and expenses, related to the Lawsuit. 
     
  14.                                    No Other Payment or Compensation Due   .   The Parties agree that the Settlement Payment shall exhaust and fully satisfy any debts or liabilities related to the Dispute.  Except as provided in Paragraph 13, the Parties further agree that the Parties and any of their past, present, and future principals, officers, directors, managers, partners, shareholders, stockholders, members, employees, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, associated companies, agents, contractors, consultants, attorneys, trustees, trusts, trustors, settlors, investors, accountants, insurers, reinsurers, underwriters, predecessors, successors, assigns, heirs, dependents, executors, parents, spouses, if any, and representatives of any kind, do not and will not owe any amounts or sums of any kind or type in connection with the Dispute and this Settlement Agreement other than the Settlement Payment, including, without limitation, taxes, attorneys  fees, costs, expenses, and/or damages relating to any claims that were or could have been asserted under or in connection with the Dispute. 
     
  15.                                    General Release of Claims and Covenant Not to Sue   .  
     
  (A)                                   Plaintiffs  Release of Defendants and Intervenor .  Upon payment of the Settlement Payment set forth in Paragraph 2, the Plaintiffs, on behalf of themselves and any of their past, present, and future agents, attorneys, administrators, trustees, trusts, trustors, settlors, accountants, insurers, reinsurers, underwriters, predecessors, successors, assigns, heirs, dependents, executors, parents, spouses, if any, and representatives of any kind RELEASE, ACQUIT, AND GENERALLY RELEASE each of the Defendants, the Non-Party Releasees, and the Intervenor, and any of their past, present, and future principals, officers, directors, managers, partners, shareholders, stockholders, members, employees, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, associated companies, agents, contractors, consultants, attorneys, trustees, trusts, trustors, settlors, investors, accountants, insurers, reinsurers, underwriters, predecessors, successors, assigns, and representatives of any kind from all claims, debts, damages, penalties, fines, charges, demands, rights, grievances, liabilities, attorneys  fees, suits, matters, issues and causes of action of every nature and description whatsoever known or unknown, whether or not concealed or hidden, including, but not limited to, any claims that were or could have been asserted in connection with the Dispute, as well as any and all such claims, debts, damages, penalties, fines, charges, 
     
 6   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  demands, rights, grievances, liabilities, attorneys  fees, suits, matters, issues and causes of action of every nature and description whatsoever that could be asserted in the future by Plaintiffs against any of the Defendants, the Non-Party Releasees or the Intervenor arising out of or relating to the Dispute, existing or accruing as of the date of receipt of the Settlement Payment.  However, this Settlement Agreement is not intended to cover and does not apply to Plaintiff Joshua Keel s rights, if any, to pursue available workers  compensation benefits, if any, in the future.  Any rights Plaintiffs may have after the Effective Date with respect to future workers  compensation benefits will be controlled and governed by the law of New Mexico.  
     
  (B)                                   Plaintiff Keel s General Employment Release .  Upon payment of the Settlement Payment set forth in Paragraph 2, Plaintiff Keel, on behalf of himself and any of his past, present, and future agents, attorneys, trustees, trusts, trustors, settlors, accountants, insurers, reinsurers, underwriters, predecessors, successors, assigns, heirs, dependents, executors, parents, spouses, if any, and representatives of any kind RELEASES, ACQUITS, AND GENERALLY RELEASES Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. and Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and any of their past, present, and future principals, officers, directors, managers, partners, shareholders, stockholders, members, employees, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, associated companies, agents, contractors, consultants, attorneys, trustees, trusts, trustors, settlors, investors, accountants, insurers, reinsurers, underwriters, predecessors, successors, assigns, and representatives of any kind (collectively, the  H P Releasees ) from all claims, counterclaims, debts, damages, penalties, fines, charges, demands, rights, grievances, liabilities, attorneys  fees, suits, matters, issues and causes of action of every nature and description whatsoever (including causes of action seeking declaratory or injunctive relief), known or unknown, whether or not concealed or hidden, including, but not limited to, any claims related to Keel s employment with the H P Releasees and separation therefrom.  Plaintiff Keel releases and waives any and all claims, including but not limited to those under any applicable federal laws, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, 42 U.S.C.   1981 ( Title VII ), the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended ( ADA ), the Equal Pay Act, as amended ( EPA ), the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the Family and Medical Leave Act, as amended, the Fair Labor Standards Act, as amended ( FLSA ), the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or under any applicable state or local laws or ordinances or any other legal restrictions on the H P Releasees  rights, including the Texas Commission on Human Rights Act and the New Mexico Human Rights Act.  Notwithstanding the foregoing release in this Paragraph 15(B), this release does not waive Plaintiff Joshua Keel s rights to enforce this Agreement.  However, this Settlement Agreement is not intended to cover and does not apply to Plaintiff Joshua Keel s rights, if any, to pursue available workers  compensation benefits, if any, in the future.  Any rights Plaintiffs may have after the Effective Date with respect to future workers  compensation benefits will be controlled and governed by the law of New Mexico. 
     
 7   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  (C)                                   Defendants  and Intervenor s Release of Each Other .  Upon entry of the court s order dismissing the Declaratory Action with prejudice as provided in Paragraph 8, each of the Defendants and the Intervenor, on behalf of themselves and their insurers, reinsurers, and underwriters RELEASE, ACQUIT, AND GENERALLY RELEASE each of the other Defendants and the Intervenor and any of their respective past, present, and future principals, officers, directors, managers, partners, shareholders, stockholders, members, employees, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, associated companies, agents, contractors, consultants, attorneys, trustees, trusts, trustors, settlors, investors, accountants, insurers, reinsurers, underwriters, predecessors, successors, assigns, and representatives of any kind from all claims, debts, damages, penalties, fines, charges, demands, rights, grievances, liabilities, attorneys  fees, suits, matters, issues and causes of action of every nature and description whatsoever known or unknown, whether or not concealed or hidden, including, but not limited to, any claims that were or could have been asserted in connection with the Dispute, and all subrogation claims and actions of any kind whatsoever that were or could have been filed by, through or on behalf of H P s insurers and underwriters against the non-H P Defendants, subject to the terms provided herein, including but not limited to Paragraph 13. 
     
  (D)                                  The claims released by the Plaintiffs, Defendants, and Intervenor are collectively the  Released Claims.  
     
  (E)                                   To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Parties covenant not to (i) assert any Released Claims and any related claims, including related future accrued claims, in any forum against any of the Parties and any of their past, present, and future principals, officers, directors, managers, partners, shareholders, stockholders, members, employees, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, associated companies, agents, contractors, consultants, attorneys, trustees, trusts, trustors, settlors, investors, accountants, insurers, reinsurers, underwriters, predecessors, successors, assigns, heirs, dependents, executors, parents, spouses, if any, and representatives of any kind, and (ii) encourage or assist anyone to assert any Released Claims or related claims, including related future accrued claims, against any of the Parties and any of their past, present, and future principals, officers, directors, managers, partners, shareholders, stockholders, members, employees, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, associated companies, agents, contractors, consultants, attorneys, trustees, trusts, trustors, settlors, investors, accountants, insurers, reinsurers, underwriters, predecessors, successors, assigns, heirs, dependents, executors, parents, spouses, if any, and representatives of any kind.  However, this Settlement Agreement is not intended to cover and does not apply to Plaintiff Joshua Keel s rights, if any, to pursue available workers  compensation benefits, if any, in the future.  Any rights Plaintiffs may have after the Effective Date with respect to future workers  compensation benefits will be controlled and governed by the law of New Mexico. 
     
  16.                                    Representations, Warranties, and INDEMNITY   .   By executing this Settlement Agreement and as a condition precedent to any obligations or liabilities of the Parties, the Parties expressly acknowledge, represent, and warrant that they (i) are not relying upon any statements, understandings, representations, expectations, or agreements other than those expressly set forth in this Settlement Agreement; (ii) have made their own investigation of the facts and are relying solely upon their own knowledge and the advice of their own legal counsel; (iii) knowingly waive any claim that this Settlement Agreement was induced by any misrepresentation or nondisclosure and any right to rescind or avoid this Settlement Agreement based upon presently existing facts, known or unknown; (iv) are the lawful owner of the claims and the potential claims released in this Settlement Agreement; (v) they have full capacity and authority to settle,  
     
 8   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  compromise, and release their claims and potential claims and to enter into this Settlement Agreement; (vi) no other person or entity has inherited, acquired, or has been assigned, or will in the future inherit, acquire, or have any right to assert, against any of the Parties any portion of the claims or potential claims released in this Settlement Agreement; and (vii) they know of no other person or entity that intends to assert a claim by, through, under, or on behalf of them, and  THE PARTIES EACH FURTHER AGREE    TO INDEMNIFY AND/OR HOLD HARMLESS EACH OTHER TO THE EXTENT A CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION RELATED TO THE CLAIMS OR POTENTIAL CLAIMS RELEASED IN THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT IS BROUGHT BY, THROUGH, OR ON BEHALF OF THAT PARTY AGAINST ANOTHER PARTY .  The Parties stipulate that each Party is relying upon these representations and warranties in entering into this Settlement Agreement.  These representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this Settlement Agreement. 
     
  17.                                    Notices   .   Any notice, request, instruction, or other document or communication required or permitted to be given under this Settlement Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (i) upon receipt if delivered in person, by a messenger, or courier service; or (ii) three business days after being deposited in the U.S. mail, certified or registered, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows: 
     
  If to Plaintiffs, delivered to:  
     
  Arnold   Itkin LLP  
  6009 Memorial Drive  
  Houston, TX 77007  Attention: Jason Itkin, Esq.  
     
  If to Devon Energy Corporation, Devon Energy Production Company, and/or Devon International, Ltd., delivered and e-mailed to:  
     
  Hawash Meade Gaston Neese   Cicack LLP  
  2118 Smith Street  
  Houston, TX 77002  
  Attention:  Donald John Neese, Jr., Esq.  
  E-mail: jneese@hmgnc.com  
     
  If to Weatherford International LLC, delivered to:  
     
  Blank Rome LLP  
  717 Texas Avenue, Suite 1400  
  Houston, TX 77008  
  Attention:  Keith B. Letourneau, Esq.  
     
  If to Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and/or Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co., delivered to:  
     
  Helmerich   Payne, Inc.  
  1437 S. Boulder Ave., Suite 1400  
  Tulsa, OK 74119-3623  
  Attention:  Cara M. Hair, Esq.  
     
 9   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  with a courtesy copy (   which does not constitute notice   ) delivered to:  
     
  Sidley Austin LLP  
  2021 McKinney Avenue, Suite 2000  
  Dallas, TX 75201  
  Attention: Michelle Hartmann, Esq.  
     
  If to Wayne Duncan LLC, delivered to:  
     
  Bland   Partners, PCC  
  1717 St. James Place, Suite 360  
  Houston, TX 77056  
  Attention:  Susan Noe Wilson, Esq.  
     
  If to Battle Energy Services, LLC, delivered to:  
     
  Bland   Partners, PCC  
  1717 St. James Place, Suite 360  
  Houston, TX 77056  
  Attention:  Susan Noe Wilson, Esq.  
     
  If to Fuson Industrial Maintenance, LLC, delivered to:  
     
  Donato, Minx, Brown   Pool, P.C.  
  3200 Southwest Freeway, Suite 2300  
  Houston, TX 77027  
  Attention:  Robert D. Brown  
     
  If to Sierra Engineering, LLC, delivered to:  
     
  Ireson   Weizel, PLLC  
  9720 Cypresswood Drive, Suite 238  
  Houston, TX 77070  
  Attention:  Lansford O. Ireson  
     
  If to Man Welding Services, Inc., delivered to:  
     
  Royston Rayzor Vickery   Williams  
  1600 Smith Street, Suite 5000  
  Houston, TX 77002  
  Attention:  Terry Fitzgerald  
     
 10   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  If to GSM Consulting, Inc. d/b/a GSM, Inc., delivered to:  
     
  Royston Rayzor Vickery   Williams  
  1600 Smith Street, Suite 5000  
  Houston, TX 77002  
  Attention:  Terry Fitzgerald  
     
  If to Jeff Lajoie, delivered to:  
     
  Royston Rayzor Vickery   Williams  
  1600 Smith Street, Suite 5000  
  Houston, TX 77002  
  Attention:  Terry Fitzgerald  
     
  If to New Hampshire Insurance Company, delivered to:  
     
  Adami, Shuffield, Scheihing   Burns  
  9311 San Pedro Avenue, Suite 900  
  San Antonio, TX 78216  
  Attention:  E. Wayne Shuffield  
     
  or to such other address or addresses as may be specified in writing from time to time by any Party to the other Parties.  
     
  18.                                    No Admission of Fault or Liability   .   This Settlement Agreement is made to terminate any and all controversies, real or potential, asserted or unasserted, and claims for injuries or damages of any nature whatsoever, real or potential, accrued or unaccrued, asserted or unasserted, by the Parties relating in any way to the Dispute. Neither the execution and delivery of this Settlement Agreement, nor compliance with its terms, shall constitute an admission of any fault or liability on the part of any of the Parties, or any of their respective agents, attorneys, representatives, or employees.  None of the Parties to this Settlement Agreement admits fault or liability of any sort and, in fact, all Parties expressly deny fault and liability.  However, this Settlement Agreement is not intended to cover and does not apply to Plaintiff Joshua Keel s rights, if any, to pursue available workers  compensation benefits, if any, in the future.  Any rights Plaintiffs may have after the Effective Date with respect to future workers  compensation benefits will be controlled and governed by the law of New Mexico. 
     
  19.                                    Consultation with Attorneys   .   The Parties understand and acknowledge that they have had the opportunity to retain independent counsel to represent them in connection with their consideration of this Settlement Agreement, and have done so.  The Parties represent and warrant that each of them has undertaken its own investigation of the facts and is relying solely upon its own knowledge and the advice of its counsel.  The Parties further represent and warrant to each other that they have each consulted with independent counsel and other advisors with respect to the preparation, negotiation, and execution of this Settlement Agreement to the extent they deemed such consultation necessary or appropriate, and have been provided with a reasonable period of time to consider and execute this Settlement Agreement.  The Parties, therefore, stipulate and agree that this Settlement Agreement shall not be construed against any Party as the drafter thereof.  All provisions of this Settlement Agreement have been negotiated by the Parties at arms  length, and no Party shall be deemed the scrivener of this Settlement Agreement. 
     
 11   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  The Parties agree and direct that the rule of contract construction providing that ambiguous contract terms should be interpreted against the drafting party shall not apply nor be applied to this Settlement Agreement.  The representations and warranties contained in this Paragraph shall survive the execution of this Settlement Agreement.  
     
  20.                                    Voluntary Agreement   .   The Parties acknowledge that they have read this Settlement Agreement and understand all of its terms and that this Settlement Agreement is executed voluntarily, without duress, and with full knowledge of its legal significance.  Each Party represents and warrants that it has consulted with its legal advisors regarding the meaning and advisability of this Settlement Agreement to the extent such Party has determined such consultation to be necessary or appropriate.  Such representations and warranties shall survive the execution of this Settlement Agreement. 
     
  21.                                    GOVERNING LAW   .   THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT SHALL BE EXCLUSIVELY GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED ACCORDING TO THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, EXCEPT THAT ANY PROVISIONS OF TEXAS LAW SUGGESTING OR REQUIRING THE APPLICATION OF ANOTHER STATE S LAW SHALL BE DISREGARDED. 
     
  22.                                    Disputes Regarding This Agreement   .   Any and all disputes relating to or arising from this Settlement Agreement shall be settled:  (i) first, by an attempt at mediation by the parties in Houston, Texas, with the Parties to split the costs of such mediation; and (ii) second, by a court of competent jurisdiction in Houston, Texas having venue over the subject matter.  The Parties specifically consent to jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in Houston, Texas solely related to any disputes regarding this Settlement Agreement. 
     
  23.                                    Confidentiality   .   The Parties each acknowledge and agree that they will keep the negotiations leading to the Settlement Agreement, as well as the terms and amount of the Settlement Agreement STRICTLY AND COMPLETELY CONFIDENTIAL, and that they will not communicate or otherwise disclose to anyone, the terms, amounts, copies, or fact of the Settlement Agreement, except to state that the matter has been settled and as may be required by law, including but not limited to the disclosure requirements of a public company; provided, however, that the Parties may make such disclosures to its accountants, bookkeepers, financial consultants, lawyers, tax advisors, investors, insurers, regulators, and employees as necessary for the purpose of operating its business, preparing and maintaining their books and records, preparing income tax returns, or obtaining tax, financial, or legal advice.  Each Party agrees that this paragraph is a material inducement to each other Party entering into the Settlement Agreement.  Each Party agrees that each other Party would be irreparably harmed by a breach of this paragraph and may seek an ex parte temporary restraining order or other injunctive relief to enforce this paragraph without posting a bond.  The Parties agree that the sum of ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS AND ZERO CENTS ($1,000) out of the monies paid to Plaintiffs constitutes consideration in support of the obligations set forth in this Confidentiality Clause. 
     
  24.                                    Public Statement.    Each of the Parties shall make no public statement, including any posting on any social media outlet, including those that may be personal or private, relating to the Dispute or the Settlement Agreement.  Inquiries from the public will be responded to without comment, other than to say that the matter has been settled. 
     
 12   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  Each Party agrees that this paragraph is a material inducement to each other Party entering into the Settlement Agreement.  Each Party agrees that each other Party would be irreparably harmed by a breach of this paragraph and may seek an ex parte temporary restraining order or other injunctive relief to enforce this paragraph without posting a bond.  
     
  25.                                    Entire Agreement and Integration Clause.    This Settlement Agreement integrates the whole of all agreements and understandings of any sort or character between the Parties concerning the subject matter of the Dispute and the Settlement Agreement (including all claims released herein), and supersedes all prior negotiations, discussions, or agreements of any sort whatsoever, whether oral or written, to the extent that such negotiations, discussions, or agreements relate to (i) the Dispute or (ii) any claims that a Party against whom this Settlement Agreement is sought to be enforced has otherwise released in this Settlement Agreement.  NO REPRESENTATIONS, AGREEMENTS, UNDERSTANDINGS, OR INDUCEMENTS (WHETHER WRITTEN, UNWRITTEN, VERBAL OR OTHERWISE) SHALL AFFECT THE CONSTRUCTION OR ENFORCEMENT OF THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT, EXCEPT AS SET FORTH EXPRESSLY AND SPECIFICALLY IN THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT, IT BEING STIPULATED THAT, WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ALL CLAIMS RELEASED HEREIN), THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGAINST ANY OPPOSING PARTY HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED EXCLUSIVELY BY THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT. 
     
  26.                                    Severability   .   If any provision hereof is invalid or unenforceable, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect and there shall be deemed substituted for the provision at issue a valid, legal, and enforceable provision as similar as possible to the provision at issue in order to carry out the intentions of the Parties hereto as nearly as may be possible. 
     
  27.                                    Amendments in Writing; No Waiver   .   This Settlement Agreement may only be amended or modified by a written instrument that has been executed by the Parties.  The failure by any of the Parties to enforce at any time, or for any period of time, any one or more of the terms or conditions of this Settlement Agreement, or a course of dealing between the Parties, shall not be a waiver of such terms or conditions or of such Party s right thereafter to enforce each and every term and condition of this Settlement Agreement. 
     
  28.                                    Construction   .   Words in this Settlement Agreement of the male, female, or neutral gender shall be construed to include any other gender where appropriate.  Words used in this Settlement Agreement that are either singular or plural shall be construed to include the other where appropriate. 
     
  29.                                    Headings   .   The headings in this Settlement Agreement are for convenience only and shall not limit, expand, affect, or alter the meaning of any text. 
     
  30.                                    Multiple Counterparts   .   This Settlement Agreement may be signed in multiple counterparts and, when each Party has signed a counterpart hereof, each such counterpart shall be a binding and enforceable agreement as an original. 
     
 13   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
  31.                                    Facsimile Signatures   .   This Settlement Agreement may be executed by facsimile or electronically transmitted signatures (including by .pdf), and such facsimile or electronically transmitted signatures will be deemed to be as valid as an original signature whether or not confirmed by delivering the original signatures in person, by courier or by mail, although it is the Parties  intentions to deliver original signatures after delivery of facsimile or electronically transmitted signatures. 
     
  THE UNDERSIGNED HAVE CAREFULLY READ THE FOREGOING CONFIDENTIAL SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT, KNOW THE CONTENTS THEREOF, FULLY UNDERSTAND IT, AND SIGN THE SAME AS ITS OWN FREE ACT.  
     
  [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK]  
     
 14   

EXECUTION VERSION  
     
   AGREED, ACKNOWLEDGED, AND APPROVED:   

PLAINTIFF:       

DEFENDANT:           

/s/ Joshua Keel       

/s/ Cara M. Hair           

Individually and as next friend of the minor   children E.K. and V.K       

DEFENDANT HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.           

/s/  [not legible]        

/s/ Cara M. Hair           

ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF       

DEFENDANT HELMERICH     PAYNE INTERNATIONAL DRILLING CO           

/s/ Tina Kay       

/s/ Tony D.   Vaughn           

Tina Kay       

DEFENDANT DEVON ENERGY   CORPORATION           

/s/ Tony D.   Vaughn           

DEFENDANT DEVON   ENERGY PRODUCTION COMPANY, LP           

/s/ Tony D.   Vaughn           

DEFENDANT DEVON INTERNATIONAL,   LTD.           

/s/ Wayne Duncan           

DEFENDANT WAYNE   DUNCAN LLC           

/s/  [not legible]            

DEFENDANT   WEATHERFORD INTERNATIONAL LLC           

/s/  [not legible]            

DEFENDANT BATTLE   ENERGY SERVICES, LLC              
     
 15   

EXECUTION VERSION  

/s/  [not legible]            

DEFENDANT FUSON   INDUSTRIAL MAINTENANCE, LLC           

/s/  [not legible]            

DEFENDANT SIERRA   ENGINEERING, LLC           

/s/  [not legible]            

DEFENDANT MAN   WELDING SERVICES, INC.           

/s/  [not legible]            

DEFENDANT GSM   CONSULTING INC. D/B/A GSM, INC.           

/s/ Jeff Lajoie           

DEFENDANT JEFF   LAJOIE           

/s/ E. Wayne Sheffield           

INTERVENOR NEW   HAMPSHIRE INSURANCE COMPANY           

APPROVED AS TO FORM:        

/s/ Donna Roth       

Donna Roth       

GUARDIAN AD   LITEM for Plaintiff Joshua Keel       

/s/ Ana Hernandez       

Ana Hernandez       

GUARDIAN AD LITEM for Plaintiff Erin Keel       

/s/ Ana Hernandez       

Ana Hernandez       

GUARDIAN AD LITEM for  Plaintiff Veda Keel      

16   

EXHIBIT A TO      CONFIDENTIAL SETTLEMENT   
    AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS    
     
  This Exhibit A sets forth the distribution of the Settlement Payment stated in paragraph 2 of the Settlement Agreement.   Helmerich   Payne Inc. and/or its insurers and/or its underwriters (collectively, the  Payor ) agree to pay or cause to be paid the following: 
     
   1.0                                    Cash at Settlement:  
     
  Cash in the amount of $43,959,350.00 payable to Plaintiff Joshua Keel, as plaintiff and next friend of E.K. and V.K., and Arnold   Itkin LLP as co-payees, which includes an Initial Deposit in the amount of $155,502.00 for the MSA Account for Plaintiff Joshua Keel.  
     
   2.0                                    Periodic Payments:  
     
  A. Payor shall pay or cause to be paid the periodic payments outlined below. The periodic payments will be funded with a present value of Sixteen Million Forty Thousand Six Hundred Fifty Dollars and No/100 ($16,040,650.00) payable to BHG Structured Settlements, Inc. to fund the future periodic payments respectively described below.  
     
  Periodic Payments Payable to Joshua Keel Special Care Trust ( Payee )  
     
  $50,188.00 payable monthly for the life of Joshua Keel with forty (40) years guaranteed.  Payments commence January 15, 2017 with the last guaranteed payment payable December 15, 2056.  
     
  $43,573.68 payable annually for the life of Joshua Keel with forty (40) years guaranteed.  Payments commence January 1, 2018 with the last guaranteed payment payable January 1, 2057.  
     
  Following Joshua Keel s death, 100% of the remaining and unpaid certain payments listed below as Commutable Payments will be commuted in exchange for a lump sum equal to 95% of the present value of the unpaid Commutable Payments, as calculated by the Annuity Issuer. The present value will be computed using a discount rate equal to the annual effective yield on the date of death of Joshua Keel of the highest yielding U.S. treasury strip available as reported in the Wall Street Journal (or an equivalent source of such information), plus 200 basis points (2 percentage points). If the date of Joshua Keel s death is not a business day, the yield on the next business day will be used. The commutation payment will be determined within 30 days after the Annuity Issuer is notified in writing of the death of Joshua Keel.  
     
  The commutation payment will be paid to the person, persons, or entity named as the Contingent Payee under the Annuity Contract.  
     
  The payee designation for a specific payment may be irrevocable, and nothing herein shall imply that any Commutable Payment is eligible for transfer to any other person. However, if Joshua Keel has transferred any amount of a specific payment to any other person pursuant to an order of a court under applicable state law, the amount so transferred will not be considered to be a Commutable Payment.   
     
 1   

The amount so transferred will first be deducted from that portion of the specific payment which is not listed below as a Commutable Payment.  If the amount transferred cannot be fully satisfied exclusive of the that portion listed below as a Commutable Payment, any remaining amount necessary to satisfy said transfer shall be deemed to have been removed from the Commutable Payments hereunder.  
     
  COMMUTABLE PAYMENTS:  
     
  $50,188.00 payable monthly for forty (40) years guaranteed.  Payments commence January 15, 2017 with the last guaranteed payment payable December 15, 2056.  
     
  $43,573.68 payable annually for forty (40) years guaranteed.  Payments commence January 1, 2018 with the last guaranteed payment payable January 1, 2057.  
     
  B. Payor shall pay or cause to be paid the periodic payments outlined below. The periodic payments will be funded with a present value of Ten Million Dollars and No/100 ($10,000,000.00) payable to MetLife Tower Resources Group, Inc. to fund the future periodic payments described below.  
     
  Periodic Payments Payable to Joshua Keel Special Care Trust ( Payee )  
     
  $32,653.40 payable monthly for the life of Joshua Keel with forty (40) years guaranteed.  Payments commence January 15, 2017 with the last guaranteed payment payable December 15, 2056.  
     
  If Joshua Keel dies and there remain any unpaid payments due under this certificate, 100% of such payments will be commuted and paid to the payee named by the Owner in a single sum.  
     
  MetLife will pay a commuted value equal to 95 percent of the present value of the remaining guaranteed benefits under this certificate which would provide such commuted payments. MetLife will compute this value as of the date of death of Joshua Keel. MetLife will use its then current annuity rates for the same or similar certificates in effect on such date.  If such annuity rates are not available at the time of MetLife s determination of the commuted value, then the commuted payment will be calculated on the basis of the interest rate assumptions used to price any annuity upon which MetLife determines are competitive rates over the appropriate time frame.  
     
  C. Payor shall pay or cause to be paid the periodic payments outlined below. The periodic payments will be funded with a present value of One Million Dollars and No/100 ($1,000,000.00) payable to BHG Structured Settlements, Inc. to fund the future periodic payments described below.  
     
  (i)  Periodic Payments Payable to Erin Keel Settlement Preservation Trust ( Payee ) 
     
  $25,000.00 payable semi-annually for five (5) years guaranteed (10 payments).  Payments commence November 6, 2025 with the last guaranteed payment payable May 6, 2030.  
     
 2   

$1,000.00 payable monthly for five (5) years guaranteed.  Payments commence November 6, 2025 with the last guaranteed payment payable October 6, 2030.  
     
  $2,500.00 payable monthly for seven (7) years guaranteed.  Payments commence November 6, 2030 with the last guaranteed payment payable October 6, 2037.  
     
  $  50,000.00 guaranteed lump sum payable November 6, 2030.  
  $100,000.00 guaranteed lump sum payable November 6, 2032.  
  $150,000.00 guaranteed lump sum payable November 6, 2034.  
     
  (ii) Periodic Payments Payable to Erin Keel ( Payee )  
     
  $2,500.00 payable monthly for five (5) years guaranteed.  Payments commence November 6, 2037 with the last guaranteed payment payable October 6, 2042.  
     
  $200,000.00 guaranteed lump sum payable November 6, 2037.  
  $671,000.00 guaranteed lump sum payable November 6, 2042.  
     
  D. Payor shall pay or cause to be paid the periodic payments outlined below. The periodic payments will be funded with a present value of One Million Dollars and No/100 ($1,000,000.00) payable to BHG Structured Settlements, Inc. to fund the future periodic payments described below.  
     
  (i)  Periodic Payments Payable to Veda Keel Settlement Preservation Trust ( Payee ) 
     
  $25,000.00 payable semi-annually for five (5) years guaranteed (10 payments).  Payments commence January 20, 2028 with the last guaranteed payment payable July 20, 2032.  
     
  $1,000.00 payable monthly for five (5) years guaranteed.  Payments commence January 20, 2028 with the last guaranteed payment payable December 20, 2032.  
     
  $2,500.00 payable monthly for seven (7) years guaranteed.  Payments commence January 20, 2033 with the last guaranteed payment payable December 20, 2039.  
     
  $  50,000.00 guaranteed lump sum payable January 20, 2033.  
  $100,000.00 guaranteed lump sum payable January 20, 2035.  
  $150,000.00 guaranteed lump sum payable January 20, 2037.  
     
  (ii) Periodic Payments Payable to Veda Keel ( Payee )  
     
  $2,500.00 payable monthly for five (5) years guaranteed.  Payments commence January 20, 2040 with the last guaranteed payment payable December 20, 2044.  
     
  $300,000.00 guaranteed lump sum payable January 20, 2040.  
  $778,000.00 guaranteed lump sum payable January 20, 2045.  
     
 3   

All sums set forth herein constitute damages on account of personal physical injuries or sickness, within the meaning of  104(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
     
   3.0                                    Rights to Payments:  
     
  Plaintiffs acknowledge and agree that neither the Periodic Payments nor any rights thereto or interest therein (collectively,  Payment Rights ) can be:  
     
  (a)                                    accelerated, deferred, increased or decreased by Plaintiffs or any Payee; 
     
  (b)                                    sold, mortgaged, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise transferred or encumbered, either directly or indirectly, by Plaintiffs or any Payee unless such sale, assignment, pledge, hypothecation or other transfer or encumbrance (any such transaction being hereinafter referred to as a  Transfer ) has been approved in advance in a  qualified order  as outlined in Section 5891(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (a  Qualified Order ), and approved by a court of competent jurisdiction and otherwise complies with applicable state law, including without limitation any and all applicable state structured settlement protection statutes. 
     
  Plaintiffs or any Payee shall not have the power to affect a Transfer of Payment Rights except as provided in subparagraph (b) above, and any other purported Transfer of Payment Rights shall be wholly void.  
     
   4.0                                    Beneficiary:  
     
  Any payments to be made after the death of Joshua Keel pursuant to the terms of this Exhibit A to the Confidential Settlement Agreement and General Release of Claims in paragraphs 2.0 A. and 2.0 B. shall be made to the Joshua Keel Special Care Trust.  If the entity or person designated is not in existence/living at the time of Joshua Keel s death, such payments shall be made to the Estate of Joshua Keel.  No such designation, nor any revocation thereof, shall be effective unless it is in writing and delivered to Payor s Assignee.  The designation must be in a form acceptable to Payor s Assignee before such payments are made.  
     
  Any payments to be made after the death of Erin Keel pursuant to the terms of this Exhibit A to the Confidential Settlement Agreement and General Release of Claims in paragraph 2.0 C. shall be made to the Estate of Erin Keel, unless otherwise Court ordered, until the age of majority.  Upon reaching the age of majority, Erin Keel may designate any such person or entity as beneficiary in writing to the Payor s Assignee.  If no such person or entity is so designated by Erin Keel, or if the person designated is not living at the time of Erin Keel s death, such payments shall be made to the Estate of Erin Keel.  No such designation, nor any revocation thereof, shall be effective unless it is in writing and delivered to the Payor s Assignee.  The designation must be in a form acceptable to the Payor s Assignee before such payments are made.  
     
 4   

Any payments to be made after the death of Veda Keel pursuant to the terms of this Exhibit A to the Confidential Settlement Agreement and General Release of Claims in paragraph 2.0 D. shall be made to the Estate of Veda Keel, unless otherwise Court ordered, until the age of majority.  Upon reaching the age of majority, Veda Keel may designate any such person or entity as beneficiary in writing to the Payor s Assignee.  If no such person or entity is so designated by Veda Keel, or if the person designated is not living at the time of Veda Keel s death, such payments shall be made to the Estate of Veda Keel.  No such designation, nor any revocation thereof, shall be effective unless it is in writing and delivered to the Payor s Assignee.  The designation must be in a form acceptable to the Payor s Assignee before such payments are made.  
     
   5.0                                    Consent to Qualified Assignment:  
     
  Plaintiffs acknowledge and agree that Payor shall make a  qualified assignment , within the meaning of Section 130(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, of Payor s liability to make the periodic payments as set forth in paragraphs 2.0 A., 2.0 C. and 2.0 D. to BHG Structured Settlements, Inc. ( Assignee ).  The Assignee s obligation for the payment of the periodic payments shall be no greater than that of Payor (whether by judgment or agreement) immediately preceding the assignment of their periodic payments obligation.  
     
  Plaintiffs acknowledge and agree that Payor shall make a  qualified assignment , within the meaning of Section 130(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, of Payor s liability to make the periodic payments as set forth in paragraph 2.0 B. to MetLife Tower Resources Group, Inc. ( Assignee ).  The Assignee s obligation for the payment of the periodic payments shall be no greater than that of Payor (whether by judgment or agreement) immediately preceding the assignment of their periodic payments obligation.  
     
  Such assignments shall be accepted by Plaintiffs without right of rejection and shall completely release and discharge Payor from the Periodic Payments obligation assigned to the respective Assignee.  Plaintiffs recognize that the respective Assignee shall be the sole obligor with respect to the Periodic Payments obligation that pertains to the liability of Payor shall thereupon become final, irrevocable and absolute.  
     
   6.0                                    Right to Purchase an Annuity:  
     
  BHG Structured Settlements, Inc., Assignee, shall fund the liability to make the Periodic Payments outlined in paragraphs 2.0 A., 2.0 C. and 2.0 D. through the purchase of annuity policies from Berkshire Hathaway Life Insurance Company of Nebraska ( Annuity Issuer ).  BHG Structured Settlements, Inc. shall be the sole owner of the annuity policies and shall have all rights of ownership.  BHG Structured Settlements, Inc. may have Berkshire Hathaway Life Insurance Company of Nebraska mail payments directly to the Payee(s).  Said Payee(s) shall be responsible for maintaining a current mailing address with BHG Structured Settlements, Inc.  
     
 5   

MetLife Tower Resources Group, Inc., Assignee, shall fund the liability to make the Periodic Payments outlined in paragraph 2.0 B. through the purchase of an annuity policy from Metropolitan Life Insurance Company ( Annuity Issuer ).  MetLife Tower Resources Group, Inc. shall be the sole owner of the annuity policy and shall have all rights of ownership.  MetLife Tower Resources Group, Inc. may have Metropolitan Life Insurance Company mail payments directly to the Payee(s).  Said Payee(s) shall be responsible for maintaining a current mailing address with MetLife Tower Resources Group, Inc.  
     
   7.0                                    Discharge of Obligation:  
     
  The obligation of the respective Assignee to make each Periodic Payment shall be fully discharged upon the mailing of a valid check or electronic funds transfer in the amount of such payment on or before the due date to the last address on record for the Payee(s) with the respective Annuity Issuer. If a Payee notifies an Assignee that any check or electronic funds transfer was not received, the respective Assignee shall direct the respective Annuity Issuer to initiate a stop payment action and, upon confirmation that such check was not previously negotiated or electronic funds transfer deposited, shall have the respective Annuity Issuer process a replacement payment.  
     
  IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, PLAINTIFFS REPRESENT THAT THEY HAVE COMPLETELY READ ALL OF ITS TERMS AND THAT SUCH TERMS ARE FULLY UNDERSTOOD AND VOLUNTARILY ACCEPTED BY PLAINTIFFS.  PLAINTIFFS HAVE BEEN REPRESENTED BY COUNSEL OF THEIR OWN CHOICE.  

PLAINTIFF:       

Joshua Keel, Individually and as next friend   of the minor children E.K. and V.K       

ATTORNEY FOR PLAINTIFF       

Tina Kay       

6   

Exhibit B   

Name: Joshua Keel  
  Date of Injury: 7/11/2014  
  Date of Report: 9/20/2016  
     
  Thank you for your referral. The summary of costs associated with the Medicare Set-Aside is noted below for your review. Please see the attached report for more detailed explanation.  
     
    Summary Outline    
     
     MSA Allocation:     
     
  Injury-Related Diagnosis:  
  Major neurocognitive disorder due to traumatic brain injury  
  Traumatic amputation of the left upper extremity at the shoulder  
  Chronic pain  
  Avulsion of the brachial plexus nerve roots  
  Avulsion of cervical roots  
  Neck pain  
  Mid back pain  
  Left facial paralysis  
  Exposure keratopathy  
  Nasal obstruction  
  Bilateral inferior turbinate hypertrophy  
  Mixed hearing loss, unilateral, on the left  
  Phrenic nerve injury  
  Hypoxia  
  Anxiety  
  Major depressive disorder, single episode, moderate  

Annuity Funding:     
     
  Rated Age: 37  
     
  Life Expectancy: 43  
     
  If a structured settlement is utilized to fund the MSA Account, the annuity should provide:  
     
   Initial Deposit:   $155,502.00                                 Annual Payments:  $43,573.68 
     
  If an annuity will be utilized to fund the MSA Account, a seed amount (to include two years annual cost) to be followed by annual deposit over the remainder of the life expectancy as noted above is recommended.  

LIABILITY   
   MEDICARE SET-ASIDE REPORT   
     
   1.                                INTRODUCTION:  
     
   This   Liability Medicare Set-Aside Allocation   was developed from a review of the medical records provided and research related to Joshua Keel s injury claim, diagnosis and medical treatment. This Medicare Set-Aside Allocation will address current and future medical/rehabilitation needs typically covered by Medicare for Joshua Keel s life expectancy. This report is based on the following body parts/conditions: 
     
                    Head 
                    Face 
                    Eye 
                    Hearing 
                    Left upper extremity amputation 
                    Cervical spine 
                    Thoracic spine 
                    Chest/Pulmonary 
                    Psychological 
     
   2.                               CHRONOLOGICAL MEDICAL SUMMARY:  
     
  A heavy piece of machinery fell and struck Mr. Keel on his left side causing a traumatic brain injury, crush injury to his left chest, traumatic amputation of his left upper extremity, and a brachial plexus injury. Additional conditions noted included a skull fracture, facial fractures, ethmoid sinus fractures, incomplete eye closure, left facial paralysis, hearing loss on the left, left transverse process fractures of C3-6, left transverse process fracture of T2, multiple rib fractures, and a phrenic nerve injury/paralyzed left hemidiaphragm.  

In 8/2014, Mr. Keel required in-patient treatment of his intractable pain. He was treated with Intravenous (IV) medications and then a Patient-Controlled Analgesia (PCA) pump. He was subsequently transferred to another facility for further rehabilitation. Oversight was provided primarily by a physiatrist, but Mr. Keel was also monitored by a neurosurgeon, neurootologist, otolaryngologist, pulmonologist, and psychologist. He temporarily wore a hard cervical collar and utilized a TENS unit. Mr. Keel was also maintained on oxygen via nasal cannula. His head injury was described as mild and while no seizure activity was reported, he was prescribed medication for seizure prophylaxis. No specific treatment was recommended relative to Mr. Keel s left sided hearing loss. Mr. Keel participated in physical, pool, speech, and massage therapy. A working prototype prothesis was provided for the left upper extremity in 11/2014. After Mr. Keel reportedly failed various brachial plexus and cervical stellate ganglion blocks, a spinal cord stimulator was suggested. Repeat diagnostic studies showed healing of the fracture sites.  
     
  Mr. Keel remained under the care of a physiatrist, neurosurgeon, otolaryngologist, and psychologist into 2015. He participated in further physical, pool, occupational, and massage therapy. Speech therapy noted improvement in the areas of cognition. Continual oxygen was needed due to severe chronic hypoxia. A left arm diagnostic prosthesis was provided and ultimately replaced with a final myoelectric prosthesis later in the year. For management of nasal obstruction due to septal deviation and bilateral inferior turbinate hypertrophy, both the treating otolaryngologist and a consulting oral surgeon discussed surgery consisting of a septoplasty and inferior turbinate reduction.  
     
  On 4/13/2015, Mr. Keel underwent implantation of a high cervical spinal cord stimulator performed by the treating neurosurgeon. Further use of a TENS unit was not indicated following placement of the implanted spinal cord stimulator. Mr. Keel eventually relocated to his home state and resided with his brother. His ongoing care was assumed by a new physiatrist/pain management specialist. Mr. Keel complained of cervical and thoracic spine pain as well as anxiety.  
     
  Neuropsychological testing was conducted in 8/2015 resulting in diagnoses of major neurocognitive disorder due to traumatic brain injury, major depressive disorder, and anxiety disorder. Following the neuropsychological testing, it was noted that Mr. Keel would benefit from a psychiatric evaluation and psychotherapy. The same neuropsychiatrist conducted an independent brain injury functional evaluation as part of the Project Re-Entry program. He recommended a comprehensive outpatient cognitive rehabilitation program along with individual psychotherapy.  

In 9/2015, Mr. Keel was also evaluated by a plastic surgeon. There were again recommendations for a nasal septal resection and reduction of the turbinates. There was also a recommendation for a lateral tarsorrhaphy of the lateral canthus of the left eye. This procedure would allow for closure of the paralyzed eye lid and prevent drying of the eye. The plastic surgeon noted the possibility that Mr. Keel s left side of the face could start to droop and sag; therefore, within 5-10 years, he would benefit from a fascia lata sling support suspension. He indicated this procedure would require follow up surgeries every 10 years for retightening. Mr. Keel was reportedly concerned about the muscle mass lateral to his left breast, which was the remains of the forearm muscle attachment of the pectoralis major and minor muscles to the humerus. Consequently, the plastic surgeon discussed that the muscle could be lifted up, debulked, and suspended to the remains of the shoulder or clavicle with tendon transfer to fill out the hollow areas of the shoulder. However, it was noted that this would be a lot of surgery and the resultant pain might not be tolerated. It was suggested that any potential surgery would need to be supported by pain management before it was performed.  
     
  Mr. Keel underwent urological work up in early 2016, but no obstruction or significant pathology was noted. During his regular neurosurgical follow up visit, Mr. Keel was noted to be doing well with his spinal cord stimulator, which was providing meaningful pain relief. The stimulator underwent standard reprograming. Mr. Keel was also seen for adjustment to the left external powered prosthesis. Problems with myoelectric control as well as heaviness and cumbersomeness resulted in Mr. Keel not wearing the device part of the time. Further adjustments and changes were recommended to assist with better function and wear. Mr. Keel remained on continuous oxygen due to diminished lung capacity and left hemidiaphragm problems. There were short-term memory deficits reported, but Mr. Keel continued to live independently with his brother. No ongoing psychotherapy was noted. During a follow up with the plastic surgeon, a turbinectomy to improve nasal breathing and a tarsorrhaphy of the left lateral eye were again discussed. It was recommended that these surgeries not be performed on an outpatient basis due to Mr. Keel s breathing problems. The plastic surgeon ultimately suggested these elective surgeries be put off for now with further follow up in one year.  
     
  Mr. Keel also came under the care of an ophthalmologist during 2016 for management of his dry, irritated eye. The diagnosis was exposure keratopathy on the left. Treatment consisted of a PROSE device. Medication management according to the medication history included Fentanyl patches, Lyrica, Methadone, Oxycodone, Meloxicam, Zorvolex, Levetiracetam, and Sertraline. While Baclofen was filled in 2015 and Gabapentin in 1/2016 only, neither medication was continued.  

3.                                    INJURY-RELATED DIAGNOSIS (with ICD Codes):  
     
                        Z87.820 Major neurocognitive disorder due to traumatic brain injury 
                        S48.912A Traumatic amputation of the left upper extremity at the shoulder 
                        G89.21 Chronic pain 
                        G54.0 Avulsion of the brachial plexus nerve roots 
                        S14.2XXA Avulsion of cervical roots 
                        M54.2 Neck pain 
                        M54.9 Mid back pain 
                        S04.52XS Left facial paralysis 
                        H16.219 Exposure keratopathy 
                        J34.89 Nasal obstruction 
                        J34.3 Bilateral inferior turbinate hypertrophy 
                        H90.72 Mixed hearing loss, unilateral, on the left 
                        J98.6 Phrenic nerve injury 
                        J96.91 Hypoxia 
                        F41.9 Anxiety 
                        F32.2 Major depressive disorder, single episode, moderate 
     
   4.                                    ANTICIPATED MEDICARE COVERED SERVICES:  

Brachial plexus and cervical stellate ganglion blocks were not beneficial and therefore, are not included in the future care. The fascia lata sling support suspension and the procedure to lift up, debulk, and suspend the remains of the left shoulder/clavicle region were only discussed as possible treatment options. Neither surgery was addressed during the plastic surgeon s reevaluation in 2016. As these procedures are not actively recommended, they will not be included in the MSA.  
     
  Lyrica is an anticonvulsant medication utilized off label for neuropathic spine pain without evidence of spinal cord injury and therefore, it is not covered by Medicare Part D. Additionally massage therapy is not covered by Medicare.  
     
  While an extensive cognitive rehabilitation program was discussed in 2015, this program would not meet Medicare coverage guidelines more than 24 months out from the traumatic brain injury. Thus, the program would not be covered by Medicare. The PROSE device is not utilized for the conditions/diagnoses supporting Medicare coverage.  
     
   5.                                      LIFE EXPECTANCY:  
     
  Joshua Keel s median rated age of 37 years has been determined using statements from The Settlement Alliance   Houston, TX. Per the National Vital Statistics Report and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 2011, Vol. 64, No. 11, September 22, 2015, for total population; Joshua Keel s adjusted life expectancy, based upon rated age, is 43 years which will be utilized as a basis for the calculations in this report.  
     
  While it is not possible to accurately predict all future medical and technological advances or associated complications pertaining to Joshua Keel s injury of 7/11/2014, the Medicare Set-Aside Allocation grids are thought to reflect what can be reasonably anticipated for Joshua Keel s future medical care based on the information provided. Medicare s reimbursement guidelines were considered to determine potential Medicare covered expenses. Present day costs were utilized and no provision has been made for future inflation.  
     
   6.                                      MEDICARE ALLOCATION AMOUNT:  
     
  The total  Liability Medicare Set-Aside  recommended amount is $1,985,596.30 inclusive of both future medical and future prescription treatment. If an annuity will be utilized to fund the Medicare Set-Aside account, the following are our recommendations. A seed amount of $155,501.90 (to include two years annual cost including septoplasty with turbinate reduction surgery and replacement of the prosthesis) to be followed by annual deposits of $43,573.68 for the remainder of the life expectancy.  

References   
     
                        Cost projections are based on 80% Usual   Customary charges; claimant lives in LA   Louisiana, zip code 71016 
                        Prices obtained from SmartAdvisor 
                        Surgical cost obtained from Healthcare Bluebook 
                        DME pricing obtained from Noridian Healthcare Solutions 
                        The average wholesale price (per  Redbook  pricing) was used for drug pricing 
                        Truven Micromedex DrugDex  
                        National Medical Policy: Cognitive Rehabilitation Post Traumatic Brain Injury, Policy Number: NMP129 
                        Massage: http://www.medicare.gov/coverage/massage-therapy.html 
                        Oxygen: https://www.virtuox.net/Dyndocs/Documents/LCDforOxygen.pdf 
                        PROSE device: 
  https://www.dmepdac.com/resources/articles/2015/10_09_15.html  

MEDICAL ALLOCATION   

This Medicare Set-Aside Cost Projection is composed of future medical needs of the type normally covered by Medicare over the claimant s lifetime. Projections are based on comprehensive review of medical records available at the time of this report. Costs are based on current state mandated pricing for the state of jurisdiction or usual and customary charges and no consideration is given for changes in pricing that may occur in the future. Medications are priced based on AWP per Redbook.  
     
   MEDICARE PART D ALLOCATION   

</EX-10.35>

<EX-12.1>
 6
 a2230277zex-12_1.htm
 EX-12.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 12.1            

HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC.   COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES        ($ in thousands, except ratio)            

Results
for 2015 and prior periods have been changed due to the change in reporting year-end for our international subsidiaries from August 31 to September 30 effective
October 1, 2015.   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 12.1   
 
  HELMERICH   PAYNE, INC. COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES ($ in thousands, except ratio)   

</EX-12.1>

<EX-21>
 7
 a2230277zex-21.htm
 EX-21

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 21            

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT            

  Helmerich  
Payne, Inc.   

Subsidiaries of Helmerich   Payne, Inc.   

White Eagle Assurance Company (Incorporated in Vermont)  

Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co. (Incorporated in Delaware)  

Subsidiaries of Helmerich   Payne International Drilling Co.   

Helmerich   Payne (Colombia) Drilling Co. (Incorporated in Oklahoma)  

Helmerich   Payne (Argentina) Drilling Co. (Incorporated in Oklahoma)  

Helmerich   Payne (Boulder) Drilling Co. (Incorporated in Oklahoma)  

Subsidiary of Helmerich   Payne (Boulder) Drilling Co.   

Helmerich and Payne Mexico Drilling, S. De R.L. de C.V. (Incorporated in Mexico)  

Helmerich   Payne del Ecuador, Inc. (Incorporated in Oklahoma)  

Helmerich   Payne de Venezuela, C.A. (Incorporated in Venezuela)  

Helmerich   Payne Rasco, Inc. (Incorporated in Oklahoma)  

Subsidiary of Helmerich   Payne Rasco, Inc.   

Helmerich   Payne Equatorial Guinea, S.A.R.L. (Organized in Equatorial Guinea)*  

TerraVici Drilling Solutions, Inc. (Incorporated in Delaware)  

The Space Center, Inc. (Incorporated in Oklahoma)  

Helmerich   Payne Properties, Inc. (Incorporated in Oklahoma)  

Utica Resources Co. (Incorporated in Oklahoma)  

Utica Square Shopping Center, Inc. (Incorporated in Oklahoma)  

Unless
otherwise indicated, all subsidiaries are 100% owned by the indicated parent entity.    

*    Helmerich  
Payne Rasco, Inc. holds 65% of the share capital of Helmerich   Payne Equatorial Guinea, S.A.R.L.     

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 21   
 
  SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT   

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 a2230277zex-23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 23.1            

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm            

          We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:   

(1)    Registration
Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-137144) Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
      (2)    Registration
Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-176911) Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan,
      (3)    Registration
Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-213053) Helmerich   Payne, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Incentive Plan;    

of
our reports dated November 23, 2016, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2016.   

/s/ Ernst   Young LLP  

Tulsa,
Oklahoma 
November 23, 2016   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 23.1   
 
  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 a2230277zex-31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.1            

CERTIFICATION            

  I,
John W. Lindsay, certify that:   

1.    I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Helmerich   Payne, Inc.;
      2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
      3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
      4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;
      (b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
      (c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
      (d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and
     
   5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
      (b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.    

Date:
November 23, 2016   

/s/ JOHN W. LINDSAY 

John W. Lindsay     Chief Executive Officer   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 31.1   
 
  CERTIFICATION   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 a2230277zex-31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 31.2            

CERTIFICATION            

  I,
Juan Pablo Tardio, certify that:   

1.    I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Helmerich   Payne, Inc.;
      2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
      3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
      4.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a)    Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;
      (b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
      (c)    Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
      (d)    Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and
     
   5.    The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a)    All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
      (b)    Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting.    

Date:
November 23, 2016   

/s/ JUAN PABLO TARDIO 

Juan Pablo Tardio     Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 31.2   
 
  CERTIFICATION   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 11
 a2230277zex-32.htm
 EX-32

QuickLinks  
  -- Click here to rapidly navigate through this document 

Exhibit 32            

Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350,   As Adopted Pursuant to   Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002            

          In connection with the Annual Report of Helmerich   Payne, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the period ended
September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), John W. Lindsay, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Juan Pablo Tardio, as
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, to the best of his knowledge, that:   

(1)   The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

          (2)   The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.   

/s/ JOHN W. LINDSAY 

John W. Lindsay     Chief Executive Officer    
Date: November 23, 2016  
      
   /s/ JUAN PABLO TARDIO 

Juan Pablo Tardio     Vice President and Chief Financial Officer    
Date: November 23, 2016  

QuickLinks    
 
  Exhibit 32   
 
  Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 12
 hp-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 hp-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 hp-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 hp-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 hp-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 hp-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

