<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-Q_edgar_data_902739_0001193125-16-747958_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15557962</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>143492</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>756700</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4832021</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7993513</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1479605</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>75</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-747958.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161026162325
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-747958
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMCAST CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001166691
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				270000798
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32871
		FILM NUMBER:		161952866

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1500 MARKET STREET
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AT&T COMCAST CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NBCUniversal Media, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000902739
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CABLE & OTHER PAY TELEVISION SERVICES [4841]
		IRS NUMBER:				141682529
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36438
		FILM NUMBER:		161952867

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10112
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2126644444

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 ROCKEFELLER PLAZA
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NBC Universal, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040520

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATIONAL BROADCASTING CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930429

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-747958.txt : 20161026

10-Q
 1
 d254415d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES    
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549        FORM 10-Q    
   (Mark One)    
 
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016        OR        
 
   For the Transition Period
from                      to                  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   

Comcast Corporation   
     
    Yes       
     
    No        
 
    NBCUniversal Media, LLC   
     
    Yes       
     
    No        
           
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   

Comcast Corporation   
     
    Yes       
     
    No        
 
    NBCUniversal Media, LLC   
     
    Yes       
     
    No        
    Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Comcast Corporation   
     
  Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

NBCUniversal Media, LLC   
     
  Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).       

Comcast Corporation   
     
    Yes       
     
    No        
 
    NBCUniversal Media, LLC   
     
    Yes       
     
    No        
    Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of stock, as of the
latest practical date:      As of September 30, 2016, there were 2,383,388,019 shares of Comcast Corporation Class A common
stock and 9,444,375 shares of Comcast Corporation Class B common stock outstanding.      Not applicable for NBCUniversal
Media, LLC.       NBCUniversal Media, LLC meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q
and is therefore filing this form with the reduced disclosure format.        

Table of Contents  

      TABLE OF CONTENTS    

Page Number  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1.    
     
   Comcast Corporation Financial Statements   

1  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (Unaudited)    

1  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   

2  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   

5  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   

6  

Item 2.    
     
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

28  

Item 3.    
     
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

43  

Item 4.    
     
   Controls and Procedures   

43  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.    
     
   Legal Proceedings   

44  

Item 1A.    
     
   Risk Factors   

44  

Item 2.    
     
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

44  

Item 5.    
     
   Other Information   

45  

Item 6.    
     
   Exhibits   

45  

SIGNATURES    

46  

NBCUniversal Media, LLC Financial Statements   

47  

Explanatory Note    
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is a combined report being filed separately by Comcast Corporation ( Comcast ) and
NBCUniversal Media, LLC ( NBCUniversal ). Comcast owns all of the common equity interests in NBCUniversal, and NBCUniversal meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing its
information within this Form 10-Q with the reduced disclosure format. Each of Comcast and NBCUniversal is filing on its own behalf the information contained in this report that relates to itself, and neither company makes any representation as to
information relating to the other company. Where information or an explanation is provided that is substantially the same for each company, such information or explanation has been combined in this report. Where information or an explanation is not
substantially the same for each company, separate information and explanation has been provided. In addition, separate condensed consolidated financial statements for each company, along with notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements,
are included in this report. Unless indicated otherwise, throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we refer to Comcast and its consolidated subsidiaries, including NBCUniversal and its consolidated subsidiaries, as  we, 
 us  and  our;  Comcast Cable Communications, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries as  Comcast Cable;  Comcast Holdings Corporation as  Comcast Holdings;  and NBCUniversal, LLC as  NBCUniversal
Holdings.       This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. This
Quarterly Report modifies and supersedes documents filed before it. The Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) allows us to  incorporate by reference  information that we file with it, which means that we can disclose
important information to you by referring you directly to those documents. Information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this Quarterly Report. In addition, information that we file with the SEC in the future will automatically
update and supersede information contained in this Quarterly Report.      You should carefully review the information contained in
this Quarterly Report and particularly consider any risk factors set forth in this Quarterly Report and in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the SEC. In this Quarterly Report, we state our beliefs of future events and of
our future financial performance. In   

Table of Contents  

some cases, you can identify these so-called  forward-looking statements  by words such as  may,   will,   should,   expects, 
 believes,   estimates,   potential,  or  continue,  or the negative of those words, and other comparable words. You should be aware that these statements are only our predictions. In evaluating these
statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including the risks outlined below and in other reports we file with the SEC. Actual events or our actual results may differ materially from any of our forward-looking statements. We
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.      Our businesses may be affected by, among
other things, the following:       

our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not
compete effectively    

changes in consumer behavior driven by alternative methods for viewing content may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business
models    

a decline in advertisers  expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses    

our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments    

we are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses

changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, could have an adverse effect on our
businesses    

programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect our Cable Communications segment s video business

NBCUniversal s success depends on consumer acceptance of its content, and its businesses may be adversely affected if its content fails to
achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or the costs to create or acquire content increase    

the loss of NBCUniversal s programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely
affect its businesses    

we rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction
of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses    

we may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support    

weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses    

our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others

strategic initiatives and acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that we had contemplated

labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses    

the loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses    

we face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses    

our Class B common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our Chairman
and CEO has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our Class B common stock    

Table of Contents  

      PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
     ITEM 1: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    
  Comcast Corporation   
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet        (Unaudited)        
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         1   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income        (Unaudited)
       
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         2   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income    
   (Unaudited)        
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         3   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows        (Unaudited)
       
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         4   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity        (Unaudited)
       
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         5   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation   
     NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        (Unaudited)        Note 1: Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
   Basis of Presentation       We have
prepared these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements based on SEC rules that permit reduced disclosure for interim periods. These financial statements include all adjustments that are necessary for a fair presentation of our
consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows for the periods shown, including normal, recurring accruals and other items. The consolidated results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily
indicative of results for the full year.      The year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet was derived from audited financial
statements but does not include all disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ). For a more complete discussion of our accounting policies and certain other information, refer to our
consolidated financial statements included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.       Reclassifications    
  Reclassifications have been made to our condensed consolidated financial statements for the prior year periods to conform to
classifications used in 2016.       Note 2: Recent Accounting Pronouncements        Revenue Recognition       In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) updated the accounting guidance related to revenue recognition. The updated accounting guidance provides a single, contract-based revenue recognition model to help improve financial reporting by providing clearer guidance on when
an entity should recognize revenue and by reducing the number of standards to which an entity has to refer. The updated guidance is effective for us as of January 1, 2018. The updated accounting guidance provides companies with alternative methods
of adoption. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that the updated accounting guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and our method of adoption.       Consolidations       In February 2015, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to
consolidation under the variable interest entity ( VIE ) and voting interest entity models. The updated accounting guidance modifies the consolidation guidance for VIEs, limited partnerships and similar legal entities. We have adopted this
guidance as of January 1, 2016 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.       Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities       In January 2016, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to the recognition and measurement of
financial assets and financial liabilities. The updated accounting guidance, among other things, requires that all nonconsolidated equity investments, except those accounted for under the equity method, be measured at fair value and that the changes
in fair value be recognized in net income. The updated guidance is effective for us as of January 1, 2018. The updated accounting guidance requires a cumulative effect adjustment to beginning retained earnings when the guidance is adopted with
certain exceptions. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that the updated accounting guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.       Leases       In February 2016, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to leases.
The updated accounting guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with the   
         6   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       
   
exception of short-term leases. For a lessee, the recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease do not significantly change from previous guidance. For
a lessor, the accounting applied is also largely unchanged from previous guidance. The updated guidance is effective for us as of January 1, 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The updated accounting guidance must be adopted using a modified
retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that the updated accounting guidance will
have on our consolidated financial statements.       Share-Based Compensation       In March 2016, the FASB updated the accounting guidance that affects several aspects of the accounting for share-based compensation. The most significant change for us relates to the presentation of the
income and withholding tax consequences of share-based compensation in our consolidated financial statements. Among the changes, the updated guidance requires that the excess income tax benefits or deficiencies that arise when the tax consequences
of share-based compensation differ from amounts previously recognized in the statement of income be recognized as income tax benefit or expense in the statement of income rather than as additional paid-in capital in the balance sheet. The guidance
also states that excess income tax benefits should not be presented separately from other income taxes in the statement of cash flows and, thus, should be classified as an operating activity rather than a financing activity as they are under the
current guidance. In addition, the updated guidance requires when an employer withholds shares upon exercise of options or the vesting of restricted stock for the purpose of meeting withholding tax requirements, that the cash paid for withholding
taxes be classified as a financing activity. We currently record these amounts within operating activities.      We will implement
the updated guidance in the first quarter of 2017. As required under the updated guidance, we will prospectively adopt the provisions of this guidance related to the recognition of the excess tax benefits or deficiencies in the statement of income.
In addition, upon adoption we will retrospectively adopt the provisions of this guidance related to changes to the statement of cash flows for all periods presented.      If we had adopted the provisions of the updated guidance as of January 1, 2016, it would have increased net income attributable to Comcast Corporation by $34 million and $193 million for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. In addition, the updated guidance would have increased net cash provided by operating activities and decreased net cash provided by (used in) financing activities by $493 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. The most significant impact of implementing the new guidance is expected to occur in the first quarter of each year as a result of the vesting of restricted stock awards, which primarily occurs in March.
      Note 3: Earnings Per Share    
   Computation of Diluted EPS        
 
         7   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       

    Diluted earnings per common share attributable to Comcast Corporation shareholders ( diluted
EPS ) considers the impact of potentially dilutive securities using the treasury stock method. Our potentially dilutive securities include potential common shares related to our stock options and our restricted share units ( RSUs ).
The amount of potential common shares related to our share-based compensation plans that were excluded from diluted EPS because their effect would have been antidilutive was not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015.       Note 4: Significant Transactions    
   DreamWorks       On August 22, 2016, we
acquired all of the outstanding stock of DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc. ( DreamWorks ) for $3.8 billion. DreamWorks  stockholders received $41 in cash for each share of DreamWorks common stock. DreamWorks creates animated feature
films, television series and specials, live entertainment and related consumer products. The results of operations for DreamWorks are reported in our Filmed Entertainment segment following the acquisition date.   
  The transaction is accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, the assets and liabilities are to be
recorded at their fair market values as of the acquisition date. Due to the limited amount of time since the acquisition date, the assets and liabilities of DreamWorks were recorded based primarily on their historical carrying values. We recorded
the debt we assumed from DreamWorks at its estimated fair value of $381 million and we recorded a liability related to a tax receivable agreement that DreamWorks had previously entered into with one of its former stockholders (the  tax
receivable agreement ) at its estimated fair value of $146 million. The fair value of the assumed debt was primarily based on quoted market values. The fair value of the tax receivable agreement was based on the contractual settlement
provisions in the agreement and the value is subject to adjustment. In addition, we recorded deferred income taxes based on our estimate of the tax basis of the acquired assets and valuation allowances based on the expected use of net operating loss
carryforwards. The remaining assets and liabilities primarily consisted of goodwill and film and television costs. We will adjust the remaining assets and liabilities to fair value and will record the related deferred income tax adjustments as
valuations are completed and we obtain information necessary to complete the analyses, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. For purposes of the preliminary allocation of purchase price, the excess of the total transaction value over
the recorded values of the net assets acquired has been recorded as goodwill.      The tax receivable agreement was settled
immediately following the acquisition and the payment was recorded as an operating activity in our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. In addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, we repaid all of the assumed debt of
DreamWorks (see Note 8).      Revenue and net income attributable to the acquisition of DreamWorks were not material for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred severance costs of $50 million, which were recorded in operating costs and expenses in our Filmed Entertainment segment.   
         8   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       
    Universal Studios Japan       On November 13, 2015, NBCUniversal acquired a 51% economic interest in the Universal Studios theme park in Osaka, Japan ( Universal Studios Japan ) for $1.5 billion.   
  Universal Studios Japan is a VIE based on the governance structure and we consolidate Universal Studios Japan as we have the power to
direct activities that most significantly impact its economic performance. There are no liquidity arrangements, guarantees, or other financial commitments between us and Universal Studios Japan, and therefore our maximum risk of financial loss is
NBCUniversal s 51% interest. Universal Studios Japan s results of operations are reported in our Theme Parks segment following the acquisition date.        Preliminary Allocation of Purchase Price        The acquired assets and liabilities
of Universal Studios Japan and the 49% noncontrolling interest were recorded at their estimated fair values. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we updated the preliminary allocation of purchase price for Universal Studios Japan based
on valuation analyses, which primarily resulted in increases to property and equipment and intangible assets and a decrease in goodwill. The changes did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. We may adjust these amounts
further as valuations are finalized and we obtain information necessary to complete the analyses, but no later than one year from the acquisition date.      The table below presents the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the assets and liabilities of Universal Studios Japan.       Preliminary Allocation of Purchase Price        
      Actual and Unaudited Pro Forma Results        Our consolidated revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 included $424 million and $1.1 billion, respectively, from the acquisition of Universal Studios Japan. Our consolidated
net income attributable to Comcast Corporation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 included $48 million and $76 million, respectively, from the acquisition of Universal Studios Japan.   
  The following unaudited pro forma information has been presented as if the acquisition of Universal Studios Japan occurred on
January 1, 2014. This information is primarily based on historical results of operations and is subject to change as valuations are finalized. In addition, the unaudited pro forma accounting adjustments are not necessarily indicative of what
our results would have been had we operated Universal Studios Japan since January 1, 2014. No pro forma adjustments have been made for our transaction-related expenses.   
         9   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       
    Unaudited Pro Forma Results    
   
     Note 5: Film and Television Costs        
     Note 6: Investments        

10   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       
    Investment Income (Loss), Net    
   
     Equity Method         The
Weather Channel        On January 29, 2016, following a legal restructuring at The Weather Channel, we and the other
investors sold the entity holding The Weather Channel s product and technology businesses to IBM. Following the close of the transaction, we continue to hold an investment in The Weather Channel cable network through a new holding company. As a
result of the sale of our investment, we recognized a pretax gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $108 million in other income (expense), net.      During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, The Weather Channel recorded an impairment charge related to goodwill. We recorded an expense of $252 million that represents NBCUniversal s
proportionate share of this impairment charge in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net in our condensed consolidated statement of income.   
    Atairos        In 2015, we entered
into an agreement to establish Atairos Group, Inc. ( Atairos ), a strategic company focused on investing in and operating companies in a range of industries and business sectors, both domestically and internationally. The agreement became
effective as of January 1, 2016. Atairos has a term of up to 12 years and is controlled by management companies led by our former CFO through interests that carry all of the voting rights. We are the only investor other than our former CFO and the
other management company employees. We have committed to fund up to $4 billion in the aggregate at any one time in Atairos, subject to certain offsets, and $40 million annually to fund a management fee, subject to certain adjustments, while the
management company investors have committed to fund up to $100 million (with at least $40 million to be funded by our former CFO, subject to his continued role with Atairos). Our economic interests do not carry voting rights and obligate us to
absorb approximately 99% of any losses and provide us the right to receive approximately 86.5% of any residual returns in Atairos, in either case on a cumulative basis.      We have concluded that Atairos is a VIE, that we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Atairos as we have no voting rights and only
certain consent rights, and that we are not a related party with our former CFO or the management companies. We therefore do not consolidate Atairos and account for this investment as an equity method investment. There are no other liquidity
arrangements, guarantees, or other financial commitments between Comcast and Atairos, and therefore our maximum risk of financial loss is our investment balance and remaining unfunded capital commitment.   
  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we made capital contributions totaling $399 million to Atairos.   
    Hulu        In August 2016, Time
Warner Inc. acquired a 10% interest in Hulu, LLC ( Hulu ), which diluted our interest in Hulu from 33% to 30%. For a period not to exceed three years, Time Warner may put its shares to Hulu or Hulu
  
         11   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       
   
may call Time Warner s shares under certain limited circumstances arising from regulatory review. Given the contingent nature of the put and call options, we recorded a deferred gain of $159
million and a corresponding increase to our investment in Hulu as a result of the dilution. The deferred gain will be recognized in other income (expense), net if and when the options expire unexercised.   
  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized our proportionate share of losses of $43 million and $108 million,
respectively, related to our investment in Hulu. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized our proportionate share of losses of $19 million and $43 million, respectively, related to our investment in Hulu.   
   Cost Method         AirTouch     
  We hold two series of preferred stock of Verizon Americas, Inc., formerly known as AirTouch Communications, Inc. ( AirTouch ), a
subsidiary of Verizon Communications Inc., which are redeemable in April 2020. As of September 30, 2016, the estimated fair value of the AirTouch preferred stock and the estimated fair value of the associated liability related to the redeemable
subsidiary preferred shares issued by one of our consolidated subsidiaries were each $1.7 billion. The estimated fair values are based on Level 2 inputs that use pricing models whose inputs are derived primarily from or corroborated by observable
market data through correlation or other means for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.       Note 7: Goodwill    
   
    Acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included the DreamWorks acquisition in our
Filmed Entertainment segment (see Note 4 for additional information). Adjustments to goodwill during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included the updated preliminary allocation of the purchase price for Universal Studios Japan in our Theme
Parks segment and the reclassification of certain operations and businesses from Corporate and Other to our Cable Communications segment.       Note 8:
Long-Term Debt       As of September 30, 2016, our debt had a carrying value of $60.4 billion and an estimated fair value of
$69.4 billion. The estimated fair value of our publicly traded debt is primarily based on Level 1 inputs that use quoted market values for the debt. The estimated fair value of debt for which there are no quoted market prices is based on Level 2
inputs that use interest rates available to us for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities.       Debt Borrowings and Repayments    
  In July 2016, we issued $700 million aggregate principal amount of 1.625% senior notes due 2022, $1.4 billion aggregate principal amount
of 2.35% senior notes due 2027, $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.20% senior notes due 2036 and $1.4 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.40% senior notes due 2046. The proceeds from this offering were primarily used to fund our
acquisition of DreamWorks. In May 2016, we issued $1.43 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.05% senior notes due 2046. In February and March 2016, we issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.75% senior notes due 2023 and $2.2 billion
aggregate principal amount of 3.15% senior notes due 2026.   
         12   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       
   Following our acquisition of DreamWorks, we paid $381 million to settle all of the debt
we assumed in the DreamWorks acquisition. In June 2016, we repaid at maturity $750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.95% senior notes due 2016. In April 2016, we repaid at maturity $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.875% senior notes
due 2016 and $700 million aggregate principal amount of NBCUniversal Enterprise Inc. s ( NBCUniversal Enterprise ) senior notes due 2016.   
   Revolving Credit Facilities       In May
2016, we entered into a new $7 billion revolving credit facility due 2021 with a syndicate of banks ( Comcast revolving credit facility ) that may be used for general corporate purposes. We may increase the commitment under the Comcast
revolving credit facility up to a total of $10 billion, as well as extend the expiration date to a date no later than 2023, subject to approval of the lenders. In addition, NBCUniversal Enterprise entered into a new $1.5 billion revolving credit
facility due 2021 with a syndicate of banks ( NBCUniversal Enterprise revolving credit facility ) that may be used for general corporate purposes. We may increase the commitment under the NBCUniversal Enterprise revolving credit facility
up to a total of $2 billion, as well as extend the expiration date to a date no later than 2023, subject to approval of the lenders. The new revolving credit facilities replaced Comcast s $6.25 billion and NBCUniversal Enterprise s $1.35
billion revolving credit facilities, which were terminated in connection with the execution of the new revolving credit facilities. The interest rates on the new revolving credit facilities consist of a base rate plus a borrowing margin that is
determined based on Comcast s credit rating. As of September 30, 2016, the borrowing margin for borrowings based on the London Interbank Offered Rate was 1.00%. The terms of the new revolving credit facilities  financial covenants and
guarantees are substantially the same as those under the prior revolving credit facilities.      As of September 30, 2016, amounts
available under the new consolidated revolving credit facilities, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper programs and outstanding letters of credit, totaled $6.6 billion, which included $408 million available under NBCUniversal
Enterprise s revolving credit facility.       Commercial Paper Programs       As of September 30, 2016, Comcast and NBCUniversal Enterprise had $505 million and $1.1 billion, respectively, face amount of commercial paper outstanding.   
   Note 9: Fair Value Measurements    
  The accounting guidance related to financial assets and financial liabilities ( financial instruments ) establishes a hierarchy
that prioritizes fair value measurements based on the types of inputs used for the various valuation techniques (market approach, income approach and cost approach). Level 1 consists of financial instruments whose values are based on quoted market
prices for identical financial instruments in an active market. Level 2 consists of financial instruments that are valued using models or other valuation methodologies. These models use inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly. Level
3 consists of financial instruments whose values are determined using pricing models that use significant inputs that are primarily unobservable, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the
determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. Our financial instruments that are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis are presented in the table below.   
         13   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       
    Recurring Fair Value Measurements    
   
     Fair Value of Redeemable Subsidiary Preferred Stock       As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of the NBCUniversal Enterprise redeemable subsidiary preferred stock was $757 million. The estimated fair value is based on Level 2 inputs that use pricing models
whose inputs are derived primarily from or corroborated by observable market data through correlation or other means for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.       Note 10: Share-Based Compensation       Our share-based compensation plans primarily
consist of awards of RSUs and stock options to certain employees and directors as part of our approach to long-term incentive compensation. Additionally, through our employee stock purchase plans, employees are able to purchase shares of Comcast
Class A common stock at a discount through payroll deductions.      In March 2016, we granted 5.9 million RSUs and 20.7 million
stock options related to our annual management awards. The weighted-average fair values associated with these grants were $59.50 per RSU and $11.45 per stock option.       Recognized Share-Based Compensation Expense        
    As of September 30, 2016, we had unrecognized pretax compensation expense of $771 million and $425 million
related to nonvested RSUs and nonvested stock options, respectively.   
         14   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       
    Note 11: Supplemental Financial Information    
   Receivables        
     Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)    
   
     Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities    
   
     Cash Payments for Interest and Income Taxes    
   
     Noncash Investing and Financing Activities       During the nine months ended September 30, 2016:       

we acquired $1.3 billion of property and equipment and intangible assets that were accrued but unpaid    
       
         15   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       

     Note 12: Commitments and Contingencies    
   Contingencies       We are a defendant
in several unrelated lawsuits claiming infringement of various patents relating to various aspects of our businesses. In certain of these cases other industry participants are also defendants, and also in certain of these cases we expect that any
potential liability would be in part or in whole the responsibility of our equipment and technology vendors under applicable contractual indemnification provisions.      We are also subject to other legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. While the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such actions is not expected to
materially affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial position, any litigation resulting from any such legal proceedings or claims could be time-consuming and injure our reputation.   
   Note 13: Financial Data by Business Segment       We present our operations in five reportable business segments:       

Cable Communications:  Consists of the operations of Comcast Cable, which is one of the nation s largest providers of video, high-speed
Internet and voice services to residential customers under the XFINITY brand; we also provide these and other services to business customers and sell advertising.    

Cable Networks:  Consists primarily of our national cable networks, our regional sports and news networks, our international cable networks
and our cable television studio production operations.    

Broadcast Television:  Consists primarily of the NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks, our NBC and Telemundo owned local broadcast television
stations, the NBC Universo national cable network, and our broadcast television studio production operations.    

Filmed Entertainment:  Consists primarily of the operations of Universal Pictures, which produces, acquires, markets and distributes filmed
entertainment worldwide. On August 22, 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding stock of DreamWorks.    

Theme Parks:  Consists primarily of our Universal theme parks in Orlando, Florida; Hollywood, California; and Osaka, Japan.    
       
         16   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       
   In evaluating the profitability of our operating segments, the components of net income
(loss) below operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization are not separately evaluated by our management. Our financial data by business segment is presented in the tables below.   

17   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       

(a)  
    For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Cable Communications segment revenue was derived from the following sources:

Subscription revenue received from customers who purchase bundled services at a
discounted rate is allocated proportionally to each service based on the individual service s price on a stand-alone basis.      For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 2.8% of Cable Communications segment revenue was derived from franchise and other regulatory fees.   

(b)  
    Beginning in the first quarter of 2016, certain operations and businesses, including several strategic business initiatives, that were previously
presented in Corporate and Other are now presented in our Cable Communications segment to reflect a change in our management reporting presentation. For segment reporting purposes, we have adjusted all periods presented to reflect this change.

(c)  
    The revenue and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics were reported in our Cable Networks and
Broadcast Television segments. The revenue and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2015 Super Bowl were reported in our Broadcast Television segment.      

(d)  
    Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, we changed our method of accounting for a contractual obligation that involves an interest in the revenue
of certain theme parks. As a result of the change, amounts payable based on current period revenue are presented in operating costs and expenses. Amounts paid through the third quarter of 2015 were included in other income (expense), net in our
consolidated statement of income. For segment reporting purposes, we have adjusted periods prior to the fourth quarter of 2015 to reflect management reporting presentation for this expense on a consistent basis for all periods in the Theme Parks
segment and total NBCUniversal, which resulted in a corresponding offsetting adjustment in Eliminations to reconcile to consolidated totals.          

(e)  
    NBCUniversal Headquarters and Other activities include costs associated with overhead, personnel costs and headquarter initiatives.

(f)  
    Included in Eliminations are transactions that our segments enter into with one another. The most common types of transactions are the following:

our Cable Networks segment generates revenue by selling programming to our Cable Communications segment, which represents a substantial majority of
the revenue elimination amount    

our Broadcast Television segment generates revenue from the fees received under retransmission consent agreements with our Cable Communications
segment    

our Cable Communications segment generates revenue by selling advertising and by selling the use of satellite feeds to our Cable Networks segment

18   

Table of Contents  

Comcast Corporation       

our Filmed Entertainment and Broadcast Television segments generate revenue by licensing content to our Cable Networks segment    

(g)  
    No single customer accounted for a significant amount of revenue in any period.      

(h)  
    We use operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, excluding impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains
or losses on the sale of assets, if any, as the measure of profit or loss for our operating segments. This measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of
certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. Additionally, it is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. We use this measure to evaluate our consolidated operating performance and
the operating performance of our operating segments and to allocate resources and capital to our operating segments. It is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. We believe that this measure is useful
to investors because it is one of the bases for comparing our operating performance with that of other companies in our industries, although our measure may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies. This measure should
not be considered a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to Comcast Corporation, net cash provided by operating activities, or other measures of performance or liquidity we have reported in accordance with GAAP.
         Note 14: Condensed Consolidating Financial Information    
  Comcast ( Comcast Parent ), Comcast Cable Communications, LLC ( CCCL Parent ), and NBCUniversal ( NBCUniversal
Media Parent ) have fully and unconditionally guaranteed each other s debt securities, including the Comcast revolving credit facility.      Comcast Parent and CCCL Parent also fully and unconditionally guarantee NBCUniversal Enterprise s $3.3 billion of senior notes, revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. NBCUniversal
Media Parent does not guarantee NBCUniversal Enterprise s senior notes, revolving credit facility or commercial paper program.      Comcast Parent provides an unconditional subordinated guarantee of the $185 million principal amount currently outstanding of Comcast Holdings  ZONES due October 2029. Neither CCCL Parent nor
NBCUniversal Media Parent guarantee the Comcast Holdings  ZONES due October 2029. None of Comcast Parent, CCCL Parent nor NBCUniversal Media Parent guarantee the $62 million principal amount currently outstanding of Comcast Holdings  ZONES
due November 2029 or the $3.8 billion of Universal Studios Japan term loans.  
         19   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation       Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet        September 30, 2016    

20   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation       Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheet        December 31, 2015    

21   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation       Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income        For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016

22   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation       Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income        For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015

23   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation       Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income        For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016

24   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation       Condensed Consolidating Statement of Income        For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015

25   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation       Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows        For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016

26   

Table of Contents  

   Comcast Corporation       Condensed Consolidating Statement of Cash Flows        For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015

27   

Table of Contents  

      ITEM 2: MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS        Overview       We are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal. We present our operations for Comcast Cable in one reportable business segment, referred to as
Cable Communications, and our operations for NBCUniversal in four reportable business segments. The Cable Networks, Broadcast Television, Filmed Entertainment and Theme Parks segments comprise the NBCUniversal businesses (collectively, the
 NBCUniversal segments ).      Cable Communications Segment       Comcast Cable is one of the nation s largest providers of video, high-speed Internet and voice services ( cable services ) to residential customers under the XFINITY brand, and we also
provide these and other services to business customers. As of September 30, 2016, our cable systems had 28.3 million total customer relationships; served 22.4 million video customers, 24.3 million high-speed Internet customers and 11.6 million voice
customers; and passed more than 56 million homes and businesses. Our Cable Communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers subscribing to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled
services, and from the sale of advertising. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our Cable Communications segment generated 63% of our consolidated revenue and 76% of our operating income before depreciation and amortization.   
   NBCUniversal Segments       NBCUniversal
is one of the world s leading media and entertainment companies that develops, produces and distributes entertainment, news and information, sports, and other content for global audiences, and owns and operates theme parks worldwide.
       Cable Networks     
  Our Cable Networks segment consists primarily of a diversified portfolio of cable television networks. Our cable networks are comprised of
our national cable networks that provide a variety of entertainment, news and information, and sports content, our regional sports and news networks, various international cable networks, our cable television studio production operations, and
related digital media properties. Our Cable Networks segment generates revenue primarily from the distribution of our cable network programming to multichannel video providers, from the sale of advertising units on our cable networks and related
digital media properties, from the licensing of our owned programming to cable and broadcast networks and subscription video on demand services, and from the sale of our owned programming through digital distributors such as iTunes. Our Cable
Networks segment also generates revenue from the production of programming for third-party networks and subscription video on demand services.   
    Broadcast Television        Our
Broadcast Television segment consists primarily of the NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks, our NBC and Telemundo owned local broadcast television stations, the NBC Universo national cable network, our broadcast television studio production
operations, and related digital media properties. Our Broadcast Television segment generates revenue primarily from the sale of advertising units on our broadcast networks, owned local television stations and related digital media properties, from
the licensing of our owned programming to various distribution platforms, including to cable and broadcast networks as well as to subscription video on demand services, from fees received under retransmission consent agreements, and from the sale of
our owned programming on standard-definition digital video discs and Blu-ray discs (together,  DVDs ) and in digital formats.        Filmed
Entertainment        Our Filmed Entertainment segment primarily produces, acquires, markets and distributes filmed
entertainment worldwide, and it also develops, produces and licenses live stage plays. Our films are produced primarily under   
         28   

Table of Contents  

the Universal Pictures, Illumination and Focus Features names. In August 2016, we acquired DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc. ( DreamWorks ) for $3.8 billion and assumed $381 million of its
debt. DreamWorks creates animated feature films, television series and specials, live entertainment and related consumer products. Our Filmed Entertainment segment generates revenue primarily from the worldwide theatrical release of owned and
acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters, from the licensing of owned and acquired films through various distribution platforms, and from the sale of owned and acquired films on DVDs and in digital formats. Our Filmed Entertainment segment
also generates revenue from producing and licensing live stage plays, from distributing filmed entertainment produced by third parties, and from Fandango, our movie ticketing and entertainment business.   
    Theme Parks        Our Theme Parks
segment consists primarily of our Universal theme parks in Orlando, Florida and Hollywood, California. In November 2015, NBCUniversal acquired a 51% interest in the Universal Studios theme park in Osaka, Japan ( Universal Studios Japan ).
In addition, along with a consortium of Chinese state-owned companies, we are developing a theme park in China. Our Theme Parks segment generates revenue primarily from ticket sales and guest spending at our theme parks, as well as from fees for the
licensing of intellectual property and other services.       Other       We currently anticipate launching a Comcast-branded wireless phone service in 2017 using our virtual network operator rights to offer the service over Verizon s wireless network, although we are
still evaluating the parameters of the anticipated offering. A wireless phone service will have success-based working capital requirements, primarily associated with handset procurement, as we launch the new service.   
   Competition       The results of
operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a
broad range of communications products and services, and entertainment, news and information content to consumers.      For
additional information on the competition our businesses face, see Item 1A: Risk Factors included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and refer to the risk factors within that section entitled  Our businesses currently face a wide range of
competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively  and  Changes in consumer behavior driven by alternative methods for viewing content may adversely affect our businesses
and challenge existing business models.        Seasonality and Cyclicality    
  Each of our businesses is subject to seasonal and cyclical variations. In our Cable Communications segment, our results are impacted by
the seasonal nature of customers receiving our cable services in college and vacation markets. This generally results in a reduction in net customer additions in the second quarter and an increase in net customer additions in the third and fourth
quarters of each year.      Revenue in our Cable Communications, Cable Networks and Broadcast Television segments is subject to
cyclical advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. Advertising revenue in the U.S. is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters of each year, due in part to increases in consumer advertising in the spring and in the period
leading up to and including the holiday season. Advertising revenue in the U.S. is also cyclical, with a benefit in even-numbered years due to advertising related to candidates running for political office and issue-oriented advertising. Revenue in
our Cable Networks and Broadcast Television segments fluctuates depending on the timing of when our programming is aired on television, which typically results in higher advertising revenue in the second and fourth quarters of each year. Our revenue
and operating costs and expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization ( operating costs and expenses ) are cyclical as a result of our periodic broadcasts of major sporting events such as the Olympic Games, which affects our Cable
Networks and Broadcast Television segments, and the Super Bowl, which affects our Broadcast Television segment. Our advertising revenue generally   
         29   

Table of Contents  

increases in the period of these broadcasts due to increased demand for advertising time, and our operating costs and expenses also increase as a result of our production costs and the
amortization of the related rights fees.      Revenue in our Filmed Entertainment segment fluctuates due to the timing of the
release of films in movie theaters, on DVD and through digital distribution services. Release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods. As a result, revenue tends to be seasonal,
with increases experienced each year during the summer months and around the holiday season. Revenue in our Cable Networks, Broadcast Television and Filmed Entertainment segments also fluctuates due to the timing of when our content is made
available to licensees.      Revenue in our Theme Parks segment fluctuates with changes in theme park attendance that result from
the seasonal nature of vacation travel and weather variations, local entertainment offerings and the opening of new attractions. Our theme parks generally experience peak attendance during the spring holiday period, the summer months when schools
are closed and the holiday season.       Consolidated Operating Results    
   
    All percentages are calculated based on actual amounts. Minor differences may exist due to rounding.
      Consolidated Revenue    
  Our Cable Communications, Cable Networks, Broadcast Television and Theme Parks segments accounted for the increases in consolidated
revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. The increases in our Theme Parks segment for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were associated with the acquisition of a 51% interest in Universal Studios Japan in
November 2015. The increases in consolidated revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were partially offset by decreases in revenue in our Filmed Entertainment segment. Consolidated revenue for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 included $1.6 billion of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics in August 2016, of which $1.2 billion was advertising revenue. Consolidated revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included $376
million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2015 Super Bowl in February 2015. Excluding the impact of these events, consolidated revenue increased 5.5% and 5.2% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.
     Revenue for our segments is discussed separately below under the heading  Segment Operating Results.  Revenue for
our other businesses is discussed separately below under the heading  Corporate and Other Results of Operations.    
         30   

Table of Contents  

    Consolidated Costs and Expenses       Our Cable Communications, Cable Networks, Broadcast Television and Theme Parks segments accounted for the increases in consolidated operating costs and expenses for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016. The increases in operating costs and expenses in our Theme Parks segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were associated with the acquisition of a 51% interest in Universal Studios Japan in November 2015.
The increases in consolidated operating costs and expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were partially offset by lower operating costs and expenses in our Filmed Entertainment segment. For the nine months ended September
30, 2015, our consolidated operating costs and expenses included transaction-related costs associated with the Time Warner Cable merger and related divestiture transactions of $178 million.   
  Operating costs and expenses for our segments are discussed separately below under the heading  Segment Operating Results. 
Operating costs and expenses for our corporate and other businesses are discussed separately below under the heading  Corporate and Other Results of Operations.         Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expenses         
    Consolidated depreciation and amortization expenses increased for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 primarily due to increases in capital expenditures, as well as expenditures for software, in our Cable Communications segment in recent years, and the acquisition of a 51% interest in Universal Studios Japan in
NBCUniversal s Theme Parks segment. We continue to invest in customer premise equipment, primarily for our X1 platform, wireless gateways and cloud DVR technology, and in equipment to increase our network capacity. In addition, because these
assets generally have shorter estimated useful lives, our depreciation expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
   Segment Operating Results       Our
segment operating results are presented based on how we assess operating performance and internally report financial information. We use operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, excluding impairment charges related to fixed and
intangible assets and gains or losses from the sale of assets, if any, as the measure of profit or loss for our operating segments. This measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the
capital-intensive nature of certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. Additionally, it is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. We use this measure to evaluate our consolidated
operating performance and the operating performance of our operating segments and to allocate resources and capital to our operating segments. It is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. We believe
that this measure is useful to investors because it is one of the bases for comparing our operating performance with that of other companies in our industries, although our measure may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other
companies. Because we use operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization to measure our segment profit or loss, we reconcile it to operating income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ), in the business segment footnote to our condensed consolidated financial statements (see Note 13 to Comcast s condensed consolidated financial statements and
Note 11 to NBCUniversal s condensed consolidated financial statements). This measure should not be considered a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to Comcast Corporation or NBCUniversal, net cash provided by
operating activities, or other measures of performance or liquidity we have reported in accordance with GAAP.   
         31   

Table of Contents  

   We have adjusted prior period segment operating results to reflect certain changes in our
management reporting presentation. See Note 13 to Comcast s condensed consolidated financial statements and Note 11 to NBCUniversal s condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on these changes.   
   Cable Communications Segment Results of Operations        

32   

Table of Contents  

    Customer Metrics    
   
    Customer metrics include residential and business customers and are presented based on actual amounts.
Minor differences may exist due to rounding. Customer relationships represent the number of residential and business customers that subscribe to at least one of our cable services. Single product, double product and triple product customers
represent customers that subscribe to one, two or three of our cable services, respectively.      Average monthly total revenue per
customer relationship for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $148.47 and $147.63, respectively. Average monthly total revenue per customer relationship for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $143.26 and
$142.55, respectively.      Our Cable Communications segment operating margin is operating income before depreciation and
amortization as a percentage of revenue. The most significant operating costs and expenses for our Cable Communications segment are the programming expenses we incur to provide content to our video customers. We expect that our programming expenses
will continue to increase, which may negatively impact our operating margin. We will attempt to mitigate increases in operating costs and expenses by growing revenue, particularly in our high-speed Internet, video and business services businesses.
      Cable Communications Segment Revenue    
    Video        Video revenue
increased 4.5% and 3.7% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The primary contributors to revenue growth were rate adjustments and, to a lesser extent, increases in the number of
residential customers subscribing to additional services such as premium channels and advanced services. These contributors accounted for increases in revenue of 4.3% and 3.8% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The
increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by additional revenue in the prior year period associated with a boxing event available on pay-per-view. All of the increase in net additional video customers was
attributable to reduced customer churn, which we believe is a result of our continued deployment of our X1 platform as well as improvements we have made more broadly in enhancing the customer experience. We have in the past, and may in the future,
experience declines in the number of residential video customers due to competitive pressures and the impact of rate adjustments.        High-Speed
Internet        High-speed Internet revenue increased 8.8% and 8.4% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. Increases in the number of residential customers receiving our high-speed Internet service accounted for increases in revenue of 6.1% and 6.0% for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively. The remaining increases in revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to increases in the number of customers receiving higher levels of service and rate adjustments. Our customer base
continues to grow as consumers continue to choose our high-speed Internet service and seek higher-speed offerings.        Voice     
  Voice revenue decreased 2.4% and 1.5% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods
in 2015. While the number of residential customers receiving voice services through our discounted bundled service offerings increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, revenue was negatively impacted by the allocation of voice
revenue for our customers who receive bundled   
         33   

Table of Contents  

services compared to the same periods in 2015. The amount allocated to voice revenue in the rate charged for bundled services decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
because video and high-speed Internet rates increased while voice rates remained relatively flat.        Business Services     
  Business services revenue increased 15.5% and 16.6% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the
same periods in 2015. The increases were primarily due to increases in the number of small business customers, as well as continued growth in our medium-sized business services, including Ethernet network and advanced voice services. We believe the
increases in the number of business customers are primarily the result of our efforts to gain market share from competitors by offering competitive services and pricing.        Advertising        Advertising revenue increased 7.7% and 7.6% for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to increases in political advertising revenue. Excluding political advertising revenue, advertising revenue decreased slightly for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and increased slightly for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015.      For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 5% of our Cable Communications segment advertising revenue was generated from our NBCUniversal segments. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, 8% and 6%, respectively, of our Cable Communications segment advertising revenue was generated from our NBCUniversal segments. These amounts are eliminated in our condensed consolidated financial statements but are included in
the amounts presented above.        Other        Other revenue increased 13.0% and 13.8% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to increases in cable franchise and other
regulatory fees and increases in revenue from our home security and automation services.       Cable Communications Segment Operating Costs and
Expenses       Programming expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
periods in 2015 primarily due to increases in programming license fees, including contract renewals, retransmission consent fees, sports programming costs and fees to secure rights for additional programming for our customers across an increasing
number of platforms. The increase in programming expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by fees in the prior year period associated with a boxing event available on pay-per-view.   
  Technical and product support expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in
2015 primarily due to expenses related to the development, delivery and support of our enhanced devices and services, including our X1 platform, cloud DVR technology and wireless gateways, and continued growth in business services and home security
and automation services. The increases were also due to expenses related to investments to improve the customer experience.   
  Customer service expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily
due to increased support for improving the customer experience and increases in total labor costs, which reflect sales and support activities associated with the continued deployment of our enhanced devices and services, including our X1 platform,
wireless gateways, and home security and automation services, and continued growth in business services.      Franchise and other
regulatory fees increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to increases in the revenue to which the fees apply.   
  Advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same
periods in 2015 primarily due to increases in spending associated with attracting new residential and business services customers and encouraging existing customers to add additional or higher-tier services.   
         34   

Table of Contents  

   Other costs and expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to increases in costs to support our advertising sales business, as well as increases in other administrative costs.       NBCUniversal Segments Actual and Pro Forma Results of Operations        
     
    Percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with NM.   

(a)  
    Pro forma adjustments are presented as if the acquisition of the 51% interest of Universal Studios Japan occurred on January 1, 2014. Pro forma
information does not include adjustments for transaction-related costs, costs related to integration activities, or cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined businesses. The pro forma amounts are primarily based on
historical results of operations and are subject to change as valuations are finalized. Pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of what our results would have been had we operated Universal Studios Japan since January 1, 2014, nor of our
future results.      
         35   

Table of Contents  

    Cable Networks Segment Results of Operations    
   
     Cable Networks Segment Revenue       Cable Networks revenue increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 due to increases in distribution revenue, advertising revenue and content
licensing and other revenue. The increases in distribution revenue were primarily due to our broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics in August 2016, as well as increases in the contractual rates charged under distribution agreements and contract
renewals, which were partially offset by declines in the number of subscribers at our cable networks. The increases in advertising revenue were primarily due to our broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics. In addition, while we continued to experience
declines in audience ratings at our networks that negatively affected advertising revenue, the impact of audience ratings was partially offset by higher prices for advertising units sold. The increases in content licensing and other revenue were
primarily due to the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements. Excluding $432 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics, Cable Networks segment revenue increased 4.1% and 4.3% for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.      For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 14% of our Cable
Networks segment revenue was generated from our Cable Communications segment. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, 13% of our Cable Networks segment revenue was generated from our Cable Communications segment. These amounts
are eliminated in our condensed consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.   
         36   

Table of Contents  

    Cable Networks Segment Operating Costs and Expenses    
  Operating costs and expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015
primarily due to increases in programming and production costs associated with the 2016 Rio Olympics, as well as increases in sports programming rights costs.       Broadcast Television Segment Results of Operations        
     Broadcast Television Segment Revenue       Broadcast Television revenue increased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to increases in advertising revenue and distribution and other revenue, which
were partially offset by a decrease in content licensing revenue. Broadcast Television revenue increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to increases in advertising revenue, distribution and other
revenue, and content licensing revenue. The increases in advertising revenue were primarily due to our broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics. Advertising revenue also increased due to higher prices for advertising units sold, which was partially offset
by declines in audience ratings. The increase in advertising revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by additional advertising revenue in the prior year period associated with our broadcast of the 2015 Super Bowl.
The increases in distribution and other revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily due to our broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics, as well as increases in fees recognized under our retransmission consent agreements.
The decrease in content licensing revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements. Excluding $1.2 billion of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016
Rio Olympics, revenue decreased 3.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2016. Excluding the revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics in the current year period and $376 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of
the 2015 Super Bowl in the prior year period, revenue increased 8.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
         37   

Table of Contents  

    Broadcast Television Segment Operating Costs and Expenses    
  Operating costs and expenses increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015
primarily due to increases in programming and production costs associated with our broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was partially offset by programming and production costs in the prior
year period associated with our broadcast of the 2015 Super Bowl.       Filmed Entertainment Segment Results of Operations    
   
     Filmed Entertainment Segment Revenue       Filmed Entertainment revenue decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 due to decreases in theatrical revenue and home entertainment revenue,
which were partially offset by increases in content licensing revenue and other revenue. Total revenue included amounts attributable to DreamWorks for the period from August 22, 2016 through September 30, 2016. The decrease in theatrical revenue for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the strong performances of  Jurassic World  and  Minions  in the prior year period, which were partially offset by the strong performance of  The Secret Life of Pets  in
the current year period. The decrease in theatrical revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was due to the strong performance in the prior year period of our larger film slate, which included  Furious 7 ,  Jurassic World  and
 Minions . The decreases in home entertainment revenue were primarily due   
         38   

Table of Contents  

to the strong performance of several releases in the prior year period, including  Furious 7  and  Pitch Perfect 2 . The increases in content licensing revenue were primarily due to the
timing of when content related to our 2015 film slate was made available under licensing agreements. The increases in other revenue were primarily due to increases in revenue from Fandango.      Filmed Entertainment Segment Operating Costs and Expenses       Operating costs and
expenses decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to decreases in programming and production costs and advertising, marketing and promotion expenses, which were partially
offset by increases in other operating and administrative expenses. Total operating costs and expenses included amounts attributable to DreamWorks for the period from August 22, 2016 through September 30, 2016, including $50 million related to
severance costs. The decreases in programming and production costs were primarily due to lower amortization of film production costs in the current year periods due to our larger film slate in 2015, which included  Furious 7 ,  Jurassic
World  and  Minions . The decreases in advertising, marketing and promotion expenses were primarily due to higher promotional costs associated with our larger film slate in the prior year periods.   
   Theme Parks Segment Actual and Pro Forma Results of Operations        
     
     Theme Parks Segment Revenue       Theme Parks revenue increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the pro forma combined revenue in the same periods in 2015 primarily due to increases in guest spending and
higher guest attendance driven by the successful opening of  The Wizarding World of Harry Potter   attraction in Hollywood in April 2016, as well as the positive impact of foreign currency translation due to the strengthening of the
Japanese yen. The strengthening of the Japanese yen accounted for approximately one-third of the increases in revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.       Theme Parks Segment Operating Costs and Expenses       Operating costs and expenses
increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the pro forma combined operating costs and expenses in the same periods in 2015 primarily due to additional costs associated with newer attractions, such as  The
Wizarding World of Harry Potter   attraction in Hollywood and  Skull Island: Reign of Kong   attraction in Orlando, as well as the impact of foreign currency translation due to the strengthening of the Japanese yen.   
  The strengthening of the Japanese yen accounted for approximately one-third of the increases in operating income before depreciation and
amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.   
         39   

Table of Contents  

    Corporate and Other Results of Operations    

Corporate and Other Revenue       Other revenue primarily relates to Comcast Spectacor, which owns the Philadelphia Flyers and the Wells Fargo Center arena in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and operates arena management-related businesses.
     Other revenue increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to
increases in revenue from several of our Comcast Spectacor businesses.       Corporate and Other Operating Costs and Expenses    
  Corporate and Other operating costs and expenses primarily includes overhead, personnel costs, the costs of corporate initiatives and
branding, and operating costs and expenses associated with Comcast Spectacor.      Corporate and Other operating costs and expenses
increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to an increase in expenses related to corporate activities and initiatives. Corporate and Other operating costs and expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included
$178 million of transaction-related costs associated with the Time Warner Cable merger and related divestiture transactions.       Consolidated Other
Income (Expense) Items, Net        
     Interest Expense       Interest expense increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to increases in our debt outstanding, including the Universal Studios
Japan term loans. Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included $47 million of additional interest expense associated with the early redemption in June 2015 of our $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.85% senior
notes due November 2015 and our $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.90% senior notes due March 2016.       Investment Income (Loss), Net
      The components of investment income (loss), net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are
presented in a table in Note 6 to Comcast s condensed consolidated financial statements.       Equity in Net Income (Losses) of Investees, Net
      The change in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in 2015 was primarily due to an increase in our proportionate share of losses at   
         40   

Table of Contents  

Hulu, LLC ( Hulu ), which was driven by Hulu s higher programming and marketing costs. The change in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to an impairment charge related to goodwill recorded by The Weather Channel in the prior year period. We recorded an expense of $252 million in the prior year period
representing NBCUniversal s proportionate share of this impairment charge, which was partially offset by an increase in our proportionate share of net losses of Hulu and Atairos Group, Inc. in the current year period.   
   Other Income (Expense), Net       Other
income (expense), net for the three months ended September 30, 2015 included a gain of $43 million related to an equity method investment, which was more than offset by $100 million of expenses related to fair value adjustments to contractual
obligations.      Other income (expense), net for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included a gain of $108 million related
to the sale of our investment in The Weather Channel s product and technology businesses. Other income (expense), net for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 included gains of $335 million on the sales of a business and an investment, $240
million on the settlement of a contingent consideration liability with General Electric Company related to the acquisition of NBCUniversal and $43 million related to an equity method investment, which were partially offset by $236 million of
expenses related to fair value adjustments to contractual obligations.       Consolidated Income Tax Expense    
  Income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 reflects an effective income tax rate that differs from
the federal statutory rate primarily due to state income taxes and adjustments associated with uncertain tax positions. We expect our 2016 annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 37% to 39%, absent changes in tax laws or significant changes
in uncertain tax positions.       Liquidity and Capital Resources       Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. We believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed
charges, through our cash flows from operating activities; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; available borrowings under our existing credit facilities; and our ability to obtain future external financing. We anticipate that we will
continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures, investing in business opportunities and returning capital to shareholders.   
   Operating Activities        Components of Net
Cash Provided by Operating Activities        
 
         41   

Table of Contents  

   The variance in changes in operating assets and liabilities for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to the timing of collections on our receivables and recognition of deferred revenue associated with the broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics in August 2016; the timing of film
and television production spending and related costs, net of amortization, including certain sports programming obligations; an increase in certain benefit payments; and the payment of a tax receivable agreement that DreamWorks previously entered
into with one of its former stockholders in the current year period.       Investing Activities    
  Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital
expenditures, acquisitions, deposits, intangible assets and purchases of investments. Capital expenditures increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to increased spending in our Cable
Communications segment associated with continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity, increased investment in line extensions, and continued spending on customer premise equipment related to the deployment of our X1
platform and wireless gateways. Capital expenditures in our NBCUniversal segments also increased primarily due to continued investment in our Universal theme parks, including Universal Studios Japan. Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, increased for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to the acquisition of DreamWorks in August 2016. Purchases of investments decreased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period
in 2015. Purchases of investments included capital contributions of $399 million to Atairos Group, Inc. in the current year period and NBCUniversal s additional investment in Vox Media, Inc. and acquisition of an interest in BuzzFeed, Inc. for
$200 million each in the prior year period.       Financing Activities       Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 consisted primarily of proceeds from borrowings, which were partially offset by repurchases of our common stock,
repayments of debt and dividend payments.      We have made, and may from time to time in the future make, optional repayments on
our debt obligations, which may include repurchases of our outstanding public notes and debentures, depending on various factors, such as market conditions. See Note 8 to Comcast s condensed consolidated financial statements for additional
information on our financing activities, including details of our debt repayments and borrowings.        Available Borrowings Under Credit Facilities
       We also maintain significant availability under our lines of credit and commercial paper programs to meet our
short-term liquidity requirements.      See Note 8 to Comcast s condensed consolidated financial statements for additional
information on the new Comcast and NBCUniversal Enterprise revolving credit facilities.      As of September 30, 2016, amounts
available under the new consolidated revolving credit facilities, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper programs and outstanding letters of credit, totaled $6.6 billion, which included $408 million available under the NBCUniversal
Enterprise revolving credit facility.        Share Repurchases and Dividends     
  Effective January 1, 2016, our Board of Directors increased our share repurchase program authorization to $10 billion, which does not have
an expiration date. Under the authorization, we may repurchase shares in the open market or in private transactions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased a total of 61 million shares of our Class A common stock for
approximately $3.8 billion. We expect to make $1.2 billion more in repurchases during the remainder of 2016, subject to market conditions.      In January 2016, our Board of Directors approved a 10.0% increase in our dividend to $1.10 per share on an annualized basis. In each of February, May and July 2016, our Board of Directors approved a
quarterly dividend of $0.275 per share as part of our planned annual dividend. We expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although each dividend is subject to approval by our Board of Directors.   
         42   

Table of Contents  

    Quarterly Dividends Declared    
   
     Critical Accounting Judgments and Estimates       The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure
of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. We base our judgments on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making estimates
about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.   
  We believe our judgments and related estimates associated with the valuation and impairment testing of our cable franchise rights and
accounting for film and television costs are critical in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements. We performed our annual impairment testing of our cable franchise rights as of July 1, 2016 and no impairment charge was
required.      For a more complete discussion of the accounting judgments and estimates that we have identified as critical in the
preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements, please refer to our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.   
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
  See Note 2 to each of Comcast s and NBCUniversal s condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information
related to recent accounting pronouncements.         ITEM 3: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
      We have evaluated the information required under this item that was disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and
there have been no significant changes to this information.         ITEM 4: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES     
   Comcast Corporation        Conclusions regarding disclosure
controls and procedures       Our principal executive and principal financial officers, after evaluating the effectiveness of
Comcast s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report, have concluded that, based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures
required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15, Comcast s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.      Changes
in internal control over financial reporting       There were no changes in Comcast s internal control over financial
reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during Comcast s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, Comcast s internal control over financial reporting.       NBCUniversal Media, LLC    
   Conclusions regarding disclosure controls and procedures       Our principal executive and principal financial officers, after evaluating the effectiveness of NBCUniversal s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of
the Exchange Act) as of the   
         43   

Table of Contents  

end of the period covered by this report, have concluded that, based on the evaluation of these controls and procedures required by paragraph (b) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15,
NBCUniversal s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.      Changes in internal control over financial reporting    
  There were no changes in NBCUniversal s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation
required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during NBCUniversal s last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, NBCUniversal s internal
control over financial reporting.         PART II: OTHER INFORMATION    
     ITEM 1: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS        Refer to Note 12     to Comcast s condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for a discussion of legal proceedings.   
  NBCUniversal is subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of its business and does not expect the final
disposition of these matters to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, although any such matters could be time-consuming and costly and could injure its reputation.   
     ITEM 1A: RISK FACTORS       There have been no significant changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A of our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.         ITEM 2: UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS       The table below summarizes Comcast s common stock repurchases under its Board-authorized share repurchase program during the three months ended September 30, 2016.   
   Purchases of Equity Securities        

(a)  
    Effective January 1, 2016, our Board of Directors increased our share repurchase authorization to $10 billion, which does not have an expiration
date. Under this authorization, we may repurchase shares in the open market or in private transactions. We expect to make $1.2 billion more in repurchases during the remainder of 2016, subject to market conditions.      
  The total number of shares purchased during the three months ended September 30, 2016 includes 113 shares received in the administration
of employee share-based compensation plans.   
         44   

Table of Contents  

      ITEM 5: OTHER INFORMATION    
   Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act Disclosure       Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, companies are required, among other things, to disclose certain activities, transactions or dealings with the
Government of Iran or entities controlled directly or indirectly by the Government of Iran. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings are conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and are
 de minimis . As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any activity, transaction or dealing during the three months ended September 30, 2016 that requires disclosure under the Act, except with respect to a January 2016 licensing
agreement by a non-U.S. subsidiary of DreamWorks prior to our August 2016 DreamWorks acquisition. The agreement licensed a prior season of a children s animated television series for a three-year, non-cancelable term and for a
one-time fee of $5,200 to a broadcasting company that is owned and controlled by the Government of Iran. The broadcasting company paid the license fee in the first quarter of 2016. We believe that DreamWorks conducted its licensing activity in
compliance with applicable laws and that the license is for the permissible exportation of informational materials pursuant to certain statutory and regulatory exemptions from U.S. sanctions.         ITEM 6: EXHIBITS        Comcast    

Exhibit No.  
     
  Description   

10.1*   
     
    Amendment No. 3 to Employment Agreement with Stephen B. Burke, dated as of July 25, 2016 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 99.1 to Comcast s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2016).    
 
      31.1   
     
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    
 
      32.1   
     
    Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    
 
      101   
     
    The following financial statements from Comcast Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income; (iii) the Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows; (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity; and (vi) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.    

*  
    Constitutes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.          NBCUniversal        

Exhibit No.  
     
  Description   

31.2   
     
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.    
 
      32.2   
     
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002.    
 
      101   
     
    The following financial statements from NBCUniversal Media, LLC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 26, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income; (iii) the Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows; (v) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity; and (vi) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements.    
     
         45   

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES        Comcast       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.        

COMCAST CORPORATION    

By:     
     
    /s/ LAWRENCE J. SALVA    

Lawrence J. Salva     Executive
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer     (Principal Accounting Officer)    
 
   Date: October 26, 2016       NBCUniversal       Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.        

NBCUNIVERSAL MEDIA, LLC    

By:     
     
    /s/ LAWRENCE J. SALVA    

Lawrence J. Salva     Executive
Vice President     (Principal Accounting Officer)    
 
   Date: October 26, 2016   
         46   

Table of Contents  

      NBCUniversal Media, LLC Financial Statements    

Index  
     
  Page  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet    

48  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income    

49  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income    

50  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows    

51  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity    

52  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

53  

47   

Table of Contents  

   NBCUniversal Media, LLC         Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet        (Unaudited)    
   
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         48   

Table of Contents  

   NBCUniversal Media, LLC         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income        (Unaudited)
       
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         49   

Table of Contents  

   NBCUniversal Media, LLC         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income    
   (Unaudited)        
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         50   

Table of Contents  

   NBCUniversal Media, LLC         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows        (Unaudited)
       
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         51   

Table of Contents  

   NBCUniversal Media, LLC         Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity        (Unaudited)
       
    See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         52   

Table of Contents  

   NBCUniversal Media, LLC         NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        (Unaudited)    
   Note 1: Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    
   Basis of Presentation       Unless
indicated otherwise, throughout these notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements, we refer to NBCUniversal and its consolidated subsidiaries as  we,   us  and  our.  We have prepared these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements based on SEC rules that permit reduced disclosure for interim periods. These financial statements include all adjustments that are necessary for a fair presentation of our consolidated results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows for the periods shown, including normal, recurring accruals and other items. The consolidated results of operations for the interim periods presented are not necessarily indicative of results for the
full year.      The year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet was derived from audited financial statements but does not
include all disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ). For a more complete discussion of our accounting policies and certain other information, refer to our consolidated financial
statements included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.       Note 2: Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
   Revenue Recognition       In May 2014,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) updated the accounting guidance related to revenue recognition. The updated accounting guidance provides a single, contract-based revenue recognition model to help improve financial
reporting by providing clearer guidance on when an entity should recognize revenue and by reducing the number of standards to which an entity has to refer. The updated guidance is effective for us as of January 1, 2018. The updated accounting
guidance provides companies with alternative methods of adoption. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that the updated accounting guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and our method of adoption.
      Consolidations       In
February 2015, the FASB updated the accounting guidance related to consolidation under the variable interest entity ( VIE ) and voting interest entity models. The updated accounting guidance modifies the consolidation guidance for VIEs,
limited partnerships and similar legal entities. We have adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2016 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.       Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities       In January 2016, the FASB updated the
accounting guidance related to the recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. The updated accounting guidance, among other things, requires that all nonconsolidated equity investments, except those accounted for under
the equity method, be measured at fair value and that the changes in fair value be recognized in net income. The updated guidance is effective for us as of January 1, 2018. The updated accounting guidance requires a cumulative effect adjustment to
beginning retained earnings when the guidance is adopted with certain exceptions. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that the updated accounting guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.   
   Leases       In February 2016, the FASB
updated the accounting guidance related to leases. The updated accounting guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with the exception of short-term leases. For a lessee,
the recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease do not significantly change from previous guidance. For a lessor, the accounting applied   
         53   

Table of Contents  

NBCUniversal Media, LLC       
   
is also largely unchanged from previous guidance. The updated guidance is effective for us as of January 1, 2019 and early adoption is permitted. The updated accounting guidance must be adopted
using a modified retrospective approach for leases that exist or are entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period in the financial statements. We are currently in the process of determining the impact that the updated
accounting guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.       Share-Based Compensation    
  In March 2016, the FASB updated the accounting guidance that affects several aspects of the accounting for share-based compensation. The
most significant change for us relates to the presentation of the income and withholding tax consequences of share-based compensation in our consolidated financial statements. Among the changes, the updated guidance requires that the excess income
tax benefits or deficiencies that arise when the tax consequences of share-based compensation differ from amounts previously recognized in the statement of income be recognized as income tax benefit or expense in the statement of income rather than
as additional paid-in capital in the balance sheet. The guidance also states that excess income tax benefits should not be presented separately from other income taxes in the statement of cash flows and, thus, should be classified as an operating
activity rather than a financing activity as they are under the current guidance. In addition, the updated guidance requires when an employer withholds shares upon exercise of options or the vesting of restricted stock for the purpose of meeting
withholding tax requirements, that the cash paid for withholding taxes be classified as a financing activity. We currently record these amounts within operating activities.      We will implement the updated guidance in the first quarter of 2017. As a limited liability company, we do not expect the updated accounting guidance related to the excess income tax benefits or
deficiencies to be recognized in the statement of income to have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. In addition, we do not expect the updated accounting guidance to have a material impact on our statement of cash flows.   
   Note 3: Significant Transactions        DreamWorks
      On August 22, 2016, Comcast acquired all of the outstanding stock of DreamWorks Animation SKG, Inc.
( DreamWorks ) for $3.8 billion. DreamWorks  stockholders received $41 in cash for each share of DreamWorks common stock. DreamWorks creates animated feature films, television series and specials, live entertainment and related
consumer products.     Following the acquisition, Comcast converted DreamWorks to a limited liability company and contributed its
equity, as well as cash to settle a tax receivable agreement that DreamWorks had previously entered into with one of its former stockholders (the  tax receivable agreement ), to us as capital contributions. The net assets contributed to us
excluded deferred income taxes and other tax-related items recorded by Comcast. The results of operations for DreamWorks are reported in our Filmed Entertainment segment following the acquisition date and are presented as if the equity contribution
occurred on the date of Comcast s acquisition.      The transaction is accounted for under the acquisition method of
accounting and, accordingly, the assets and liabilities are to be recorded at their fair market values as of the acquisition date. Due to the limited amount of time since the acquisition date, the assets and liabilities of DreamWorks were recorded
based primarily on their historical carrying values. We recorded the debt we assumed from DreamWorks at its estimated fair value of $381 million and we recorded a liability for the tax receivable agreement at its estimated fair value of $146
million. The fair value of the assumed debt was primarily based on quoted market values. The fair value of the tax receivable agreement was based on the contractual settlement provisions in the agreement and the value is subject to adjustment. The
remaining assets and liabilities primarily consisted of goodwill and film and television costs. We will adjust the remaining assets and liabilities to fair value as valuations are completed and we obtain information necessary to complete the
analyses, but no later than one year from the acquisition date. For purposes of the preliminary allocation of purchase price, the excess of the total transaction value over the recorded values of the net assets acquired has been recorded as
goodwill.   
         54   

Table of Contents  

NBCUniversal Media, LLC       
   The tax receivable agreement was settled immediately following the acquisition and the
payment was recorded as an operating activity in our condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. In addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, we repaid all of the assumed debt of DreamWorks (see Note 8).   
  Revenue and net income attributable to the acquisition of DreamWorks were not material for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred severance costs of $50 million, which were recorded in operating costs and expenses in our Filmed Entertainment segment.       Universal Studios Japan       On November 13, 2015, we acquired a 51% economic interest in
the Universal Studios theme park in Osaka, Japan ( Universal Studios Japan ) for $1.5 billion.      Universal Studios
Japan is a VIE based on the governance structure and we consolidate Universal Studios Japan as we have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact its economic performance. There are no liquidity arrangements, guarantees, or other
financial commitments between us and Universal Studios Japan, and therefore our maximum risk of financial loss is our 51% interest. Universal Studios Japan s results of operations are reported in our Theme Parks segment following the
acquisition date.        Preliminary Allocation of Purchase Price        The acquired assets and liabilities of Universal Studios Japan and the 49% noncontrolling interest were recorded at their estimated fair values. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we updated
the preliminary allocation of purchase price for Universal Studios Japan based on valuation analyses, which primarily resulted in increases to property and equipment and intangible assets and a decrease in goodwill. The changes did not have a
material impact on our consolidated financial statements. We may adjust these amounts further as valuations are finalized and we obtain information necessary to complete the analyses, but no later than one year from the acquisition date.   
  The table below presents the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the assets and liabilities of Universal Studios Japan.
      Preliminary Allocation of Purchase Price        
      Actual and Unaudited Pro Forma Results        Our consolidated revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 included $424 million and $1.1 billion, respectively, from the acquisition of Universal Studios Japan. Our consolidated net
income attributable to NBCUniversal for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 included $48 million and $76 million, respectively, from the acquisition of Universal Studios Japan.   
  The following unaudited pro forma information has been presented as if the acquisition of Universal Studios Japan occurred on
January 1, 2014. This information is primarily based on historical results of operations and is subject to change as valuations are finalized. In addition, the unaudited pro forma accounting adjustments are not necessarily indicative of what
our results would have been had we operated Universal Studios Japan since January 1, 2014. No pro forma adjustments have been made for our transaction-related expenses.   
         55   

Table of Contents  

NBCUniversal Media, LLC       
    Unaudited Pro Forma Results    
   
     Note 4: Related Party Transactions       In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into transactions with Comcast.   
  We generate revenue from Comcast primarily from the distribution of our cable network programming, the fees received under retransmission
consent agreements in our Broadcast Television segment and, to a lesser extent, the sale of advertising and our owned programming, and we incur expenses primarily related to advertising and various support services provided by Comcast to us.
     In September 2016, as part of the Comcast cash management process, we and Comcast amended and restated our revolving credit
agreements to increase the amount that we can borrow from Comcast and that Comcast can borrow from us from $3 billion to $5 billion and extended the maturity date to 2026. Amounts owed by us to Comcast or to us by Comcast under the revolving credit
agreement, including accrued interest, are presented under the captions  note payable to Comcast  and  note receivable from Comcast,  respectively, in our condensed consolidated balance sheet. The revolving credit agreements bear
interest at floating rates equal to the interest rate calculation under Comcast s revolving credit facility. The interest rate on Comcast s revolving credit facility consists of a base rate plus a borrowing margin that is determined based
on Comcast s credit rating. As of September 30, 2016, the borrowing margin for our London Interbank Offered Rate-based borrowings was 1.00%.      Comcast is also the counterparty to one of our contractual obligations. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the liability associated with this contractual obligation was $383 million.
     The following tables present transactions with Comcast and its consolidated subsidiaries that are included in our condensed
consolidated financial statements.       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet    
   
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income    

56   

Table of Contents  

NBCUniversal Media, LLC       
    Note 5: Film and Television Costs    
   
     Note 6: Investments        
     Equity Method         The
Weather Channel        On January 29, 2016, following a legal restructuring at The Weather Channel, we and the other
investors sold the entity holding The Weather Channel s product and technology businesses to IBM. Following the close of the transaction, we continue to hold an investment in The Weather Channel cable network through a new holding company. As a
result of the sale of our investment, we recognized a pretax gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of $108 million in other income (expense), net.      During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, The Weather Channel recorded an impairment charge related to goodwill. We recorded an expense of $252 million that represents our proportionate share of
this impairment charge in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net in our condensed consolidated statement of income.        Hulu
       In August 2016, Time Warner Inc. acquired a 10% interest in Hulu, LLC ( Hulu ), which diluted our interest
in Hulu from 33% to 30%. For a period not to exceed three years, Time Warner may put its shares to Hulu or Hulu may call Time Warner s shares under certain limited circumstances arising from regulatory review. Given the contingent nature of the
put and call options, we recorded a deferred gain of $159 million and a corresponding increase to our investment in Hulu as a result of the dilution. The deferred gain will be recognized in other income (expense), net if and when the options expire
unexercised.   
         57   

Table of Contents  

NBCUniversal Media, LLC       
   For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized our proportionate
share of losses of $43 million and $108 million, respectively, related to our investment in Hulu. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized our proportionate share of losses of $19 million and $43 million, respectively,
related to our investment in Hulu.       Note 7: Goodwill        
    Acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included the DreamWorks acquisition in our
Filmed Entertainment segment (see Note 3 for additional information). Adjustments to goodwill during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 included the updated preliminary allocation of the purchase price for Universal Studios Japan in our Theme
Parks segment.       Note 8: Long-Term Debt       As of September 30, 2016, our debt, excluding the note payable to Comcast, had a carrying value of $12.1 billion and an estimated fair value of $13.6 billion. The estimated fair value of our publicly
traded debt is primarily based on Level 1 inputs that use quoted market values for the debt. The estimated fair value of debt for which there are no quoted market prices is based on Level 2 inputs that use interest rates available to us for debt
with similar terms and remaining maturities.       Debt Repayments       Following Comcast s acquisition of DreamWorks, we paid $381 million to settle all of the debt we assumed in the DreamWorks acquisition. In April 2016, we repaid at maturity $1 billion aggregate
principal amount of 2.875% senior notes due 2016.       Cross-Guarantee Structure    
  We, Comcast and a 100% owned cable holding company subsidiary of Comcast ( CCCL Parent ) have fully and unconditionally
guaranteed each other s debt securities, including the $7 billion Comcast revolving credit facility due 2021. As of September 30, 2016, we guaranteed $43.5 billion of outstanding debt securities of Comcast and CCCL Parent.   
  We do not, however, guarantee the obligations of NBCUniversal Enterprise with respect to its $3.3 billion aggregate principal amount of
senior notes, $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, or $725 million liquidation preference of Series A cumulative preferred stock.       Note 9: Share-Based Compensation       Comcast maintains share-based compensation plans
that primarily consist of awards of restricted share units and stock options to certain employees and directors as part of its approach to long-term incentive compensation. Additionally, through its employee stock purchase plans, employees are able
to purchase shares of Comcast Class A common stock at a discount through payroll deductions. Certain of our employees participate in these plans and the expense associated with their participation is settled in cash with Comcast.   
         58   

Table of Contents  

NBCUniversal Media, LLC       
    Recognized Share-Based Compensation Expense    
   
     Note 10: Supplemental Financial Information        Receivables        
     Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)    
   
     Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities    

59   

Table of Contents  

NBCUniversal Media, LLC       
    Cash Payments for Interest and Income Taxes    
   
     Noncash Investing and Financing Activities       During the nine months ended September 30, 2016:       

we acquired $211 million of property and equipment and intangible assets that were accrued but unpaid    

Comcast contributed the net assets of DreamWorks to us, which was primarily a noncash transaction (see Note 3)    
           Note 11: Financial Data by Business Segment    
  We present our operations in four reportable business segments:   

Cable Networks:  Consists primarily of our national cable networks, our regional sports and news networks, our international cable networks
and our cable television studio production operations.    

Broadcast Television:  Consists primarily of the NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks, our NBC and Telemundo owned local broadcast television
stations, the NBC Universo national cable network, and our broadcast television studio production operations.    

Filmed Entertainment:  Consists primarily of the operations of Universal Pictures, which produces, acquires, markets and distributes filmed
entertainment worldwide. On August 22, 2016, Comcast acquired all of the outstanding stock of DreamWorks. The results of operations for DreamWorks are reported in our Filmed Entertainment segment following the acquisition date.    

Theme Parks:  Consists primarily of our Universal theme parks in Orlando, Florida; Hollywood, California; and Osaka, Japan.    
          In evaluating the profitability of our operating segments, the components
of net income (loss) below operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization are not separately evaluated by our management. Our financial data by business segment is presented in the tables below.   

60   

Table of Contents  

NBCUniversal Media, LLC       

(a)  
    The revenue and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2016 Rio Olympics were reported in our Cable Networks and
Broadcast Television segments. The revenue and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2015 Super Bowl were reported in our Broadcast Television segment.      

(b)  
    Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, we changed our method of accounting for a contractual obligation that involves an interest in the revenue
of certain theme parks. As a result of the change, amounts payable based on current period revenue are presented in operating costs and expenses. Amounts paid through the third quarter of 2015 were included in other income (expense), net in our
consolidated statement of income. For segment reporting purposes, we have adjusted periods prior to the fourth quarter of 2015 to reflect management reporting presentation for this expense on a consistent basis for all periods in the Theme Parks
segment, which resulted in a corresponding offsetting adjustment in Eliminations to reconcile to consolidated totals.          

(c)  
    Headquarters and Other activities include costs associated with overhead, personnel costs and headquarter initiatives.      

(d)  
    Included in Eliminations are transactions that our segments enter into with one another, which consist primarily of the licensing of film and
television content from our Filmed Entertainment and Broadcast Television segments to our Cable Networks segment.          

(e)  
    No single customer accounted for a significant amount of revenue in any period.      

(f)  
    We use operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, excluding impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains
or losses on the sale of assets, if any, as the measure of profit or loss for our operating segments. This measure eliminates the significant level of noncash amortization expense that results from intangible assets recognized in business
combinations. Additionally, it is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. We use this measure to evaluate our consolidated operating performance and the operating performance of our operating segments and to allocate resources
and capital to our operating segments. It is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. We believe that this measure is useful to investors because it is one of the bases for comparing our operating
performance with that of other companies in our industries, although our measure may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies. This measure should not be considered a substitute for operating income (loss), net income
(loss) attributable to NBCUniversal, net cash provided by operating activities, or other measures of performance or liquidity we have reported in accordance with GAAP.      
         61   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d254415dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1        CERTIFICATIONS       I, Brian L. Roberts, certify that:   

1.  
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Comcast Corporation;      

2.  
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.  
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;          

4.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

a)  
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

b)  
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)  
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and          

d)  
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

a)  
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and          

b)  
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.         Date: October 26, 2016   

/s/ BRIAN L. ROBERTS    
 
    Name: Brian L. Roberts    
 
    Title: Chief Executive Officer    

I, Michael J. Cavanagh, certify that:   

1.  
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Comcast Corporation;      

2.  
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.  
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;          

4.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

a)  
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

b)  
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)  
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and          

d)  
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

a)  
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and          

b)  
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.         Date: October 26, 2016   

/s/ MICHAEL J. CAVANAGH    
 
    Name: Michael J. Cavanagh    
 
    Title: Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d254415dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2        CERTIFICATIONS       I, Brian L. Roberts, certify that:   

1.  
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NBCUniversal Media, LLC;      

2.  
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.  
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;          

4.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

a)  
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

b)  
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)  
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and          

d)  
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

a)  
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and          

b)  
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.         Date: October 26, 2016   

/s/ BRIAN L. ROBERTS    
 
    Name: Brian L. Roberts    
 
    Title: Principal Executive Officer    

I, Michael J. Cavanagh, certify that:   

1.  
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NBCUniversal Media, LLC;      

2.  
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;      

3.  
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;          

4.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:      

a)  
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;      

b)  
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)  
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and          

d)  
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5.  
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):      

a)  
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and          

b)  
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting.          

Date: October 26, 2016    

/s/ MICHAEL J. CAVANAGH    
 
    Name: Michael J. Cavanagh    
 
    Title: Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 d254415dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1        Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act       October 26,
2016     Securities and Exchange Commission   
  100 F Street, N.E.      Washington, D.C. 20549      Ladies and Gentlemen:   
  The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Comcast Corporation (the
 Report ) for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code.
     Brian L. Roberts, the Chief Executive Officer, and Michael J. Cavanagh, the Chief Financial Officer, of Comcast Corporation,
each certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:       

1.  
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and      

2.  
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Comcast
Corporation.           

/s/ BRIAN L. ROBERTS    
 
    Name: Brian L. Roberts  
  Title: Chief Executive Officer    

/s/ MICHAEL J. CAVANAGH    
 
    Name: Michael J. Cavanagh  
  Title: Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 d254415dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2        Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act       October 26,
2016     Securities and Exchange Commission   
  100 F Street, N.E.      Washington, D.C. 20549      Ladies and Gentlemen:   
  The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of NBCUniversal Media, LLC
(the  Report ) for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code.
     Brian L. Roberts, the Principal Executive Officer, and Michael J. Cavanagh, the Principal Financial Officer, of NBCUniversal
Media, LLC, each certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:       

1.  
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and      

2.  
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of NBCUniversal
Media, LLC.           

/s/ BRIAN L. ROBERTS    
 
    Name: Brian L. Roberts  
  Title: Principal Executive Officer    

/s/ MICHAEL J. CAVANAGH    
 
    Name: Michael J. Cavanagh  
  Title: Principal Financial Officer    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cmcsa-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cmcsa-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cmcsa-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cmcsa-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cmcsa-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cmcsa-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

