<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1005101_0001654954-16-004203_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2617813</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87617</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>173194</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>780730</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>904051</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>608866</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-16-004203.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121090127
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-16-004203
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005101
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				954442384
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29913
		FILM NUMBER:		162009177

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		29115 VALLEY CENTER RD. K-206
		CITY:			VALLEY CENTER
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92082
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-800-2978

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		29115 VALLEY CENTER RD. K-206
		CITY:			VALLEY CENTER
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92082

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STARFEST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000310

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-16-004203.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 cncg_10q.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

Blueprint 

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

[X]
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

OR 

[ ]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the
transition period from _________ to __________ 

Commission
File No.  000-29913  

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
of Incorporation: Nevada 

IRS
Employer I.D. Number: 95-4442384 

29115
Valley Center Rd. K-206 

Valley
Center, CA 92082 

866-800-2978 

____________________________________________________ 

(Address
and telephone number of registrant's principal 

executive
offices and principal place of business) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to
be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
[X]No [ ] 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). 

Yes
[X]                      No
[ ] 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. 

Large
accelerated filer [ ] 

Accelerated filer [
] 

Non-accelerated
filer [ ] 

Smaller
reporting company [X] 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X] 

As of
November 14, 2016, there were 67,953,870 shares of the
Registrant s Common Stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding and
3,754,354 shares of its Series B Convertible Voting Preferred
Stock, par value $0.001. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page  

PART I
- FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

3 

Item
1.                     
Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

3 

Item
2.                     
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition  and Results of Operations 

22 

Item
3.                     
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk. 

27 

Item
4.                     
Controls and Procedures 

28 

PART II
  Other Information 

28 

Item
1.              
       Legal Proceedings 

28 

Item
1A.          
        Risk Factors 

28 

Item
2.             
        Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

28 

Item
3.             
        Defaults Upon Senior
Securities 

28 

Item
4.            
         Mine Safety
Disclosures 

28 

Item
5.              
       Other Information 

28 

Item
6.             
        Exhibits 

30 

SIGNATURES 

33 

2 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1.        

  Financial
Statements 

3 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(UNAUDITED)     

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
consolidated financial statements.     

4 

5 

6 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

NOTE
1. 

  ORGANIZATION
AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Concierge
Technologies, Inc., (the  Company ), a Nevada
corporation, was originally incorporated in California on August
18, 1993 as Fanfest, Inc. On March 20, 2002, the Company changed
its name to Concierge Technologies, Inc. The Company s
principal operations include  Gourmet Foods, a
manufacturer and distributor of meat pies in New Zealand, Brigadier
Security Systems, a provider of security alarm installation and
monitoring located in Canada, and  Kahnalytics, Inc. a
California corporation providing vehicle-based live streaming video
and event recording to online subscribers. 

NOTE
2. 

  ACCOUNTING
POLICIES 

Accounting Principles 

In the
opinion of management, the accompanying balance sheets and related
interim statements of income and comprehensive income, and cash
flows include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring
items, necessary for their fair presentation in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( U.S. GAAP ). Interim results are not
necessarily indicative of results for a full year. The information
included in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with
information included in the Company s 2016 Form 10-K filed on
October 21, 2016 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of Concierge Technologies, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries,
Kahnalytics, Inc., Brigadier Security Systems and Gourmet Foods,
Ltd. All significant inter-company transactions and accounts have
been eliminated in consolidation. 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and Foreign Currency 

We
record foreign currency translation adjustments and transaction
gains and losses in accordance with SFAS 52, Foreign Currency
Translation. The accounts of Gourmet Foods, Ltd. use the New
Zealand dollar as the functional currency. The accounts of
Brigadier Security System use the Canadian dollar as the functional
currency. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange
rate on the balance sheet date, and operating results are
translated at the average exchange rate throughout the period.
Accumulated translation loss classified as an item of accumulated
other comprehensive loss in the stockholders  equity section
of the consolidated balance sheet was $39,241 as of September 30,
2016. 

Use of Estimates 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements is in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America which requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

Concentrations
of Risk 

The
Company maintains cash balances at a financial institution
headquartered in San Diego, California. Accounts are insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250,000 per depositor.
The Company s uninsured cash balance in the United States was
$66,005 at September 30, 2016. Cash balances in Canada are
maintained at a financial institution in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Each account is insured up to CD$100,000 by Canada Deposit
Insurance Corporation (CDIC). The Company s uninsured cash
balance in Canada was CD$276,147 (approximately US$210,032) at
September 30, 2016. Balances at financial institutions within
certain foreign countries, including New Zealand where the Company
maintains cash balances, are not covered by insurance. As of
September 30, 2016, the Company had uninsured deposits related to
cash deposits in uninsured accounts maintained within foreign
entities of approximately $564,216. The Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts. 

Major
customers   suppliers 

Concierge, through
Kahnalytics as a licensed user of a proprietary software
application, is dependent on the continued support of this online
platform and the adherence to the license contract terms between
Kahnalytics and the foreign-based licensor. Kahnalytics is also
largely dependent on its single-source sales channel to continue to
expand its dealer network of resellers who, in turn, activate
subscribers to the Kahnalytics service. No single customer accounts
for a significant percentage of sales or accounts receivable.
Hardware sold by Kahnalytics is currently supplied by one source,
however in the event this source proves to be inadequate there are
other alternative sources of equal or comparable devices as needed
by Kahnalytics. During the 3-month period ended September 30, 2015
Kahnalytics had just one customer accounting for 100% of its sales.
Correspondingly, Kahnalytics had only two suppliers of the hardware
it sold with the larger of the suppliers accounting for 92% of the
cost of goods sold for 3-month period ended September 30, 2015.
Sales of these products were discontinued during the current fiscal
year. 

7 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

Concierge, through
Brigadier Security Systems, is dependent upon its contractual
relationship with the alarm monitoring company who purchases the
monitoring contracts and provides monitoring services to
Brigadier s customers. In the event this contract is
terminated Brigadier would be compelled to find an alternate source
of alarm monitoring, or establish such a facility itself.
Management believes that the contractual relationship is
sustainable, and has been for many years, with alternate solutions
available should the need arise. Sales to the two largest
customers, which includes contracts and recurring monthly residuals
from the monitoring company, totaled 51% of the total revenues for
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, and accounted for
approximately 35% of accounts receivable as of the balance sheet
date of September 30, 2016 

Concierge, through
Gourmet Foods, has three major customer groups comprising the gross
revenues to Gourmet Foods; 1) grocery, 2) gasoline convenience
stores, 3) independent retailers. The grocery and food industry is
dominated by several large chain operations, which are customers of
Gourmet Foods, and there are no long term guarantees that these
major customers will continue to purchase products from Gourmet
Foods, however the relationships have been in place for sufficient
time to give management reasonable confidence in their continuing
business. For the 3-month period ending andbalance sheet date of
September 30, 2016, our largest customer in the grocery industry,
who operates through a number independently branded stores,
accounted for approximately 20% of our gross sales revenues and 28%
of our accounts receivable. The second largest in the grocery
industry accounted for approximately 11% of our gross revenues but
less than 10% of our accounts receivable. In the gasoline
convenience store market we supply two major accounts. The largest
is a marketing consortium of gasoline dealers accounting for
approximately 41% of our gross sales revenues and 23% of our
accounts receivable. The second largest are independent operators
accounting for less than 10% of gross sales but approximately 14%
of accounts receivable. The third category of independent retailers
accounted for the balance of our gross sales revenue however the
group is fragmented and no one customer accounts for a significant
portion of our revenues. 

For the
three-month period ending September 30, 2015 and the balance sheet
date of September 30, 2015 largest customer in the grocery industry
accounted for approximately 14% of revenues and 27% of accounts
receivable. For the gasoline convenience store sector, the largest
customer is a consortium of independent owners who accounted for
approximately 42% of revenues and 17% of accounts receivable
(though no single member of the consortium accounted for more than
2% of accounts receivable). Independent retail stores accounted for
approximately 11% of revenues however no single store accounted for
any significant amount of the accounts receivable. The balance of
the revenues and accounts receivable were not dominated by any
significant single source for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2015. Gourmet Foods is not dependent upon any one
major supplier as many alternative sources are available in the
local market place should the need arise. 

Reclassifications 

For
comparative purposes, prior year s condensed consolidated
financial statements have been reclassified to conform to report
classifications of the current year. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers, which supersedes nearly all existing revenue
recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP. The core principle of ASU
2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services
are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those
goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five step process to
achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and
estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process
than are required under existing U.S. GAAP. This pronouncement is
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016, and is to be applied using one of two retrospective
application methods, with early application not permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption
of ASU 2014-09 on its consolidated financial
statements. 

In January 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU)
No. 2015-01 (Subtopic 225-20) -   Income Statement -
Extraordinary and Unusual Items  . ASU 2015-01 eliminates the concept of an
extraordinary item from GAAP. As a result, an entity will no longer
be required to segregate extraordinary items from the results of
ordinary operations, to separately present an extraordinary item on
its income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing
operations or to disclose income taxes and earnings-per-share data
applicable to an extraordinary item. However, ASU 2015-01 will
still retain the presentation and disclosure guidance for items
that are unusual in nature and occur infrequently. ASU 2015-01 is
effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The
adoption of ASU 2015-01 is not expected to have a material effect
on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Early
adoption is permitted.  

In February, 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
(ASU) No. 2015-02,   Consolidation (Topic 810):
Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis.   ASU 2015-02 provides guidance on the
consolidation evaluation for reporting organizations that are
required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal
entities such as limited partnerships, limited liability
corporations, and securitization structures (collateralized debt
obligations, collateralized loan obligations, and mortgage-backed
security transactions). ASU 2015-02 is effective for periods
beginning after December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2015-02 is
not expected to have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. Early adoption is
permitted.  

In September, 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-16,   Business Combinations (Topic
805).   Topic 805 requires
that an acquirer retrospectively adjust provisional amounts
recognized in a business combination, during the measurement
period. To simplify the accounting for adjustments made to
provisional amounts, the amendments in the Update require that the
acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are
identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in
which the adjustment amount is determined. The acquirer is required
to also record, in the same period s financial statements,
the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or
other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the
provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been
completed at the acquisition date.  In addition an entity is
required to present separately on the face of the income statement
or disclose in the notes to the financial statements the portion of
the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that
would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the
adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the
acquisition date. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years
beginning December 15, 2015. The adoption of ASU 2015-016 is not
expected to have a material effect on the Company s
consolidated financial statements.  

8 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No.
2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification
of Deferred Taxes  . The new
guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities,
along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as
noncurrent on the balance sheet. This update is effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim
periods within those annual periods. The Company does not
anticipate the adoption of this ASU will have a significant impact
on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or
cash flows.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,   Leases (Topic
842)  . The guidance in ASU No.
2016-02 supersedes the lease recognition requirements in ASC Topic
840,   Leases (FAS
13)  . ASU 2016-02 requires an
entity to recognize assets and liabilities arising from a lease for
both financing and operating leases, along with additional
qualitative and quantitative disclosures. ASU 2016-02 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, with early
adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect
this standard will have on its consolidated financial
statements.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-09,   Improvements
to Employee Share Based Payment Accounting  , to simplify several aspects of the accounting
for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax
consequences, classification of awards as either equity or
liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The
guidance will be effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those annual periods.
Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim
period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the
adoption of this newly issued guidance to its consolidated
financial statements.  

No
other recently issued accounting pronouncements are expected to
have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. 

NOTE
3. 

  GOING
CONCERN 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles, which contemplate
continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has an
accumulated deficit of $6,547,778 as of September 30 2016,
including a net loss of $116,256 during the 3-month period ended
September 30, 2016. The historical losses have adversely affected
the liquidity of the Company. Although losses are expected to be
curtailed during the current fiscal year due to the increasing
revenues of its wholly owned subsidiaries, along with the planned
acquisition of other revenue producing subsidiaries, the Company
faces continuing significant business risks, which include, but are
not limited to, its ability to maintain vendor and supplier
relationships by making timely payments when due, continue product
research and development efforts at Kahnalytics, and successfully
compete for customers within the areas of interest for its Canadian
and New Zealand held subsidiaries .  

In view
of the matters described in the preceding paragraph, recoverability
of a major portion of the recorded asset amounts shown in the
accompanying balance sheet is dependent upon continued operations
of the Company, which in turn is dependent upon the Company s
ability to increase profitability from its subsidiary operations,
obtain financing, and succeed in its future operations. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or
amounts or classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. 

9 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

Management
has taken the following steps to revise its operating and financial
requirements, which it believes are sufficient to provide the
Company with the ability to continue as a going concern. Management
devoted considerable effort from inception through the period ended
September 30, 2016, towards (i) sourcing additional working capital
including $200,000 debt issuance completed subsequent to September
30, 2016, (ii) management of accrued expenses and accounts payable,
(iii) acquisition of profit producing subsidiaries, and (iv) other
business combinations between entities where we have a common
controlling interest such as Wainwright Holdings. 

Management
believes that the above actions will allow the Company to continue
operations for the next 12 months. 

NOTE
4. 

  INVENTORY 

Inventories
consisted of the following :- 

NOTE
5. 

  PROPERTY
AND EQUIPMENT 

Property
and equipment consisted of the following as of September 30, 2016
and June 30, 2016: 

Depreciation
expense amounted to $69,533 and $37,329 for the three-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

10 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

NOTE
6. 

  GOODWILL 

Goodwill represents the excess of the aggregate purchase price over
the fair value of the net assets acquired in business combinations.
Goodwill comprised of the following amounts: 

The Company tests for goodwill impairment at each reporting unit.
There was no goodwill impairment for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016. 

NOTE
7. 

  INTANGIBLE
ASSETS 

Intangible assets consisted of the following: 

CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP 

On August 11, 2105, the Company acquired Gourmet Foods, Ltd. The
fair value on the acquired customer relationships was estimated to
be $66,153 and is amortized over the remaining useful life of 10
years. On June 2, 2016, the Company acquired Brigadier Security
Systems. The fair value on the acquired customer relationships was
estimated to be $434,098 and is amortized over the remaining useful
life of 10 years. 

BRAND
NAME  

On August 11, 2105, the Company acquired Gourmet Foods, Ltd. The
fair value on the acquired brand name was estimated to be $61,429
and is amortized over the remaining useful life of 10 years. On
June 2, 2016, the Company acquired Brigadier Security Systems. The
fair value on the acquired brand name was estimated to be $340,694
and is amortized over the remaining useful life of 10
years. 

11 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

DOMAIN NAME 

On August 11, 2105, the Company acquired Gourmet Foods, Ltd. The
fair value on the acquired domain name was estimated to be $21,601
and is amortized over the remaining useful life of 5 years. On June
2, 2016, the Company acquired Brigadier Security Systems. The fair
value on the acquired domain name was estimated to be $15,312 and
is amortized over the remaining useful life of 5
years. 

RECIPES 

On August 11, 2105, the Company acquired Gourmet Foods, Ltd. The
fair value on the recipes was estimated to be $21,601 and is
amortized over the remaining useful life of 5 years. 

NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT 

On June 2, 2016, the Company acquired Brigadier Security Systems.
The fair value on the acquired non-compete agreement was estimated
to be $104,122 and is amortized over the remaining useful life of 5
years. 

12 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

AMORTIZATION EXPENSE 

The amortization expense for the 3-month period ended September 30,
2016 was $29,979. 

Estimated amortization expenses of intangible assets for the next
five twelve months periods ended September 30, are as
follows: 

NOTE
8. 

  ACCOUNTS
PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES 

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses consisted of the
following: 

NOTE
9. 

  RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Notes Payable - Related Parties 

Current
related party notes payable consist of the following: 

13 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

On July
7, 2016 the Company repaid the outstanding note due to a related
party totaling $5,000 in principal and $5,000 in accrued interest.
A total of $2 ,0 75
in accrued interest was forgiven by the noteholder in settlement of
the debt. 

Interest
expense for all related party notes for the three-month period
ending September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $3,096 and $197
respectively. 

Convertible Promissory Note Payable  Related
Parties 

On
January 27, 2016 the Company entered into a convertible promissory
note (the  Promissory Note ) with Wainwright Holdings,
an affiliate of our shareholder and C.E.O., that resulted in the
funding of $450,000. The Promissory Note bears interest at four
percent (4%) per annum and increases to eight percent (8%) in the
event of default by the Company. The Company and the noteholder
negotiated the interest rate at arm s length relying upon the
available market rate for long-term deposits at financial
institutions as well as the current rate of return realized by the
noteholder for cash deposits currently held. Larger deposits
traditionally fall into a  Jumbo  rate category with
marginally higher returns. Interest ranged from annual percentage
rates of .01% at the lowest to 1.75% at the highest. Recognizing
the unsecured nature of the promissory note, and the historical
record of continued operating losses by the Company, a rate of 4
percent annual interest was agreed upon in light of the heightened
default risk over traditional investment instruments. The
Promissory Note may be prepaid at any time in whole or in part by
the Company and is convertible into restricted common stock of the
Company at the election of Promissory Note holder on the date which
is 180 days following issuance of the Promissory Note at a
conversion price of $0.10 per share. The conversion price is
subject to adjustment for mergers, consolidations, share exchanges,
recapitalizations or similar events. The Promissory Note matures
five (5) years from issuance and is unsecured. Proceeds from the
Promissory Note are intended to be used for transactions involving
acquisitions of unrelated companies by Concierge Technologies that
meet the criteria as determined by the Board of Directors. There
was no beneficial conversion feature identified as of the date of
issuance of the Promissory Note. 

On
April 8, 2016 the Company entered into a convertible promissory
note (the  Promissory Note ) with Gerber Irrevocable
Family Trust, an affiliate of our shareholder and C.E.O., that
resulted in the funding of $350,000. The Promissory Note bears
interest at four percent (4%) per annum and increases to eight
percent (8%) in the event of default by the Company. The Company
and the noteholder negotiated the interest rate at arm s
length relying upon the available market rate for long-term
deposits at financial institutions as well as the current rate of
return realized by the noteholder for cash deposits currently held.
Larger deposits traditionally fall into a  Jumbo  rate
category with marginally higher returns. Interest ranged from
annual percentage rates of .01% at the lowest to 1.75% at the
highest. Recognizing the unsecured nature of the promissory note,
and the historical record of continued operating losses by the
Company, a rate of 4 percent annual interest was agreed upon in
light of the heightened default risk over traditional investment
instruments. The Promissory Note may be prepaid at any time in
whole or in part by the Company and is convertible into restricted
common stock of the Company at the election of Promissory Note
holder on the date which is 180 days following issuance of the
Promissory Note at a conversion price of $0.13 per share. The
conversion price is subject to adjustment for mergers,
consolidations, share exchanges, recapitalizations or similar
events. The Promissory Note matures five (5) years from issuance
and is unsecured. Proceeds from the Promissory Note are intended to
be used for transactions involving acquisitions of unrelated
companies by Concierge Technologies that meet the criteria as
determined by the Board of Directors. There was no beneficial
conversion feature identified as of the date of issuance of the
Promissory Note. 

14 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

On May
25, 2016 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note
(the  Promissory Note ) with Wainwright Holdings, an
affiliate of our shareholder and C.E.O., that resulted in the
funding of $250,000. The Promissory Note bears interest at four
percent (4%) per annum and increases to eight percent (8%) in the
event of default by the Company. The Company and the noteholder
negotiated the interest rate at arm s length relying upon the
available market rate for long-term deposits at financial
institutions as well as the current rate of return realized by the
noteholder for cash deposits currently held. Larger deposits
traditionally fall into a  Jumbo  rate category with
marginally higher returns. Interest ranged from annual percentage
rates of .01% at the lowest to 1.75% at the highest. Recognizing
the unsecured nature of the promissory note, and the historical
record of continued operating losses by the Company, a rate of 4
percent annual interest was agreed upon in light of the heightened
default risk over traditional investment instruments. The
Promissory Note may be prepaid at any time in whole or in part by
the Company and is convertible into restricted common stock of the
Company at the election of Promissory Note holder on the date which
is 180 days following issuance of the Promissory Note at a
conversion price of $0.13 per share. The conversion price is
subject to adjustment for mergers, consolidations, share exchanges,
recapitalizations or similar events. The Promissory Note matures
five (5) years from issuance and is unsecured. Proceeds from the
Promissory Note are intended to be used for transactions involving
acquisitions of unrelated companies by Concierge Technologies that
meet the criteria as determined by the Board of Directors. There
was no beneficial conversion feature identified as of the date of
issuance of the Promissory Note. 

On May
25, 2016 the Company entered into a convertible promissory note
(the  Promissory Note ) with Schoenberger Family Trust,
an affiliate of our shareholder and director, that resulted in the
funding of $250,000. The Promissory Note bears interest at four
percent (4%) per annum and increases to eight percent (8%) in the
event of default by the Company. The Company and the noteholder
negotiated the interest rate at arm s length relying upon the
available market rate for long-term deposits at financial
institutions as well as the current rate of return realized by the
noteholder for cash deposits currently held. Larger deposits
traditionally fall into a  Jumbo  rate category with
marginally higher returns. Interest ranged from annual percentage
rates of .01% at the lowest to 1.75% at the highest. Recognizing
the unsecured nature of the promissory note, and the historical
record of continued operating losses by the Company, a rate of 4
percent annual interest was agreed upon in light of the heightened
default risk over traditional investment instruments. The
Promissory Note may be prepaid at any time in whole or in part by
the Company and is convertible into restricted common stock of the
Company at the election of Promissory Note holder on the date which
is 180 days following issuance of the Promissory Note at a
conversion price of $0.13 per share. The conversion price is
subject to adjustment for mergers, consolidations, share exchanges,
recapitalizations or similar events. The Promissory Note matures
five (5) years from issuance and is unsecured. Proceeds from the
Promissory Note are intended to be used for transactions involving
acquisitions of unrelated companies by Concierge Technologies that
meet the criteria as determined by the Board of Directors. There
was no beneficial conversion feature identified as of the date of
issuance of the Promissory Note. 

Interest
expense for all related party convertible debentures, for the
three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 amounted to
$13,106 and was $0 respectively. 

15 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

NOTE
10. 

  NOTE
PAYABLE 

An unsecured loan in the amount of $8,500 due a former director and
shareholder who is now deceased has been reclassified as a note due
unrelated party. The note is interest free, not deemed assignable
to successors by the Company, and held as a contingent liability
until resolved. 

NOTE
11. 

   BUSINESS
COMBINATIONS 

On May
28, 2015 Concierge Technologies, Inc. (the  Company )
entered into an agreement to acquire the assets of Gourmet Foods,
Ltd., a New Zealand corporation, subject to satisfactory completion
of due diligence and other customary criteria for a transaction of
this kind. Gourmet Foods is a baker of New Zealand meat pies and
other confections distributed to major grocery stores, convenience
stores, restaurants and other retailers throughout New Zealand. The
Company placed a cash deposit with Gourmet Foods in accordance with
the provisions of the asset purchase agreement, however the parties
later elected to change the nature of the transaction to a stock
purchase agreement. The Stock Purchase Agreement (the
 SPA ) was entered into on July 28, 2015 and was set to
close on July 31, 2015 subject to final adjustments to accounts
receivable, accounts payable, inventory, employee entitlements and
other current assets and liabilities. The Company paid a purchase
consideration of NZ$2,597,535 (approximately US$1,753,428) in cash.
An independent evaluation was conducted in order to obtain a fair
market value of the fixed assets and intangible assets acquired.
The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the
fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is
recorded as goodwill. 

On
August 11, 2015 the parties reached agreement to close the SPA
based on the balance sheet information as of July 31, 2015, subject
to further adjustments if necessary once certain balances became
known without dispute, and the Company remitted the remainder of
the purchase price in cash to an account in New Zealand established
for the benefit of the shareholders of Gourmet Foods, Ltd. The
operations of Gourmet Foods, Ltd. was consolidated going forward
with those of the Company as of August 1, 2015. 

The
following table summarizes the value of the net assets acquired as
of the Acquisition Date: 

16 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

On June
2, 2016 the Company closed a Stock Purchase Agreement transaction
which resulted in the acquisition of all the outstanding and issued
stock of Brigadier Security Systems, a Canadian corporation located
in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The total purchase price was
CD$2,010,266 (approximately US$1,540 , 830) in cash, payable in
several stages. The consideration of CD$1,000,000 (US$756,859) was
paid in cash and CD$733,000 (US$569,935) was deposited in an
attorney client trust account in Canadian currency (to be paid to
Brigadier, on the 183rd day following the Closing Date if net sales
meeting the minimum threshold of $1,500,000 CDN (the "Sales Goal")
is achieved; if the Sales Goal is not reached by the 183rd day
following the Closing Date, then the payment is to be remitted on
the 365th day following the Closing Date). The audit of Brigadier
resulted in an upwards adjustment of the purchase price by
CD$277,266 (US$214,035) which has been recorded as of September 30,
2016 as Purchase Consideration Payable and was subsequently paid in
October 2016. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total
purchase consideration is allocated to Brigadier Security Systems
net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date.
The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the
fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is
recorded as goodwill. The following table summarizes the value of
the net assets acquired as of the Acquisition Date: 

The
unaudited pro forma financial information below represents the
combined results of our operations as if the Gourmet Foods Limited
and Brigadier Security Systems acquisition had occurred at the
beginning of the periods presented.  The unaudited pro forma
financial information is presented for informational purposes only
and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have
occurred if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of the
period presented, nor is it indicative of future operating
results. 

17 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

NOTE
12. 

  COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES 

Lease
Commitment 

Gourmet
Foods. Ltd. ( GFL ) has operating leases for its
office, factory and warehouse facilities located in Tauranga, New
Zealand, as well as for certain equipment including vehicles. These
leases are generally for three-year terms, with options to renew
for additional three-year periods. The leases mature between
September 2016 and August 2021, and require monthly rental payments
of approximately US$11,459 per month translated to US currency as
of September 30, 2016. 

Future
minimum lease payments for Gourmet Foods are as
follows: 

GFL
entered into a General Security Agreement in favor of the Gerald
O Leary Family Trust and registered on the Personal Property
Securities Register for a priority sum of NZ$110,000 (approximately
US$80,126) to secure the lease of its primary facility. In
addition, a NZ$20,000 (approximately US$14,568) bond has been
posted through ANZ Bank and secured with a cash deposit of equal
amount to secure a separate facilities lease. The General Security
Agreement and the cash deposit will remain until such time as the
respective leases are satisfactorily terminated in accordance with
their terms. Interest from the cash deposit securing the lease
accumulates to the benefit of GFL and is listed as a component of
interest income/expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Operations. 

Brigadier
Security Systems ( BSS ) leases office and storage
facilities in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan as well as vehicles used for
installations and service and various office equipment. The minimum
lease obligations through their expiry dates are indicated as below
and require monthly payments of approximately
US$11,708. 

Future
minimum lease payments for Brigadier Security Systems are as
follows: 

Litigation 

On May
6, 2002, a default judgment was awarded to Brookside Investments
Ltd. against, jointly and severally, Concierge, Inc., Allen E.
Kahn, and The Whitehall Companies in the amount of $135,000 plus
legal fees. As of May 7, 2012, the judgment had lapsed due to the
passage of time and the creditor s failure to renew. Although
a new court action would be required by the plaintiff in order to
seek legal remedies, the Company has accrued the amount of $135,000
in the accompanying financial statements as accrued expenses as of
September 3 0 ,
2016 .  

18 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

NOTE
13. 

  SEGMENT
REPORTING 

With the acquisition of Gourmet Foods, Ltd. and
Brigadier Security Systems, the Company has identified three
segments for its products and services;U.S.A., New Zealand and
Canada. Our reportable segments are business units located in
different global regions.  The Company s operations in
the U.S.A. include the gathering of live-streaming video recording
data displayed online to subscribers through its wholly owned
subsidiary Kahnalytics, Inc. ,  in New Zealand include the
production, packaging and distribution on a commercial scale of
gourmet meat pies and related bakery confections through its wholly
owned subsidiary Gourmet Foods, Ltd.  and in Canada security alarm system installation
and monitoring sold through its wholly owned subsidiary Brigadier
Security Systems to residential and commercial customers. Separate
management of each segment is required because each business unit
is subject to different operational issues and strategies due to
their particular regional location. The Company accounts for
intra-company sales and expenses as if the sales or expenses were
to third parties and eliminates them in the consolidation. Amounts
are adjusted for currency translation as of the balance sheet date
and presented in US dollars.  

The following table presents a summary of identifiable assets as of
September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016: 

The
following table presents a summary of operating information for the
3-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: (note: New
Zealand revenues are for a period of 2 months for 2015 and Canadian
interests had not yet been acquired in 2015) 

19 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

The following table presents a summary of capital
expenditures for the 3-months ended September 3  0  :  

NOTE
14. 

  REVERSE
STOCK SPLIT 

On
November 11, 2015, the Board of Directors (the  Board )
of the Company approved the implementation of a one-for-ten (1:10)
reverse stock split of all of the Company s issued and
outstanding common and preferred stock (the  Reverse Stock
Split ). The Reverse Stock Split became effective when
trading opened on December 15, 2015. The Reverse Stock Split was
previously approved by the Company s shareholders pursuant to
a majority written consent and by the Board pursuant to unanimous
written consent on February 26, 2015. The approvals provided
discretion to the Board to implement the Reverse Stock Split by the
end of 2015. The number of the Company s authorized shares of
common stock did not change. All figures have been presented on the
basis of reverse split wherever applicable for all the periods
presented in these financial statements. 

NOTE
15. 

  SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS 

On
September 19, 2016, the Company entered into a conditional Stock
Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement ), dated September
19, 2016, with Wainwright Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
( Wainwright ) and certain shareholders of Wainwright
(the  Sellers ), pursuant to which the Sellers
conditionally agreed to sell, and the Company conditionally agreed
to purchase, shares representing approximately 97% of the total
issued and outstanding common stock of Wainwright (the
 Wainwright Shares ). The Company intends to make an
offer to acquire the remaining Wainwright shares of common stock
prior to the Closing. 

As a
result of the transaction, current shareholders of Wainwright will
become shareholders of the Company. Mr. Gerber, along with certain
family members and certain other Wainwright shareholders, currently
own the majority of the common stock in the Company as well as
Wainwright. Following the closing of this transaction, he and those
shareholders will continue to own the majority of the Company
voting shares. 

Wainwright owns all
of the issued and outstanding limited liability company membership
interests of United States Commodity Funds LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company ( USCF ) and USCF Advisers, LLC
( USCF Advisers ). USCF is a commodity pool operator
registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. USCF
Advisers is an SEC registered investment adviser. USCF and USCF
Advisers act as the advisers to the Funds set forth in the
Agreement (each, a  Fund , and collectively, the
 Funds ). 

20 

CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(UNAUDITED) 

The
Closing shall occur on the later of (i) the date that is two
Business Days following the date on which the last of the
conditions to Closing set forth in Articles VIII and IX of the
Agreement have been satisfied or, to the extent permitted by
applicable Legal Requirements, waived by the relevant party, (ii)
the 21st calendar following the date on which the Definitive
Schedule 14C was mailed to the Concierge Shareholders, and (iii)
such other time and date as the parties may agree. 

The
conditions to the Closing of the Contemplated Transaction are more
particularly described in Articles VIII and IX of Exhibit 10.1
which is attached to the Form 8K submitted on September 19, 2016
and incorporated herein by this reference. The conditions to the
Closing include, but are not limited to, the Company s
receipt of a Fairness Opinion to the effect that, as of the date of
the Agreement, and based upon and subject to the limitations and
assumptions set forth in such opinion, the Purchase Price to be
paid by the Company pursuant to the Agreement is fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of shares of the
Company. 

There
is no guarantee that the Closing of the Contemplated Transaction
will occur either as provided for in the Agreement or at all. There
is no guarantee that either the Company or Wainwright will fulfill
all conditions to Closing and that if not fulfilled, that either
party will waive the outstanding condition to Closing. As of
November 15, 2016 the Company has not completed the steps necessary
to close the proposed transaction. 

On
October 11, 2016 the Company made the adjusted payment of
CD$277,266, recorded as Purchase Consideration Payable of
US$214,035 in the accompanying financial Statements. 

On
November 1, 2016 the Company entered into a promissory note
agreement with Wainwright Holdings, Inc. in the amount of $200,000.
Wainwright Holdings, Inc. is an affiliate of our CEO, Nicholas
Gerber, who is also the CEO of Wainwright Holdings, Inc. The note
accrues interest on the unpaid principal at the rate of 4% per
annum until maturity at November 1, 2017, or the date of repayment.
In the event of a default the interest rate increases to 8% per
annum on the unpaid principal amount due past the maturity date.
The note is unsecured. 

21 

Item
2.  

  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations 

Some of the information contained in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations and elsewhere in this report includes forward-looking
statements based on our current management s expectations.
There can be no assurance that actual results, outcomes or business
conditions will not differ materially from those projected or
suggested in such forward-looking statements as a result of various
factors, including, among others, our limited operating history,
unpredictability of future operating results, competitive pressures
and the other potential risks and uncertainties. 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto
and is qualified in its entirety by the foregoing and by more
detailed financial information appearing elsewhere. See "Financial
Statements." 

Concierge
Technologies, Inc. (the  Company ) conducts business
primarily through its wholly-owned operating subsidiaries. The
operations of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries are
more particularly described herein but are summarized as
follows: 

Kahnalytics,
Inc., a US based company, captures and presents data from
vehicle-mounted camera devices equipped for
live-streaming. 

Gourmet
Foods, Ltd., a New Zealand based company, manufactures and
distributes New Zealand meat pies on a commercial
scale. 

Brigadier
Security Systems, a Canadian based company, sells and installs
commercial and residential alarm monitoring systems. These
activities are conducted in the US, New Zealand and Canada
respectively. 

On May 26, 2015, a new wholly-owned subsidiary named Kahnalytics,
Inc. ( Kahnalytics ), was established in the State of
California for the pu  rpose of
taking on the segment of the business retained in the spinoff of
Janus Cam and to direct resources towards the further development
of data processing capabilities intended for risk management used
by vehicle insurance companies. As of September 30, 2016,
Kahnalytics provides an online platform where subscribers to the
Kahnalytics Fleet Management Service ( FMS ) can track
their vehicles, view event video clips, see programmable alert
functions and use the live-streaming function to operate in-vehicle
cameras as a webcam in real time.  

On August 11, 2015, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding
stock in Gourmet Foods, Ltd., a New Zealand corporation
( Gourmet Foods ) located in Tauranga, who is a
commercial-scale manufacturer of New Zealand meat pies under the
brand names  Ponsonby Pies  and  Pat s
Pantry . Gourmet Foods distributes its products through major
grocery store chains, convenience stores, small restaurants and
gasoline station markets. The purchase price of $1,753,428 was paid
in cash. 

22 

On June 2, 2016, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding
stock in Brigadier Security Systems, a Canadian corporation
( Brigadier ) located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Brigadier sells and installs alarm monitoring and security systems
to commercial and residential customers under brand names
 Brigadier Security Systems  and  Elite
Security  throughout the province of Saskatchewan with
offices in Saskatoon and Regina. The all-cash purchase price was
$1,540,829. 

Kahnalytics 

During
the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, Kahnalytics
purchased cameras, various other hardware items, and installation
services for sale to specific insurance companies, and ultimately
for installation into insured s vehicles. The hardware items
were either listed in inventory if held beyond the close of the
current accounting period, or summarized as  cost of goods
sold  when sold. Inventory orders which have been paid for,
or partially paid for, in advance of receipt are classified as
 Advance to Suppliers.  Generally, hardware is sold to
customers who require delivery and installation of the product in
their vehicles. The charges for services such as these are included
in the bundled, installed, sales price reflected on sales invoices
and accounts receivable. Total revenues for the three-month period
ended September 30, 2015 were $121,200. 

The three-month period ended September 30, 2016 involved a
different business model. By obtaining an exclusive software
license and partnering with a camera importer/distributor as a
channel-to-market, Kahnalytics began the business of hosting a
web-based server that subscribers could access to view their camera
video files, vehicle location, speed and event triggers in real
time. The system was ready to launch by June 2016. To facilitate
the sales process and entice customers to the online subscription
service, Kahnalytics implemented a hardware subsidy program and
offered a wireless data plan that was resold to subscribers of the
service, called the Kahnalytics Fleet Management Service or
 FMS . Two types of services were offered, 1) a FMS
basic subscription plan where subscribers provided their own
wireless connection to the FMS and 2) a FMS data plan where
subscribers were provided hardware needed to connect wirelessly to
the Internet and also charged a monthly fee for the air time usage.
Kahnalytics also charged a subsidized price of $50 per each
wireless hardware device used in creating the wireless connection.
For the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, the total
revenues from hardware sales, including disposal of obsolete camera
devices, was $51,075. Kahnalytics purchases data plans from a
network reseller and, in turn, resells that plan to its
subscribers. For the three-month period ended September 30, 2016,
sales of FMS basic subscriptions were $2,158 and FMS data plans
were $11,295. There were no FMS related subscription or hardware
sales for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. Hardware
sales of wireless connection devices for the three-month period
ended September 30, 2016, were $8,950 as compared to $0 for the
three-month period ended September 30, 2015. Other income for the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016, was $684 and comprised
of adjustments to the impairment of inventory taken at June 30,
2016 as compared to $0 for the three-month period ended September
30, 2015. Accounts receivable as of September 30, 2016, were
$39,455 as compared to $2,640 as of June 30, 2016. The difference
is attributed to the sale of discontinued hardware at a discount to
a distributor on a deferred payment plan rather than any
significant change in the aging of accounts receivable. Net loss,
after payment of minimum income tax of $800, was $16,832 as
compared to a net income for the three-month period ended September
30, 2015 of $2,364. 

23 

Gourmet Foods, Ltd. 

Gourmet
Foods Limited ( GFL ), was organized in its current
form in 2005 (previously known as Pats Pantry Ltd). Pats Pantry was
founded in 1966 to produce and sell wholesale bakery products, meat
pies and patisserie cakes and slices, in New Zealand. GFL, located
in Tauranga, New Zealand, sells substantially all of its goods to
supermarkets and service station chains with stores located
throughout New Zealand. GFL also has a large number of smaller
independent lunch bars, cafes and corner dairies among the customer
list, however they comprise a relatively insignificant dollar
volume in comparison to the primary accounts of large distributors
and retailers. Concierge Technologies purchased all of the issued
and outstanding shares of GFL as of August 1, 2015, even though the
transaction did not officially close until August 11,
2015. 

An
independent evaluation of the assets of GFL was commissioned as was
an audit of their last two fiscal years ended March 31st. It was
ascertained that GFL had experienced a net loss over the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2015 of $9,558. Contributing to the loss were
several factors that current management does not expect to reoccur
which included an effort to export product to Korea and an
ill-suited sales effort involving the addition of field sales
representatives and their associated expenses including company
provided vehicles. Since the acquisition date of August 11, 2015
GFL has initiated several strategies designed to improve
profitability through a more efficient and automated production
process and sales growth initiatives that involve an outreach to
areas currently underserved by GFL. To assist with the purchase of
new machinery and cover interim working capital needs, Concierge
Technologies extended an interest-free intercompany loan of
NZ$250,000. That loan was subsequently repaid to the Company during
the current quarter ending September 30, 2016. 

The
accompanying financial statements include the operations of GFL for
the period August 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 as compared to
the operations for the period July 1, 2016 through September 30,
2016. Due to these differences in the accounting periods, the
comparative results will not be a true representation of
GFL s operating trends. 

GFL
operates exclusively in New Zealand and thus the New Zealand dollar
is its functional currency. In order to consolidate our reporting
currency, the US dollar, with that of GFL we record foreign
currency translation adjustments and transaction gains and losses
in accordance with SFAS 52,  Foreign Currency Translation . The
translation of New Zealand currency into U.S. dollars is performed
for balance sheet accounts using the exchange rates in effect at
the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a
weighted average exchange rate during the period. Gains and losses
resulting from the foreign currency translations are included in
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Expense found on the Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

24 

Net
revenues for the three-month period ending September 30, 2016 were
$1,205,639 with cost of goods sold of $817,017 resulting in an
operating income of $388,621 for an approximate 32.2% gross margin.
General and administrative expenses for the three-month period
ending September 30, 2016 were $359,009 with depreciation expense
of $68,321, interest income of $1,186, other income of $438 and a
gain on currency translation of $11,981 producing a net loss of
$25,107 as compared to a net loss of $2,365, after income tax
provision of $695, for the 2-month period ending September 30, 2015
where revenues were $600,525. Cost of goods sold for the two-month
period ending September 30, 2015 were $440,590 producing a 26.6%
gross profit of $159,954. General and administrative expenses for
the two-month period ending September 30, 2015 were $124,739 and
depreciation was $37,329 which produced an operating loss of $2,134
before interest income of $464 and income tax provision of $695.
Overall, profit margins for the comparative periods are up
approximately 5.5% prior to income tax provision for 2016 over
2015. 

Brigadier Security Systems 

Brigadier Security
Systems ( Brigadier ) was founded in 1985 and through
internal growth and acquisitions the core business of Brigadier
began in 1998. Today Brigadier is one of the largest SecurTek
dealers in Saskatchewan with offices in both major urban areas of
Regina (under the fictitious business name of  Elite
Security ) and Saskatoon. Brigadier is also a Honeywell
Certified Access Control Distributor, Kantech Global Dealer and UTC
Interlogix Security Pro dealer and the largest independent security
contractor in the province. Brigadier provides comprehensive
security solutions including access control, camera monitoring,
motion detection, and intrusion alarms to home and business owners
as well as government offices, schools and public buildings.
Brigadier typically sells hardware to customers and a full time
monitoring of the premises. The contract for monitoring the premise
is then conveyed to a third party telecom in exchange for an
upfront payment and recurring residuals based on subscriber
contracts. 

The
accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
include the operations of Brigadier only for the three-month period
ending September 30, 2016 because we did not acquire Brigadier
until June 2, 2016, and thus there is no comparison data to be
supplied for the three-month period ending September 30,
2015. 

25 

Brigadier
operates exclusively in Canada and thus the Canadian dollar is its
functional currency. In order to consolidate our reporting
currency, the US dollar, with that of Brigadier we record foreign
currency translation adjustments and transaction gains and losses
in accordance with SFAS 52, Foreign Currency Translation. The
translation of Canadian currency into U.S. dollars is performed for
balance sheet accounts using the exchange rates in effect at the
balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a
weighted average exchange rate during the period. Gains and losses
resulting from the foreign currency translations are included in
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Expense found on the Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Brigadier
purchases various component parts and accessories anticipated to be
required in near-term installations of systems pursuant to sales
forecasts. These parts are listed in inventory until sold, which is
determined by a sales contract, delivery of the product, and a
reasonable expectation of payment under typical terms of sale are
in evidence. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost
(determined on a FIFO basis) or market. Inventories include product
cost, inbound freight and warehousing costs. We compare the cost of
inventories with the market value and an allowance is made for
writing down the inventories to their market value, if
lower. 

The net sales for the three-month period ending
September 30, 2016, were $824,830 with cost of goods sold recorded
as $233,837 resulting in a gross profit of $590,993 and gross
margin of 71.7%. General and administrative expenses for the
three-month period were $425,375 providing net operating income
before income tax provision and other income and expense of
$165,618, or 20%. The depreciation expense for  Brigadier
 for the three-month period was $1,137,
income tax provision at September 30, 2016, was $42,580, interest
income was $35, commission income was $236, and loss on disposal of
fixed assets was $8,183 resulting in a net profit of $115,125.
Accounts receivable at September 30, 2016, were
$467,162.  

Concierge Technologies and Subsidiaries 

The
Company overall incurred an operating loss (before provisions for
income taxes, other income and expenses, and other comprehensive
gains/losses) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016
of $64,536 as compared to an operating loss of $74,412 for the
three-month period ended September 30, 2015. This represents a
decrease in operating losses of $9,876 over the current three-month
period when compared to the same period of the previous year. Other
expenses comprised of $11,981 of currency translation gain (this
gain was realized by GFL on the repayment in US currency of the
intercompany loan made to GFL in NZ currency), income of $435 in
wage subsidy, a downward adjustment to inventory impairment of
$684, net loss on disposal of assets of $8,183 and net interest
expense of $13,256 during the three-month period ending September
30, 2016 totaled $8,340 as compared to other income recorded for
the three-month period ending September 30, 2015 of $1,406. The net
loss from continuing operations (before income tax and other
comprehensive loss) for the three-month periods ending September
30, 2016 and 2015 were $72,876 and $73,006 respectively. Total net
loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $116,256 as
compared to the net loss for the three-months ending September 30,
2015 of $73,006, after inclusion of income tax provision of $43,380
and $0 respectively. Comprehensive Loss, after giving consideration
to foreign currency translation loss for the three-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 of $9,738 and $86,204, were
$125,995 and $159,210 respectively. 

26 

Management
attributes much of the net loss incurred during the current
three-month period to the depreciation of the fixed assets and
intangible assets acquired with its foreign subsidiaries in the
amount of $99,437, the adjustments to the valuation of fixed assets
after disposals of $100,699 and the transaction costs connected to
the acquisition of GFL and Brigadier Security Systems coupled with
the associated audit fees incurred post-transaction. Although there
are expected to be additional audit costs going forward when
compared to historic costs incurred for Concierge US-based
subsidiaries, management does not anticipate them to be significant
in relation to the increase in revenues provided by the operation
of GFL and Brigadier Security Systems. 

Liquidity 

During
the previous 12 months we have invested approximately $3.5 million
in cash towards purchasing and assimilating Gourmet Foods and
Brigadier Security Systems into the Concierge Technologies group of
companies. We have continued to pursue alternative business
strategies with Kahnalytics and intend to grow that opportunity by
implementation of a new sales channel and recurring revenue stream
model in the coming months that is envisioned to produce a
sustainable, recurring, revenue stream when finalized. Management
forecasts both Gourmet Foods and Brigadier Security Systems to
produce a profit during the current fiscal year and the realization
of those profits by Concierge is not expected to be significantly
impacted by foreign currency fluctuations against the U.S. dollar
during the current fiscal year. While we intend to maintain and
improve our revenue stream from wholly owned subsidiaries
Kahnalytics, Brigadier Security Systems and Gourmet Foods, we have
also entered into an agreement to acquire Wainwright Holdings,
Inc., an affiliate of our CEO Nicholas Gerber, through a
stock-for-stock exchange. The particulars of the proposed
transaction are more specifically detailed in the Company s
form 8K filed on September 20, 2016 with the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated herein by
reference. We are also looking to expand our business to include
other synergistic partners and pursue possible licensing agreements
for product distribution on a global scale. Provided our
subsidiaries continue to operate as they are presently, and are
projected to operate, we have sufficient capital to pay our general
and administrative expenses for the coming fiscal year and to
adequately pursue our long term business objectives. 

Item
3. 

  Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company and is not required to
provide the information required by this item. 

27 

Item
4.  

  Controls
and Procedures 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures . The
Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with
the participation of the Company's management, including the
Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of
the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the
Company's disclosure controls and procedures  are effective and are designed to  provide
reasonable assurances that the information the Company is required
to disclose in the reports it files or submits under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time period required by the Commission's rules
and forms.  Further, the
Company s officers concluded that its disclosure controls and
procedures are also effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to its management,
including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
There were no significant changes in the Company's internal control
over financial reporting during the period covered by this report
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect our internal controls over financial
reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1.    

  Legal
Proceedings 

None. 

Item
1A.  

  Risk
Factors. 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company and is not required to
provide the information required by this item. 

Item
2.  

  Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item
3. 

  Defaults
Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item
4.     

  Mine
Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
5.    

  Other
Information 

On
November 11, 2015, the Board of Directors (the  Board )
of the Company approved the implementation of a one-for-ten (1:10)
reverse stock split of all of the Company s issued and
outstanding common and preferred stock (the  Reverse Stock
Split ). The Reverse Stock Split became effective when
trading opened on December 15, 2015. The number of issued and
outstanding shares as of September 30, 2015 have been adjusted such
that the effects of the Reverse Stock Split had already taken
place. 

28 

On
September 19, 2016, the Company entered into a conditional Stock
Purchase Agreement (the  Agreement ), dated September
19, 2016, with Wainwright Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
( Wainwright ) and certain shareholders of Wainwright
(the  Sellers ), pursuant to which the Sellers
conditionally agreed to sell, and the Company conditionally agreed
to purchase, shares representing approximately 97% of the total
issued and outstanding common stock of Wainwright (the
 Wainwright Shares ). The Company intends to make an
offer to acquire the remaining Wainwright shares of common stock
prior to the Closing. 

As a
result of the transaction, current shareholders of Wainwright will
become shareholders of the Company. Mr. Gerber, along with certain
family members and certain other Wainwright shareholders, currently
own the majority of the common stock in the Company as well as
Wainwright. Following the closing of this transaction, he and those
shareholders will continue to own the majority of the Company
voting shares. 

Wainwright owns all
of the issued and outstanding limited liability company membership
interests of United States Commodity Funds LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company ( USCF ) and USCF Advisers, LLC
( USCF Advisers ). USCF is a commodity pool operator
registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. USCF
Advisers is an SEC registered investment adviser. USCF and USCF
Advisers act as the advisers to the Funds set forth in the
Agreement (each, a  Fund , and collectively, the
 Funds ). 

The
Closing shall occur on the later of (i) the date that is two
Business Days following the date on which the last of the
conditions to Closing set forth in Articles VIII and IX of the
Agreement have been satisfied or, to the extent permitted by
applicable Legal Requirements, waived by the relevant party, (ii)
the 21st calendar following the date on which the Definitive
Schedule 14C was mailed to the Concierge Shareholders, and (iii)
such other time and date as the parties may agree. 

The
conditions to the Closing of the Contemplated Transaction are more
particularly described in Articles VIII and IX of Exhibit 10.1
which is attached to the Form 8K submitted on September 19, 2016
and incorporated herein by this reference. The conditions to the
Closing include, but are not limited to, the Company s
receipt of a Fairness Opinion to the effect that, as of the date of
the Agreement, and based upon and subject to the limitations and
assumptions set forth in such opinion, the Purchase Price to be
paid by the Company pursuant to the Agreement is fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of shares of the
Company. 

There
is no guarantee that the Closing of the Contemplated Transaction
will occur either as provided for in the Agreement or at all. There
is no guarantee that either the Company or Wainwright will fulfill
all conditions to Closing and that if not fulfilled, that either
party will waive the outstanding condition to Closing. 

Any
future transactions by and among the parties mentioned above may
qualify as related party transactions and will be disclosed
accordingly. 

29 

Item
6.    

  Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed, by incorporation and by reference, as
part of this Form 10-Q: 

Exhibit
No.         

Description 

2   

   -   

  Stock
Purchase Agreement of March 6, 2000 between Starfest, Inc. and MAS
Capital, Inc.* 

2   

   -   

   Stock Purchase Agreement among  Concierge
Technologies, Inc., Wireless Village, Inc., Bill Robb and Daniel
Britt. ++  

3.1   

   -   

  Certificate
of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Starfest, Inc. and its
earlier articles of incorporation.* 

3.2   

   -   

  Bylaws
of Concierge, Inc., which became the Bylaws of Concierge
Technologies upon its merger with Starfest, Inc. on March 20,
2002.* 

3.5  

  -  

  Articles of Merger
of Starfest, Inc. and Concierge, Inc. filed with the Secretary of
State of Nevada on March 1, 2002.** 

3.6  

  -  

  Agreement of Merger
between Starfest, Inc. and Concierge, Inc. filed with the Secretary
of State of California on March 20, 2002.** 

3.7  

  -  

  Articles of
Incorporation of Concierge Technologies, Inc. filed with the
Secretary of State of Nevada on April 20, 2005.+ 

3.8  

  -  

  Articles of Merger
between Concierge Technologies, Inc., a California corporation, and
Concierge Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation, filed with the
Secretary of State of Nevada on March 2, 2006 and the Secretary of
State of California on October 5, 2006.+ 

3.9  

  -  

  Certificate of
Designation (Series of Preferred Stock) filed with the Secretary of
State of Nevada on September 23, 2010. 

30 

3.10  

  -  

  Certificate of
Amendment of Articles of Incorporation (increasing authorized
stock) filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on December 20,
2010. 

10.1   

   -   

  Agreement
of Merger between Starfest, Inc. and Concierge, Inc.* 

10.2   

   -   

  Securities
Purchase Agreement, dated January 26, 2015, by and among Concierge
Technologies, Inc. and Purchasers.**** 

10.3   

   -   

  Registration
Rights Agreement, dated January 26, 2015, by and among Concierge
Technologies, Inc. and Purchasers. .**** 

10.4   

   -   

  Consulting
Agreement, dated January 26, 2015, by and between Concierge
Technologies, Inc. and David Neibert. .**** 

10.5   

   -   

  Stock
Redemption Agreement, dated February 26, 2015, by and among
Concierge Technologies, Inc. the Shareholders and Janus Cam.
..**(** 

10.6   

   -   

  Distribution
Agreement, dated March 4, 2015, by and between Concierge
Technologies, Inc. and Janus Cam. ***** 

10.7   

   -   

  Convertible
Promissory Note by and between Wainwright Holdings, Inc. and
Concierge Technologies, Inc. dated January 27, 2016.
****** 

10.8   

   -   

  Stock Purchase
Agreement, dated May 27, 2016, by and among Concierge Technologies,
Inc., Brigadier Security Systems (2000) Ltd., and the shareholders
of Brigadier Security Systems (2000) Ltd.  *******  

10.9   

   -   

  Stock
Purchase Agreement By and Among Concierge Technologies, Inc.,
Wainwright Holdings, Inc. and Each of the Individuals and Entities
Executing Signature Pages Attached Thereto******** 

14   

   -   

  Code of Ethics for
CEO and Senior Financial Officers.*** 

31.1    

   -   

  Certification
of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

31 

31.2    

   -   

  Certification
of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

32.1    

   -   

  Certification
of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

32.2    

   -   

  Certification
of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002. 

*Previously
filed with Form 8-K12G3 on March 10, 2000; Commission File No.
000-29913, incorporated herein. 

**Previously
filed with Form 8-K on April 2, 2002; Commission File No.
000-29913, incorporated herein. 

***Previously
filed with Form 10-KSB on October 20, 2004; Commission File No.
000-29913, incorporated herein. 

+Previously
filed with Form 10-KSB FYE 06-30-06 on October 20, 2006; Commission
File No. 000-29913, incorporated herein. 

++  Previously filed  on November 5, 2007  as Exhibit 10.2 to
 Concierge Technologies  Form 8-K
for 10-30-07; Commission File No. 000-29913, incorporated
herein.  

****Previously
filed with Current Report on Form 8-K on January 29, 2015 and
incorporated by reference herein. 

*****
Previously filed with Current Report on Form 8-K on March 4, 2015
and incorporated by reference herein. 

******
Previously filed with Current Report on Form 8-K on February 2,
2016 and incorporated by reference herein. 

*******
Previously filed with Current Report on Form 8-K on June 8, 2016
and incorporated by reference herein. 

********
Previously filed with Current Report on Form 8-K on September 19,
2016 and incorporated by reference herein. 

32 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated:
November 18, 2016 

CONCIERGE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By:   

/s/ Nicholas Gerber  

Nicholas Gerber,
Chief Executive Officer 

33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cncg_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive
Officer 

I,
Nicholas Gerber, certify that: 

1.            

  I have reviewed
this report on Form 10-Q of the Concierge Technologies,
Inc.; 

2.            

  Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.            

  Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4.            

  The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a)            

  Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b)            

  Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c)            

  Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)            

  Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5.            

  The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)            

  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)            

  Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date:
November 21, 2016 

By:   

/s/ Nicholas Gerber  

Nicholas Gerber,
Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cncg_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial
Officer 

I,
David W. Neibert, certify that: 

1.            

  I have reviewed
this report on Form 10-Q of the Concierge Technologies,
Inc.; 

2.            

  Based on my
knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.            

  Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
this report; 

4.            

  The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a)            

  Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared; 

(b)            

  Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c)            

  Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the
end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)            

  Disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and 

5.            

  The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and
the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)            

  All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)            

  Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting. 

Date: November 21, 2016 

By:   

/s/ David W. Neibert  

David
W. Neibert  

Chief Financial
Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cncg_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Concierge Technologies,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on or about the date hereof (the  Report ),
I, Nicholas Gerber, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my
knowledge: 

(1)          
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)           Information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date:  November 21, 2016 

By:   

/s/ Nicholas Gerber  

Nicholas Gerber,
Chief Executive Officer 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to Concierge Technologies, Inc. and will be
retained by Concierge Technologies, Inc. and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cncg_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 U.S.C. PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Untitled Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Concierge Technologies,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on or about the date hereof (the  Report ),
I, David W. Neibert, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my
knowledge: 

(1)          
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)           Information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 21, 2016 

By:   

/s/ David W. Neibert  

David
W. Neibert  

Chief Financial
Officer  

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
has been provided to Concierge Technologies, Inc. and will be
retained by Concierge Technologies, Inc. and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon
request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cncg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cncg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cncg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cncg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cncg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cncg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

