<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1674227_0001144204-16-134258_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1283590</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>148585</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>958840</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>87</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134258.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114164242
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134258
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alliance MMA, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674227
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				475412331
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37899
		FILM NUMBER:		161995502

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127397825

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134258.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451513_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended: September
30, 2016   

OR  

For the transition period from              
          to                        

Commission File Number: 000-53166   

ALLIANCE MMA, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter)   

Delaware   
       47-5412331    

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   
     
          (I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

590 Madison Avenue, 21 st  Floor  

  New York, New York 10022  

  (Address of principal executive offices)  

(212) 739-7825  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months, and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes         No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files.     Yes         No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:  

Large accelerated filer  
           
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes         No     

Number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding
at November 4, 2016: 8,888,978. 

Alliance MMA  

  Form 10-Q  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including
the sections entitled  Important Introductory Information,   Risk Factors,   Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  and  Business,  contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements relate to anticipated future events, future results of operations
or future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may, 
 might,   will,   should,   intends,   expects,   plans, 
 goals,   projects,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates,   predicts, 
 potential,  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to: 

Our ability to manage our growth;   

Our ability effectively to manage the businesses of the MMA promotions and related companies we acquired,
to create synergies among the businesses, and to leverage these synergies to achieve our business objective of creating a developmental
league for the MMA industry;   

Our ability to compete with other regional MMA promotions for top ranked professional MMA fighters and for television and other
content distribution arrangements;   

Sustained growth in the popularity of MMA among fans;   

Our ability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights; and   

Other statements made elsewhere in this Form 10-Q.   

These forward-looking statements are only predictions,
are uncertain and involve substantial known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our (or our industry s)
actual results, levels of activity or performance to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity or performance
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. The  Risk Factors  section of this Form 10-Q sets forth
detailed risks, uncertainties and cautionary statements regarding our business and these forward-looking statements. Moreover,
we operate in a changing regulatory environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for
us to predict all of the risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this
prospectus. 

We cannot guarantee future results, levels
of activity or performance. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the
date of this Form 10-Q. These cautionary statements should be considered with any written or oral forward-looking statements that
we may issue in the future. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the U.S., we do not intend to
update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to reflect actual results, later events or circumstances
or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Other than with respect to the acquisition of the MMA promotions and related
companies we acquired in connection with the closing of our initial public offering on September 30, 2016, and which are discussed
in the  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  section of this Form 10-Q, our forward-looking statements
do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or other investments or strategic
transactions in which we may engage in. 

3   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

Alliance MMA, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

4   

Alliance MMA, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  

   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these  unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

5   

Alliance MMA, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit) From February 12, 2015 (Inception) through September 30,2016  

   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these  unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

6   

Alliance MMA, Inc.  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows  

   (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these  unaudited condensed  consolidated financial statements.  

7   

Alliance MMA, Inc.  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation  

Nature of Business   

Alliance MMA,
Inc. ( Alliance  or the  Company ) was formed in Delaware on February 12, 2015 to acquire companies
in the mixed martial arts ( MMA ) industry. On September 30, 2016, Alliance acquired the assets and assumed
certain liabilities of six companies, consisting of five promoters and a ticketing platform for MMA events. Alliance formed
GFL Acquisition, Co., Inc. ( Acquisition Co ), a  New York corporation, as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alliance,
on June 14, 2016, primarily to facilitate the acquisition and merger of the seventh company, Go Fight Net,
Inc. ( GFL ) which operates a video production and distribution business. The seven companies (the
 Target Companies) are as follows: 

Target Companies   

Promoters  

CFFC Promotions, LLC ( CFFC );   

Hoosier Fight Club Promotions, LLC ( HFC );   

Punch Drunk Inc., also known as Combat Games MMA ( COGA );   

Bang Time Entertainment, LLC DBA Shogun Fights ( Shogun ); and   

Ticket Solution  

Cagetix LLC ( Cagetix ).   

Video Production and Distribution  

Go Fight Net, Inc. ( GFL ).   

In addition to the acquisition of the
business of the Target Companies, Alliance acquired all rights in the existing MMA
and kickboxing video libraries of Louis Neglia s Martial Arts Karate, Inc. ( Louis Neglia ) related to
the Louis Neglia s Ring of Combat ( Ring of Combat ) and Louis Neglia s Kickboxing events and shows,
a right of first refusal to acquire the rights to all future Louis Neglia MMA and kickboxing events, and the MMA and video
library of Hoss Promotions, LLC ( Hoss ) related to certain CFFC events (collectively, the  Target
Assets ). 

8   

Initial Public Offering ( IPO )   

Alliance completed the first tranche of
its initial public offering on September 30, 2016, with the sale of 1,813,225 shares of common stock with net proceeds of
$7,732,280, and closed the acquisitions of all the Target Companies and Target Assets of Hoss Promotions and
Louis Neglia s Ring of Combat. The Company closed the offering in October and sold an additional 409,083 shares with net
proceeds of $1,168,861 and funded the acquisition of the Target Assets of Louis Neglia s Ring of Combat. With the
completion of the IPO, the Company s gross proceeds from the sale of 2,222,308 shares of common stock was
$10,000,373. 

The combination of the Target Companies and
Target Assets formed the operations of Alliance. The Company intends to acquire additional promotions over time to create a developmental
league for professional MMA fighters and the premier feeder organization to the Ultimate Fighting Championship, ( UFC ),
and other premier MMA promotions such as Bellator. The UFC is the sports largest mixed martial arts promotion company in the world
and features the most top-ranked fighters. The combination of the acquired promotions will allow the Company to discover
and cultivate the next generation of UFC and other premier MMA promotion champions, while at the same time create live original
media content, attract an international fan base, and generate sponsorship revenue for the Company s live MMA events and
professional fighters. 

The Company incurred an aggregate
$1,205,808 net loss from inception to September 30, 2016. To fund the Company s startup expenses, a loan agreement was
entered into with a related party, Ivy Equity Investors, LLC, in February 2015 for up to an initial $500,000 of borrowings
for startup expenses. In May 2016, the loan agreement was amended to permit up to $600,000 of borrowings for startup expenses
and in July 2016 the loan agreement was amended again to permit up to $1,000,000 of borrowings. In connection with the
completion of the IPO, $877,000 was utilized to pay off the current balance of the note payable and accrued interest. 

For accounting and reporting purposes, Alliance
has been identified as the accounting acquirer of each of the Target Companies. In addition, each of the Target Companies has been
identified as an accounting co-predecessor to the Company. 

Liquidity and Going Concern   

The 2015 audited financial statements have been prepared
on the assumption that we were a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business. Prior to the acquisition of the Target Companies, Alliance incurred losses
since inception, generated no operating revenue, and as reflected in the accompanying financial statements, incurred a net
loss of $386,456 for the partial year ended December 31, 2015. 

We believe that the revenue generated by the Target
Companies and the Target Assets, together with the net proceeds of the IPO, provide Alliance with sufficient capital to fund
operations for the balance of 2016 and all of 2017 and there is no longer significant doubt about Alliance MMA s
ability to continue as a going concern. However, we cannot provide any assurances that our operating revenue and the proceeds
of the IPO will be sufficient to fund our operations or that, if such revenues and proceeds are not sufficient, that we will
be able to obtain additional capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( GAAP ). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Alliance MMA, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Go Fight Net, Inc. Acquisitions are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date of the
acquisition. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

9   

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of
Regulation S-X for interim financial information. Accordingly, these statements do not include all of the information and
notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In our opinion, the unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial statements include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for the fair presentation of the
Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016, results of operations for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.
The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of
the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

These unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and
related notes included in our amended initial registration statement on Form S1/A,
filed with the SEC on August 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but are not limited to,  fair
value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, the assessment
of the recoverability of goodwill, likelihood and range of possible losses on contingencies, valuation and recognition of
stock-based compensation expense, recognition and measurement of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, assessment
of unrecognized tax benefits, among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Goodwill and identified intangible assets   

Goodwill  

Goodwill is recorded as the difference, if any, between the aggregate
consideration paid for an acquisition and the fair value of the net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired under a
business combination. The Company reviews impairment of goodwill annually in the fourth quarter. The Company first assesses qualitative
factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. If the Company concludes it
is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, it need not perform the two-step impairment
test. If based on the qualitative assessment, the Company believes it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of its reporting
units is less than its carrying value, a two-step goodwill impairment test is required to be performed. The first step requires
the Company to compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value including allocated goodwill. The Company determines
the fair value of its reporting units using an equal weighting of the results derived from an income approach and a market approach.
The income approach is estimated through the discounted cash flow method based on assumptions about future conditions such as future
revenue growth rates, gross margins, operating expenses, discount rates, future economic
and market conditions, and other assumptions. The market approach estimates the fair value of the Company s equity by utilizing
the market comparable method which is based on revenue multiples from comparable companies in similar lines of business. If the
carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, the Company performs the second step of the goodwill
impairment test to determine the amount of impairment loss. The second step of the goodwill impairment test involves comparing
the implied fair value of the reporting unit with the carrying value of the reporting unit. An impairment charge is recognized
for the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its implied fair value. Determining the fair value of a reporting
unit is subjective in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates and
operating margins, discount rates and future market conditions, among others. 

10   

Identified intangible assets  

Identified intangible assets consist of video libraries,
venue contracts, and ticketing software  resulting from business acquisitions. The Company s identified
intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from 3 to 5
years. The Company makes judgments about the recoverability of purchased finite-lived intangible assets whenever facts and
circumstances indicate that the useful life is shorter than originally estimated or that the carrying amount of assets may
not be recoverable. If such facts and circumstances exist, the Company assesses recoverability by comparing the
projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their remaining lives against
their respective carrying amounts. Impairments, if any, are based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of
those assets. If the useful life is shorter than originally estimated, the Company would accelerate the rate of amortization
and amortize the remaining carrying value over the new shorter useful life. For further discussion of goodwill and
identified intangible assets, see Note 6, Acquisitions below. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation expense in accordance
with the authoritative guidance on share-based payment. Under the provisions of the guidance, stock-based compensation expense
is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the option using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and is recognized
as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period.  

Calculating stock-based compensation expense requires the
input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the stock-based awards, stock price volatility, and
the pre-vesting option forfeiture rate. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent
the Company s best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management
judgment. As a result, if factors change and the Company uses different assumptions, its stock-based compensation expense
could be materially different in the future. In addition, the Company is required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate
and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. If the actual forfeiture rate is materially different from the
estimate, stock-based compensation expense could be significantly different from what was recorded in the current period. See
Note 9, Stockholders  Equity for additional detail. 

Income Taxes  

The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for
income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Under this method, income tax expense is recognized
for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) deferred tax consequences of temporary differences
resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

A valuation allowance is provided to reduce
the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than
not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the
accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a
recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. The Company has no material
uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. 

11   

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), and since May 2014 the FASB has issued amendments to this new
guidance, which collectively provides guidance for revenue recognition. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning January
1, 2018 and, at that time, the Company may adopt the new standard under the full retrospective approach or the modified retrospective
approach. Under the new standard, the current practice of many licensing companies of reporting revenues from per-unit royalty
based agreements one quarter in arrears would no longer be accepted and instead companies will be expected to estimate royalty-based
revenues. The Company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and the resulting impact on the financial statements.   

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02  Leases (Topic
842).  The core principle of Topic 842 is that a lessee should recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from leases
while the accounting by a lessor is largely unchanged from that applied under previous GAAP. The amendments in this update are
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this new standard. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,
Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 identifies areas for simplification
involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual
forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods within those fiscal years, with early
adoption permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this new accounting standard would have
on its consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain
Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. This ASU addresses the classification of certain specific cash flow issues including debt prepayment
or extinguishment costs, settlement of certain debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination,
proceeds from the settlement of certain insurance claims and distributions received from equity method investees. This ASU is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption
permitted. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company is currently
evaluating the effect this ASU will have on its consolidated statement of cash flows. 

Note 3. Deferred Offering Costs  

Deferred offering costs, consisting of legal, accounting and
filing fees relating to the IPO, were capitalized and netted against the gross proceeds from the IPO. As
of December 31, 2015, the Company capitalized $25,000 of deferred offering costs which are include in other current assets on
the consolidated balance sheet. As the Company completed its IPO on September 30, 2016 the balance of the deferred offering
costs was offset against gross IPO proceeds. 

12   

Note 4. Deposit Media Library  

On March 1, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement
to purchase the MMA and kickboxing video libraries of Louis Neglia s Martial Arts Karate, Inc. related to the
Louis Neglia s Ring of Combat and Louis Neglia s Kickboxing events and shows for cash and shares of  common
stock. The Company also acquired a right of first refusal to acquire the rights to all future Louis Neglia MMA and kickboxing
events. The total consideration paid to acquire the rights to the MMA and kickboxing event libraries was $155,000. An initial
payment of $15,500 was made to Louis Neglia in March 2016 and a second payment of $10,000 was made in July 2016. Upon
completion of the IPO on September 30, 2016, the Company closed on the assets. The balance of the cash portion of the
purchase price, $129,500, was paid in October 2016. 

Note 5. Acquisitions  

Target Companies and Target Assets   

The Company completed the first tranche of
its IPO on September 30, 2016, and closed the acquisitions of the businesses of the Target Companies and the Target Assets by
making cash payments totaling $1,391,736, Net, and issuing 1,377,531 shares of common stock. In October 2016, the Company
issued the final payment of $129,500 to Louis Neglia. The acquisition of the Target Companies has been accounted for as a
business acquisition, under the acquisition method of accounting. 

The Target Companies are as follows:   

CFFC Promotions, LLC  

Based in Atlantic City, New Jersey, CFFC was founded in 2011
and has promoted over 58 professional MMA events, primarily in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Ranked in the top 10 of all
regional MMA promotions, CFFC currently airs on the CBS Sports Network as well as www.gfl.tv. and has sent 23 fighters to the
UFC. CFFC s Robert Haydak and Mike Constantino serve as the Company s President and Director of Business
Development, respectively, Devon Mathiesen will serve as General Manager of CFFC. 

Hoosier Fight Club Promotions, LLC  

Based in the Chicago metropolitan area, HFC was founded in 2009
and has promoted over 26 events, including the first sanctioned event in Indiana in January, 2010. HFC has sent or promoted eight
fighters to the UFC and several to Invicta Fighting Championships. HFC s Danielle Vale serves as Regional Vice President
in the Chicago area market. 

Punch Drunk, Inc. d/b/a COmbat GAmes MMA  

Based in Kirkland, Washington, COGA was founded in 2009 and has
promoted over 46 shows primarily in Washington State. COGA frequently airs on ROOT Sports Pacific Northwest regional network as
well as www.gfl.tv. COGA s founder Joe DeRobbio serves as Regional Vice President for the Pacific Northwest region. 

Bang Time Entertainment LLC d/b/a Shogun Fights  

Based in Baltimore, Maryland, Shogun was
founded in 2008 and has promoted 14 fights at the Royal Farms Arena in Baltimore, the same venue that hosted UFC 174 in April
of 2014. A premier mid-Atlantic regional MMA promotion, Shogun Fights currently airs on Comcast Sportsnet as well as  www.gfl.tv. 
Shogun s founder John Rallo serves as our Regional Vice President for the mid-Atlantic region. 

13   

V3, LLC  

Based in Memphis, Tennessee, V3 Fights was
founded in 2009 and has promoted 45 events primarily at event centers in Memphis, Tennessee and elsewhere in Tennessee, Mississippi
and Alabama. V3Fights is the mid-South s premier MMA promotion and has been broadcast live on Comcast Sports South as well
as www.ustream.com,  www.YouTube.com . V3Fights founder Nick Harmeier serves as Regional Vice President for the mid-South
region. 

Go Fight Net, Inc.  

Founded in 2010, Go Fight Net operates  GoFightLive 
or  GFL  a sports media and technology platform focusing exclusively on the combat sports marketplace. With a media
library containing 11,000 titles comprising approximately 10,000 hours of unique video content, and the addition of approximately
1,200 hours of new original content annually, GFL maintains the largest continuously growing database of MMA events, fighters,
and fight videos in the world. The GFL fighter database contains information on over 25,000 professional and amateur combat sports
fighters and over 18,000 fights. GFL combines proprietary technology with content production and acquisition to deliver diverse
and compelling content to a global audience. GFL s content is distributed globally in all broadcast media through its proprietary
distribution platform via cable/satellite, Internet, IPTV and mobile protocols. The GFL platform utilizes GFL s proprietary
scalable online master control technology that enables viewers using a broad range of devices and formats to obtain large amounts
of video and other content. GFL broadcasts an average of 450 live events annually (having broadcast 2,500 events since inception)
to viewers in over 175 countries. GFL has produced 150 episodes of the GoFightLiveTM  real fights  series airing weekly
on Comcast Sports Net, SNY and other networks globally. 

Cagetix LLC  

Founded in 2009 by Jay Schneider, a seasoned MMA
event promoter, CageTix is the first group sales service to focus specifically on the MMA industry. CageTix is intended to
be complementary to any existing ticket service such as Ticketmaster or box office sales used by a
promotion. CageTix presently services the industry s top international mixed martial arts events including Legacy,
RFA, Bellator MMA, King of the Cage, and Glory. Since its inception, CageTix has sold tickets for over 1200 MMA events and
currently services 64 MMA promotions operating in 106 cities. In 2014, CageTix sold 15,883 tickets to 6,391 customers.
Formerly the founder of Victory Fighting Championships, Jay Schneider is a member of the Nebraska Athletic Commission and was
a senior columnist for Ultimate MMA magazine under the pen name  Victory Jay  for over a decade. Jay Schneider
 serves as Vice President. 

Acquisition of the Target Assets  

In addition to the acquisition of the businesses of the Target
Companies, the Company also acquired the MMA video libraries of two prominent regional promotions. The fight libraries
consist of the following: 

Hoss Promotions, LLC ( Hoss )  

An affiliate of CFFC, Hoss owns the intellectual property rights
to approximately 30 MMA events promoted by CFFC. The Company has acquired the exclusive rights to the Hoss fighter library, which
covers approximately 100 hours of video content. 

Ring of Combat, LLC ( Ring of Combat )  

Based in Brooklyn, New York, and founded by MMA icon and three-time
World Kickboxing Champion Louis Neglia (34-2), Ring of Combat is currently ranked as the No. 4 regional promotion in the world
by Sherdog.com, a website devoted to the sport of mixed martial arts that is owned indirectly by Evolve Media, LLC. 

14   

On September 30, 2016, the Company acquired the exclusive
rights to the Ring of Combat fighter library, which includes professional MMA, amateur, and kickboxing events and
covers approximately 200 hours of video content. Ring of Combat has sent approximately 90 fighters to the UFC. The Company
has also secured the media rights to all future Ring of Combat promotions. 

Preliminary Purchase Allocation   

As consideration for the acquisitions of the businesses of the
Target Companies and the Target Assets, the Company delivered the following amounts of cash and shares of common stock,
and recorded a contingent liability related to the specified earn outs. 

The number of shares of common stock paid as consideration was
calculated based on the IPO public offering price of $4.50 per share.   

The following table reflects the preliminary allocation of the
purchase price for the Target Assets and the businesses of the Target Companies to identifiable assets, liabilities assumed
and pro forma intangible assets and goodwill: 

Under acquisition accounting, assets and liabilities acquired are
recorded at their fair value on the acquisition date, with any excess in purchase price over these values being allocated to identifiable
intangible assets and goodwill at September 30, 2016. 

15   

The respective asset purchase agreements for the Target Companies
other than GFL, and the agreement and plan of merger for GFL, contemplate the acquisition of certain assets and assume certain
liabilities. Due to the short-term nature of many of the assets acquired, their carrying values, as shown in the historical financial
statements of the companies, approximate their respective fair values. In addition, value has been assigned to those intangible
assets related to intellectual property rights to video libraries, ticketing software and customer and venue relationships of
each Target Company. The goodwill recognized for these acquisitions is related primarily to synergies with the combined businesses
and assembled workforce. 

Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets   

Goodwill  

The change in the carrying amount of goodwill for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Intangible Assets  

Management s preliminary estimates of each
intangible asset type/category is based upon the nature of the businesses and the contracts entered into with each of the
Target Companies and intellectual property rights of video libraries of the Target Assets. The acquisitions bring value to
the business platform through their reputations as premier MMA promotional companies and their extensive video
libraries, ticketing platforms, and customer and venue relationships. As such, the intellectual property rights of video
libraries, ticketing software, and customer and venue relationships comprise the significant majority of management s
estimate of intangible assets. The preliminary estimated useful lives of intangible assets are based upon each asset s
contribution to the business platform and growth strategy. All estimates are preliminary. 

Since the intangible assets were acquired on
September 30, 2016, there is no amortization expense for the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, estimated amortization
expense for the unamortized acquired intangible assets for the next five years and thereafter is as follows: 

16   

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS  

  For the nine months ended September 30,
2016  

 ( In thousands, except share information)  

(i)       Professional
fees.  The Target Companies incurred approximately $311,000 of professional fees directly related to the acquisition of
prospective targets. These costs will be non-recurring and have been adjusted from the pro forma results.  

(ii)      Amortization
of intangible assets . Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives of
acquired intangible assets are based upon the economic benefit expected to be received and the period during which we expect
to receive that benefit. A useful life of five years has been assigned to the intellectual property rights of acquired
video libraries and three years to the acquired ticketing software and customer and venue relationships based on a number
of factors, including contractual agreements, estimated production hours available on video libraries and economic
factors pertaining to the combined companies.   

The unaudited pro forma financial information includes various
assumptions, including those related to the preliminary purchase price allocation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed
of Target Companies based on management s best estimates of fair value. The final purchase price allocation may vary based
on final appraisals, valuations and analyses of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities. Accordingly, the
pro forma adjustments are preliminary and have been made solely for illustrative purposes. 

The unaudited pro forma statement of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 are based on the historical financial statements of Alliance MMA, Inc. after giving
effect to the acquisition of the Target Assets and the businesses of the Target Companies and the assumptions, reclassifications
and adjustments described in the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma financial information.  

17   

The unaudited pro forma financial information
is not intended to represent or be indicative of the results of operations or financial position that would have been reported
had the acquisitions been completed as of the date presented, and should not be taken as a representation of potential future results
of operations or financial position.     

For purposes of these unaudited pro forma
statements of operations, the acquisitions of the Target Assets and the businesses of the Target Companies are assumed to have
occurred on January 1, 2016, and aggregate the results of Alliance and the Target Companies for the nine months ended September
30, 2016. 

Note 6. Debt  

Note Payable   Related Party   

In February 2015, the Company entered
into a loan agreement with Ivy Equity Investors, LLC for up to $500,000 of borrowings for startup expenses, including
professional fees related to the Company s initial public offering and expenses incident to the acquisition of the
Target Assets and businesses of the Target Companies.  On March 1, 2015, 5,289,136 shares were issued to Ivy Equity
Investors, LLC reducing the note payable and accrued interest balance by $5,289 which represents the par value of the shares
issued. Ivy Equity Investors, LLC is an affiliate of the Company s founder and current board
member, Mr. Gamberale who at the time was the Company s sole director. 

In May 2016 the loan agreement was amended
to permit up to $600,000 of aggregate borrowings for startup expenses. 

In July 2016 the loan agreement was amended
to permit up to $1,000,000 of  aggregate borrowings for startup expenses. 

Upon the completion of the IPO on September 30, 2016, a portion
of the proceeds were utilized to pay the balance of all amounts due under the loan. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the outstanding borrowings under the loan were $0 and $353,450, respectively, and the accrued interest amounts accrued under
the loan were $0 and $8,127, respectively. The loan bore interest at 6% per annum and matured on the earlier of the closing of
the IPO, or January 1, 2017. 

Note 7. Commitments and Contingencies  

Operating Leases   

The Company does not own any real property. Alliance s principal
executive and administrative offices are temporarily located at an office complex in New York, New York, which includes approximately
twenty thousand square feet of shared office space and services that are being leased.  The lease has a one-year term that
commenced on December 1, 2015, and allows for the limited use of private offices, conference rooms, mail handling, videoconferencing,
and certain other business services. There is a single Target Company lease that was assumed which is renewable monthly at market
rates and will be terminable with 30 days notice. 

Contingencies   

In the normal course of business or otherwise, the Company may become
involved in legal proceedings. The Company will accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been
incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount
in the range is accrued. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum
amount in the range is accrued. The accrual for a litigation loss contingency might include, for example, estimates of potential
damages, outside legal fees and other directly related costs expected to be incurred. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company was not involved in any legal proceedings. 

18   

Note 8. Stockholders  Equity  

Preferred Stock   

The Company s certificate of incorporation
authorizes 5,000,000 shares of $0.001 par value preferred stock. The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to limitations
prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of
shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series
and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by the
Company s stockholders. The Board of Directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of
preferred stock, but not below the number of shares then outstanding of that series, without any further vote or action by
stockholders. The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights. There
were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

Common Stock   

Authorized Shares  

The Company s certificate of incorporation authorizes 45,000,000
shares of $0.001 par value common stock. 

Voting Rights  

Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share
held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. The Company has not provided for cumulative voting for the election of
directors in our certificate of incorporation. 

No Preemptive or Similar Rights  

Common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject
to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Common Stock Issuances  

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company issued 1,813,225 common shares pursuant to the Company s IPO and 1,377,531 shares in connection with the
acquisition of the businesses of the Target Companies and the Hoss Target Assets. 

Stock Based Compensation Plan   

2016 Equity Incentive Plan  

On July 30, 2016, the Board of Directors adopted the Alliance MMA
2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2016 Plan ). The Company may grant shares of the Company s common stock to the
Company s directors, officers, employees or consultants. The 2016 Plan has been designed to provide the Board of Directors
with an integral resource as it evaluates the Company s compensation structure, performance incentive programs, and long-term
equity targets for executives and key employees. The following is a summary of the 2016 Plan. 

19   

Administration  

The Board intends to appoint and maintain as administrator of
the 2016 Plan a Committee (the  Committee ) consisting of two or more directors who are (i)  Independent
Directors  (as such term is defined under the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market), (ii)  Non-Employee
Directors  (as such term is defined in Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and (iii)
 Outside Directors  (as such term is defined in Section 162(m) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the  Code )). The Committee, subject to the terms of the 2016 Plan, will have full power and
authority to designate recipients of options and restricted stock, to determine the terms and conditions of the respective
option and restricted stock agreements (which need not be identical) and to interpret the provisions and supervise the
administration of the 2016 Plan. The Committee will also have the authority, without limitation, to designate which options
granted under the Plan will be Incentive Options and which will be Nonqualified Options. In the absence of a Committee, the
Plan will be administered by the Board of Directors. 

Eligibility  

Generally, the persons who are eligible to receive grants are
directors, officers and employees of, and consultants and advisors to, the Company or any subsidiary; provided that Incentive
Options may be granted only to employees of the Company and any subsidiary. 

Stock Subject to the 2016 Plan  

Stock subject to grants may be authorized, but unissued,
or reacquired common stock. Subject to adjustment as provided in the 2016 Plan, (i) the maximum aggregate number of shares
of common stock that may be issued under the 2016 Plan is 825,000. The shares of common stock subject to the 2016 Plan will
consist of unissued shares, treasury shares or previously issued shares held by a subsidiary of the Company, and such
number of shares of common stock will be reserved for such purpose. Any of such shares of common stock that may remain
unissued and that are not subject to outstanding options at the termination of the 2016 Plan will cease to be reserved for
the purposes of the 2016 Plan. 

Stock Option Grant  

In August 2016, the Company made its first equity grant under
the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, to purchase 200,000 shares of
common stock with an exercise price of $4.50. The stock options have a contractual term of 5 years and a grant date fair value
of $364,326 which is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of three years. The Company determined
the fair value of the stock options using the Black-Scholes model. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company recorded stock compensation expense of $20,240. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

The activity related to equity awards granted to employees, executives
and board members was as follows: 

20   

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the total unrecognized
expense for unvested stock options, net of expected forfeitures, was $344,086 and $0, respectively, which is expected to
be amortized over a weighted-average period of 3 years. 

Note 9. Net Loss per Share  

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss for the
period by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding during each period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by
dividing net loss for the period by the weighted average shares of common stock, common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive
securities outstanding during each period. The Company uses the treasury stock method to determine whether there is a dilutive
effect of outstanding option grants. 

The following table sets forth the computation of the Company s
basic and diluted net loss per share for the periods presented: 

The following securities were excluded from the computation of diluted
net loss per share for the periods presented because including them would have been antidilutive: 

Note 10. Income Taxes  

The Company recorded no income tax
provision for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as the Company has incurred losses for these periods. 

Income taxes are provided for the tax effects
of transactions reported in the consolidated financial statements and consist of taxes currently due. Deferred taxes relate to
differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting which will be either taxable or
deductible when the assets or liabilities are recovered or settled. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management
considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The
ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods
in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities,
projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on consideration of these items,
management has established a full valuation allowance as it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will not be realized
as of September 30, 2016. 

21   

Note 11. Related Party  

Notes Payable   Related Party   

In February 2015, the Company entered into
a loan agreement with Ivy Equity Investors, LLC which is an affiliate of the Company s founder and current board
member, Mr. Gamberale who at the time was the Company s sole director. On September 30, 2016 the Company completed
its initial public offering, and the outstanding balance on the note including accrued interest was repaid to Ivy Equity Investors,
LLC. See Note 7 Debt, for additional information. 

Note 12. Subsequent Events  

IPO  

Alliance completed the first tranche
of its initial public offering on September 30, 2016, with the sale of 1,813,225 shares of common stock with net proceeds
of $7,732,280, and closed the acquisitions of the Target Companies and Target Assets. The
Company completed the IPO in October and sold an additional 409,083 shares with net proceeds of $1,168,861. Upon the
completion of the IPO, the Company s gross proceeds from the sale of 2,222,308 shares of common stock was
$10,000,373. 

22   

CFFC PROMOTIONS LLC  

 CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 September 30, 2016 

 (UNAUDITED) 

23   

CFFC PROMOTIONS LLC  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

24   

CFFC PROMOTIONS LLC  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these  unaudited condensed financial statements.  

25   

CFFC PROMOTIONS LLC  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these  unaudited condensed financial statements.  

26   

CFFC Promotions, LLC  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation  

Nature of Business   

CFFC Promotions, LLC ( CFFC ) promotes
mixed martial arts cage fighting in the New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania tristate area. The Company was formed on January
28, 2014. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( GAAP ). 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X
for interim financial information. Accordingly, these statements do not include all of the information and notes required by
GAAP for complete financial statements. In our opinion, the unaudited interim condensed financial statements include all
adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position as of September
30, 2016, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and our
cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year
ending December 31, 2016. 

These unaudited interim condensed financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and related
notes included in our amended initial registration statement Form on S1/A. Filed
with the SEC on August 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported and disclosed in the  unaudited condensed financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but are not
limited to, allowance for doubtful accounts, the assessment of useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets,
likelihood and range of possible losses on contingencies, valuations of equity securities and intangible assets, fair
value of options, among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accounts Receivable   

Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts management expects
to collect. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded based on a combination of historical experience, aging analysis and
information on specific accounts. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of collection have been
exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Management has determined that an allowance of $22,625 is required
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company records revenue from ticket sales
and sponsorship income upon successful completion of the related event, at which time services have been deemed rendered, the sales
price is fixed and determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Advertising Costs   

Advertising costs, which are expensed as
incurred, were $281 and $261 for the three month ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $541 and $3,788 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Income Taxes   

The Company has elected to be treated as a
pass-through entity for income tax purposes and is not subject to income taxes. Rather, all items of taxable income, deductions
and tax credits are passed through to and are reported by its owners on their respective income tax returns. The Company s
federal tax status as a pass-through entity is based on its legal status as a limited liability company. Accordingly, the Company
is not required to take any tax positions in order to qualify as a pass-through entity. The Company is required to file and does
file tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. Accordingly, these unaudited condensed financial
statements do not reflect a provision for income taxes and the Company has no other tax positions, which must be considered for
disclosure. 

27   

CFFC Promotions, LLC  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Note 3. Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable consists of the following: 

Note 4. Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment consists of the following: 

Note 5. Debt  

Note Payable   

In February 2014, the Company entered into
a loan agreement with Mr. Colombino for $100,000 of borrowings with a due date of February 1, 2017. In 2015 the Company paid $15,000 to reduce the note payable to $67,000 and agreed to defer all remaining payments until February
1, 2017.  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the outstanding balance on the note was $67,000. 

28   

HOOSIER FIGHT CLUB PROMOTIONS, LLC  

 CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

 (UNAUDITED) 

29   

HOOSIER FIGHT PROMOTIONS LLC  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

30   

HOOSIER FIGHT PROMOTIONS LLC  

  CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these  unaudited condensed financial statements.  

31   

HOOSIER FIGHT PROMOTIONS LLC  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these  unaudited condensed financial statements.  

32   

Hoosier Fight Club Promotions,
LLC  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation  

Nature of Business   

Hoosier Fight Club Promotions, LLC was started
in the State of Indiana on March 1, 2009. HFC s focus is on becoming the premier Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) promoter in Northwest
Indiana and the Chicagoland markets. The Porter County Expo Center has become home to HFC. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of
Regulation S-X for interim financial information. Accordingly, these statements do not include all of the information and
notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In our opinion, the unaudited interim condensed financial
statements include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position
as of September 30, 2016, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to
be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

These unaudited interim condensed financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and related notes
included in our amended initial registration statement  Form on S1/A. Filed with the SEC on August 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial statements in
conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in
the unaudited condensed financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but are not limited to,
allowance for doubtful accounts, the assessment of useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets, likelihood and range
of possible losses on contingencies, valuations of equity securities and intangible assets, fair value of options,
among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

33   

Hoosier Fight Club Promotions,
LLC  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Accounts Receivable   

Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts
management expects to collect. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded based on a combination of historical experience,
aging analysis and information on specific accounts. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of
collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Management has determined that no allowance
is required at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Revenue Recognition    

The Company records revenue from ticket sales
and sponsorship income upon successful completion of the related event, at which time services have been deemed rendered, the
sales price is fixed and determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Deferred Revenue   

The Company received prepayment from a
sponsor as the Company requires prepayment before the date of the event. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
had deferred revenue of $6,400 and $7,500, respectively. The Company recognizes revenue and decreases deferred revenue in accordance
with its revenue recognition policy. 

Income Taxes   

The Company has elected to be treated as
a pass-through entity for income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to income taxes. Rather, all items of taxable income,
deductions and tax credits are passed through to and are reported by its owners on their respective income tax returns. The Company s
federal tax status as a pass-through entity is based on its legal status as a limited liability company. Accordingly, the Company
is not required to take any tax positions in order to qualify as a pass-through entity. The Company is required to file and does
file tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. Accordingly, these unaudited condensed financial
statements do not reflect a provision for income taxes and the Company has no other tax positions, which must be considered for
disclosure.  

Note 3. Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment consists of the following: 

34   

PUNCH DRUNK INC.   

 CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

 (UNAUDITED) 

35   

PUNCH DRUNK INC.  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

36   

PUNCH DRUNK INC.  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

37   

PUNCH DRUNK INC.  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

38   

Punch Drunk, Inc.   

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation  

Nature of Business   

Punch Drunk, Inc., also known as Combat
Games MMA, was incorporated in the State of Washington on March 11, 2009. Punch Drunk Inc. s focus is on becoming the premier
Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) promoter in northwest markets. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of
Regulation S-X for interim financial information. Accordingly, these statements do not include all of the information and
notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In our opinion, the unaudited interim condensed financial
statements include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position
as of September 30, 2016, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to
be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

These unaudited interim condensed financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and related
notes included in our amended initial registration statement Form on S1/A. Filed with the SEC on August 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of unaudited condensed
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported and disclosed in the unaudited condensed financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but
are not limited to, allowance for doubtful accounts, the assessment of useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets,
likelihood and range of possible losses on contingencies, valuations of equity securities and intangible assets, fair
value of options, among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition    

The Company records revenue from ticket
sales and sponsorship income upon the successful completion of the related event, at which time services have been deemed rendered,
the sales price is fixed and determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Customer deposits consist of amounts received
from the customer for fight promotion and entertainment services to be provided in the next period. The Company receives these
funds and recognizes them as a liability until the services are provided and revenue can be recognized. 

39   

Punch Drunk, Inc.   

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Income Taxes   

The Company is treated as a pass-through
entity for income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to income taxes. Rather, all items of taxable income, deductions and
tax credits are passed through to and are reported by its owners on their respective income tax returns. The Company s federal
tax status as a pass-through entity is based on its legal status as a limited liability company. Accordingly, the Company is not
required to take any tax positions in order to qualify as a pass-through entity. The Company is required to file and does file
tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. Accordingly, these unaudited condensed financial statements
do not reflect a provision for income taxes and the Company has no other tax positions, which must be considered for disclosure. 

Note 3. Property and Equipment    

Property and equipment consists of the following: 

40   

BANG TIME ENTERTAINMENT, LLC  

  DBA SHOGUN FIGHTS  

 CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 September 30, 2016 

 (UNAUDITED) 

41   

BANG TIME ENTERTAINMENT, LLC  

  DBA SHOGUN FIGHTS  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS   

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

42   

BANG TIME ENTERTAINMENT, LLC  

  DBA SHOGUN FIGHTS   

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

43   

BANG TIME ENTERTAINMENT, LLC  

  DBA SHOGUN FIGHTS  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

44   

Bang Time Entertainment, LLC   

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation  

Nature of Business   

Bang Time Entertainment, LLC DBA Shogun Fights (the Company)
is a Maryland limited liability company. The Company operates as a promoter for mixed martial arts events in the Baltimore, Maryland
area. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of
Regulation S-X for interim financial information. Accordingly, these statements do not include all of the information and
notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In our opinion, the unaudited interim condensed financial
statements include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position
as of September 30, 2016, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to
be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

These unaudited interim condensed financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and related notes
included in our amended initial registration statement  Form on S1/A.  Filed with the SEC on August 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of unaudited condensed
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported and disclosed in the unaudited condensed financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but
are not limited to, allowance for doubtful accounts, the assessment of useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets,
likelihood and range of possible losses on contingencies, valuations of equity securities and intangible assets, fair
value of options, among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accounts Receivable    

Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts management
expects to collect. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded based on a combination of historical experience, aging
analysis and information on specific accounts. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of
collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Management has determined that a $6,500 allowance is required at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

45   

Bang Time Entertainment, LLC   

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Revenue Recognition   

The Company records revenue from ticket
sales and sponsorship income upon successful completion of the related event, at which time services have been deemed rendered,
the sales price is fixed and determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Income Taxes    

The Company is treated as a pass-through
entity for income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to income taxes. Rather, all items of taxable income, deductions and
tax credits are passed through to and are reported by its owners on their respective income tax returns. The Company s federal
tax status as a pass-through entity is based on its legal status as a limited liability company. Accordingly, the Company is not
required to take any tax positions in order to qualify as a pass-through entity. The Company is required to file and does file
tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. Accordingly, these unaudited condensed financial statements
do not reflect a provision for income taxes and the Company has no other tax positions, which must be considered for disclosure. 

Note 3. Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable consists of the
following:    

Note 4. Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment consists of the following: 

46   

V3, LLC  

 CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

 (UNAUDITED) 

47   

V3, LLC  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

48   

V3, LLC  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

49   

V3, LLC  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

50   

V3, LLC  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation  

Nature of Business   

V3, LLC (the  Company )
was founded in Memphis, TN as an amateur fighting circuit in 2009. The Company s mission is to provide quality professional
MMA events for fans across the mid-south whether it be live, on television, online, or pay-per-view. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of
Regulation S-X for interim financial information. Accordingly, these statements do not include all of the information and
notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In our opinion, the unaudited interim condensed financial
statements include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position
as of September 30, 2016, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to
be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

These unaudited interim condensed financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and related notes
included in our amended initial registration statement  Form on S1/A. Filed with the SEC on August 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of unaudited condensed
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported and disclosed in the unaudited condensed financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but
are not limited to, allowance for doubtful accounts, the assessment of useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets,
likelihood and range of possible losses on contingencies, valuations of equity securities and intangible assets, fair
value of options, among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company records revenue from ticket sales and sponsorship
income upon successful completion of the related event, at which time services have been deemed rendered, the sales price is fixed
and determinable and collectability is reasonable assured. 

Income Taxes    

The Company is treated as a pass-through
entity for income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to income taxes. Rather, all items of taxable income, deductions and
tax credits are passed through to and are reported by its owners on their respective income tax returns. The Company s federal
tax status as a pass-through entity is based on its legal status as a limited liability company. Accordingly, the Company is not
required to take any tax positions in order to qualify as a pass-through entity. The Company is required to file and does file
tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. Accordingly, these unaudited condensed financial statements
do not reflect a provision for income taxes and the Company has no other tax positions, which must be considered for disclosure. 

51   

GO FIGHT NET, INC.  

 CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 September 30, 2016 

 (UNAUDITED) 

52   

GO FIGHT NET, INC.  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

53   

GO FIGHT NET, INC.  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

54   

GO FIGHT NET, INC.  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

55   

Go Fight Net, Inc.   

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation  

Nature of Business   

Go Fight Net, Inc. ( GFL  or
 the Company ) is a sports media company and brand focusing on the combat sports marketplace. The Company combines
proprietary technology with content production and acquisition to deliver diverse and compelling content to a global audience.
GFL content is distributed globally in all broadcast mediums through the Company s proprietary distribution platform via
cable/satellite, internet, IPTV and mobile protocols. 

GFL by the Numbers:   

Produced 150 weekly episodes of the GFL  real fights  series airing on Comcast Sports Net, SNY and other networks globally   this series continues to air weekly.   

Technology Platform   

The Company has built a scalable online master control that
enables a wide range of functionality in the ingest and delivery of large amounts of data and video to viewers using a broad range
of devices and formats to access its content. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of
Regulation S-X for interim financial information. Accordingly, these statements do not include all of the information and
notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In our opinion, the unaudited interim condensed financial
statements include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position
as of September 30, 2016, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to
be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

These unaudited interim condensed financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the condensed financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and related notes
included in our amended initial registration statement  Form on S1/A. Filed with the SEC on August 30, 2016. 

56   

Go Fight Net, Inc.   

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and
disclosed in the unaudited condensed financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but are not limited
to, allowance for doubtful accounts, the assessment of useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets, likelihood and
range of possible losses on contingencies, valuations of equity securities and intangible assets, fair value of options,
among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accounts Receivable    

Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts
management expects to collect. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded based on a combination of historical experience,
aging analysis and information on specific accounts. Account balances are written off against the allowance after all means of
collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. Management has determined that no allowance
is required at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

Revenue Recognition    

The Company acts as a producer,
distributor and licensor of video content. The Company s online video content is offered on a pay per view
( ppv ) basis for ourselves and our promoter clients.  We record revenue on pay per view transactions upon
receipt of payment to our credit processing partners.  The Company charges viewers a fee per pay per view purchase
transaction for entitling a viewer to watch the desired video.  The Company records revenue net of a fee for
the credit card processing cost per transaction. The Company maintains all revenues from videos we film for ourselves and
distribute a profit share, typically 50% to promoters who use our streaming services. The Company generates revenues from
video production services, and books this revenue upon completion of the video production project. The Company generates
revenues from licensing the rights to videos to networks overseas and domestically, and books those revenues upon
delivery of content.  To the extent there are issues (i) watching a video (ii) with our production services or (iii)
with the quality of a video we send out for distribution to a network we would issue a partial or full refund based on the
circumstances. Given the nature of our business, these refund requests come within days of delivery, thus we would not
anticipate any refund request in excess of 30 days from a ppv purchase, a license delivery or video production
performance.  The Company has reserves of $2,794 and $1,380 for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Income Taxes   

The Company uses the asset and liability
method of accounting for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes.  Under this method, income tax
expense is recognized for the amount of: (i) taxes payable or refundable for the current year and (ii) deferred tax consequences
of temporary differences resulting from matters that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or tax returns.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in the results of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

A valuation allowance is provided to reduce
the deferred tax assets reported if based on the weight of the available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than
not some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

ASC Topic 740.10.30 clarifies the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. ASC Topic 740.10.40 provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in
interim periods, disclosure, and transition. We have no material uncertain tax positions for any of the reporting periods presented. 

57   

Go Fight Net, Inc.   

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Note 3. Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment consists of the following: 

Note 4. 401K Payable  

The Company maintains a contributory profit sharing plan as
defined under Section 401(k) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code covering one employee.  At December 31, 2015, the Company had
a 401(k) accrual totaling $24,000. In 2016, the Company accrued an additional $20,000 to the 401 (k) accrual and paid down $24,000
bringing the total payable to $20,000 at September 30, 2016. 

58   

Cagetix, LLC  

 CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 September 30, 2016 

(UNAUDITED) 

59   

CageTix, LLC  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.   

60   

CageTix, LLC  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

61   

CageTix, LLC  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.  

62   

Cagetix, LLC  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Note 1. Description of Business and Basis of Presentation  

Nature of Business    

CageTix, LLC allows fighters to sell consigned
tickets online and have sales tracked for promoters .  The Company is the first group sales service to focus specifically
on Mixed Martial Arts and expanded in 2015 to additional combat sports. 

Basis of Presentation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). 

Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Unaudited Interim Financial Information   

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of
Regulation S-X for interim financial information. Accordingly, these statements do not include all of the information and
notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In our opinion, the unaudited interim condensed financial
statements include all adjustments of a normal recurring nature necessary for the fair presentation of our financial position
as of September 30, 2016, our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, and our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of
operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to
be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. 

These unaudited interim condensed financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 and related notes
included in our amended initial registration statement  Form on S1/A. Filed with the SEC on August 30, 2016. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial statements
in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed
in the unaudited condensed financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include, but are not limited to, allowance
for doubtful accounts, the assessment of useful lives and recoverability of long-lived assets, likelihood and range of
possible losses on contingencies, valuations of equity securities and intangible assets, fair value of options, among
others. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company acts as an agent for ticket
sales for promoters and records revenue upon receipt of cash from the credit card companies. The Company charges a fee per transaction
for collecting the cash on ticket sales and remits the remaining amount to the promoter upon completion of the event or request
for advance from the promoter. The Company s fee is non-refundable and is recognized immediately as it is not tied to the
completion of the event. The Company recognizes revenue upon receipt from the credit card companies due to the following: the
fee is fixed and determined and the service of collecting the cash for the promoter has been rendered and collection has occurred.  

63   

Cagetix, LLC  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

   (Unaudited)   

Income Taxes   

The Company is treated as a pass-through
entity for income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to income taxes. Rather, all items of taxable income, deductions and
tax credits are passed through to and are reported by its owners on their respective income tax returns. The Company s federal
tax status as a pass-through entity is based on its legal status as a limited liability company. Accordingly, the Company is not
required to take any tax positions in order to qualify as a pass-through entity. The Company is required to file and does file
tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service and other taxing authorities. Accordingly, these unaudited condensed financial statements
do not reflect a provision for income taxes and the Company has no other tax positions, which must be considered for disclosure.    

Note 3. Revenue    

Net revenue with one customer
was approximately $41,780 or 32% of net  Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Net revenue with one customer
was approximately $10,955 or 15% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

64   

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with
the consolidated historical and pro forma financial statements and related notes included in the Company s prospectus. In
addition, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause
actual results to differ materially from management s expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed
in  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  and  Risk Factors.  We assume no obligation to update
any of these forward-looking statements.  

We are presenting the following discussion with respect to
each Target Company individually, then for Alliance, both individually and on a pro forma basis for the period covered by the pro
forma financial statements included herein.  

Industry Overview  

In less than a quarter century, modern day mixed martial arts
has developed from a pariah banned in most U.S. states to an international sports phenomenon that some believe will be an Olympic
event within the next two decades. As it is practiced today, MMA evolved directly from a Brazilian combat sport known as  vale
tudo , Portuguese for  anything goes,  which was popular in the 1920 s. MMA is a full contact sport that
permits fighters to use techniques from both striking and grappling martial arts such as Boxing, Wrestling, Taekwondo, Karate,
Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Muay Thai, and Judo. The  MMA Industry  generates revenues by promoting live MMA bouts, and through
Pay-Per-View, video-on-demand and televised MMA event programming, merchandise sales, event and fighter sponsorships, and the
monetization of MMA-related intellectual property royalties.   

The MMA industry in its current form traces its origins to the
founding of the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) in 1993. Initially, the UFC struggled to gain acceptance from
the general public, which perceived the sport as excessively violent. Politicians including Senator John McCain of Arizona and
New York state assemblyman Bob Reilly led the charge to ban MMA competitions from cable television. When their cable contracts
were terminated in 1997, MMA events survived underground through internet and word of mouth promotions until their organizers agreed
to a change of rules that allowed the Nevada State Athletic Commission and the New Jersey State Athletic Control Board to sanction
the competitions in 2001. In 2006 Johns Hopkins University Medical School commissioned a study published in the  Journal of Sports
Science and Medicine  which concluded that the injury rate in sanctioned MMA events is comparable to other combat sports involving
striking and that in fact there are lower knockout rates in MMA compared to boxing. According to a study from  The British Journal
of Sports Medicine , only 28 percent of MMA bouts ended with a blow to the head, as most fights are decided by a tactical wrestling
match where one opponent forces the other into submission. 

65   

Today, the sport is legal and regulated in all 50 states. Interest
and participation in the sport is growing at a rapid pace. There were over 1,160 professional and pro-am events held in the United
States in 2014, and over 3,050 such events in 2015, according to the  National MMA Registry , a proprietary database maintained
by the Association of Boxing Commissions. The Association is operated by members from commissions from the United States and internationally.
According to the  National MMA Registry , in 2015 there were a total of 15,105 professional MMA bouts and 12,190 amateur
bouts. 

Led by the UFC in terms of prominence and market share on a
national level, there are in excess of 600 domestic regional MMA promotion companies promoting approximately 40,000 male and female
professional and amateur fighters, according to Tapology.com, a leading online MMA forum. On an international basis, Tapology.com
reports that the number of MMA promotions exceeds 1,025 with in excess of 90,000 professional and amateur MMA fighters. The UFC
states on its website that its live MMA events are currently televised in over 129 countries and territories in approximately 800
million households in 28 languages. 

Fueled in part by the notoriety of celebrity MMA
athletes, including Olympic medalist Rhonda Rousey, Irish sensation Conor McGregor and legends Anderson Silva, Jose Aldo and
Chris Weidman, among others, UFC events are held before crowds routinely averaging 15,000 with several live gates exceeding
50,000, according to the UFC and Tapology.com. Although the business results achieved by the UFC do not bear directly on
whether alliance will successfully executive its business plan, they do evidence the wide and growing acceptance of the sport
and the opportunity presented by its popularity. 

Our Business  

Our operations will be centered on the following three business
components:  

Live MMA Event Promotion, which will consist of generating revenue from ticket sales and providing a foundation for national sponsorship and national and international media distribution for our live MMA events.   

MMA Content Distribution, which will consist of paid distribution of original content on television, cable networks, pay-per-view broadcasts, and over the Internet, in the United States and through international distribution agreements.    

Sponsorships and Promotions, which will consist of sponsorships for live MMA events and televised productions and related advertising and promotional opportunities.   

In addition, we are evaluating the profitability of other revenue
sources, such as merchandising, ticketing, and fighter agency and management services. 

66   

Our Strategy  

Our objective is to enhance the collective market share and
profitability of the businesses of the Target Companies, and to become the premier feeder organization to the UFC, Bellator, the
World Series of Fighting and other prestigious MMA promotions worldwide. To achieve this objective, we intend to employ the following
strategies: 

Distributing our Original Content  . We intend to
leverage the existing MMA fight media libraries of the Target Companies, including the GFL media library which has over 10,000
hours of original fight content, to create programming that we will offer through the www.gfl.tv website as well as through other
distribution arrangements. We believe this content has value that has not been monetized primarily due to the limited financial
resources of the Target Companies on a stand-alone basis. On a collective basis, the media libraries of the Target Companies comprise
one of the largest MMA video archives in existence and contain valuable footage of the determining bouts of many MMA stars from
early in their professional careers. The UFC has recognized the value in historic MMA content and recently launched its UFC Fight
Pass   subscription service which is intended to complement its live event and pay-per-view business. We also intend to
produce original MMA programming at MMA events that we promote, and monetize this content through domestic and international distribution
arrangements. Several of the Target Companies have established live and delayed television arrangements with a variety of networks,
including CBS Sports Network and Comcast Sports Net. CFFC s agreement with CBS Sports Network provides for eight prime time
televised events in 2016 with each event being rebroadcast at least once. We are in discussions with several major networks in
anticipation of extending our broadcast opportunities to more Target Company promotions following the acquisition. 

Obtaining National Sponsorships  . We are in discussions
with several prominent brands that we intend to secure as national sponsors for our live promotion events. Presently, the Target
Companies rely primarily on local and regional sponsors for their live events, although several have established sponsorship and
advertising arrangements with larger organizations such as Adidas, MHP and Bud Light. We are in discussions with several prominent
sports marketing agencies experienced in identifying, negotiating and procuring sponsorship agreements between mixed martial arts
fighters and prospective sponsors, and are presently working to increase sponsorship revenue at each Target Company event in anticipation
of our acquisition of the Target Companies. We are also interviewing several prominent sports marketing and advertising firms with
a view towards increasing or expanding existing regional sponsorship arrangements. 

Increasing Profitability Through the CageTix Ticketing
Platform  . As is customary in the MMA industry, the fighters appearing on an event fight card will sell a majority of the
tickets sold for that event, an amount that routinely exceeds 70% of total live gate ticket sales. Referred to as  fighter
consigned  tickets, sales are generally made in face-to-face cash transactions. Often, ticket proceeds are delivered to the
regional MMA promoter on or close to the day of the event, making forecasting and budgeting difficult. Upon the acquisition of
CageTix, we intend to aggregate control of the ticketing sales chain by instituting the use of the CageTix platform across all
of the Target Companies. We believe that using CageTix will allow us to increase the profitability of the Target Companies 
events, while capturing valuable demographic customer information that will facilitate subsequent sales and marketing efforts.
Utilizing proprietary software that is formatted to accommodate a range of mobile devices (iPhone, iPad, Android), the CageTix
platform can significantly enhance promoter profitability by offering the security of credit/debit card sales processing; immediate
revenue recognition; real time sales reporting; and sales audit and compliance tracking for taxing and regulatory authorities.  

Securing More Favorable Event Venues  . We intend
to migrate the businesses of certain Target Companies from paid event venue arrangements to venues that will compensate the promotions
for hosting events, such as community sponsored civic auditoriums. In 2015, approximately 55% of the events promoted by the Target
Companies were hosted in venues where the promotion paid to appear at the venue. We expect that the relocation of the Target Companies
to paid venues will increase our profitability. By way of example, CFFC s agreement with the Borgata Hotel Casino   Spa
in Atlantic City, New Jersey, provides for six paid events in 2016 (with site fees of $15,000 for each pro event), sound, lighting
and engineering support, ushers and security, advertising and promotional support (including local radio and television ads), and
hotel rooms and suites with an equivalent of 114 room nights. Hoosier s agreements for Caesars Entertainment Corp. s
Horseshoe Casino and Blue Chip Casino both provide Hoosier with similar support services as well as paid site fees for the event
venues. Both V3 and COGA are in negotiations with casino venues in their respective markets to secure valuable promotion arrangements. 

67   

Identifying and Signing Top Prospects  . We intend
to continue the Target Companies  history of securing highly-regarded professional fighters to multi-fight agreements, arrangements
which will enhance our reputation and the value of our live MMA programming content. By conducting a great number of professional
MMA events than other regional promotions, and by televising these events, we are able to provide prospects with multi-fight opportunities
and the visibility they seek when affiliating with a promotion. Currently, CFFC has over 50 professional fighters signed to exclusive
multi-fight contracts including Shane Burgos, Jared Gordon, and Dominic Mazzotta, whose professional records are 7-0, 10-1, and
11-1, respectively. Hoosier presently has over ten professional fighters signed to exclusive multi-fight promotional agreements,
including top prospects Nick Krauss, Kevin Nowaczyk, Joey Diehl and Cole Wilken. By leveraging the relationships of our management
team and members of our Board of Directors with top training camps, including Blackhouse MMA, American Top Team, Blackzilians,
the Gracie family, Jacksons MMA, Chute Boxe, Octagon MMA, and 4oz Fight Club, we anticipate that we will be able to identify top
prospects who will help ensure successful events and establish long-term relationships with the UFC and other leading MMA promotions. 

We intend to acquire, on a selective basis, additional profitable
regional MMA promotions in markets where we currently do not promote events. We believe that the regional MMA industry is oriented
toward consolidation and that we can achieve significant growth through further acquisitions as well as by organically growing
our existing MMA promotions. According to the Association of Boxing Commissions, there are presently more than 1,160 registered
MMA promoters in the United States and we believe this number exceeds 8,000 worldwide. We estimate that no one promotion has more
than a 1% share of the market. We further believe that regional MMA promoters are finding it increasingly difficult to attract
the best prospects given the level of competition among regional MMA promoters to secure the best fighters. Since we anticipate
promoting over 65 events annually and sending a significant number of fighters to elite promotions such as the UFC, Bellator, World
Series of Fighting and other premier MMA promotion, we expect to be able to guarantee multiple fights to top prospects, thereby
attracting high-quality fighters. 

Competition  

The market for live and televised MMA events and for historical
MMA video content is extremely competitive. 

The principal competitive factors in our industry include: 

The ability to attract and retain successful professional fighters in order to promote events that are appealing to fans and sponsors.   

The ability to promote a large number of events and bouts so that fighters are willing to commit to multi-fight agreements.   

The ability to command the attention of the UFC, Bellator, World Series of Fighting and other premier MMA promotion seeking professional fighters to promote on a national and/or international platform.   

The ability to produce high-quality media content on a consistent basis to secure television and other media distribution arrangements.   

The ability to generate brand awareness in the relevant geographic market.   

Despite the competition we face, we believe that our approach
of combining multiple regional MMA promotions under one umbrella organization enables us to leverage the collective resources and
relationships of these promotions to address these competitive factors more effectively. In addition, our multi-regional and, over
time, international, presence will enable us to offer sponsors and media outlets a broad geographic footprint in which to market
products, services and content. 

68   

Acquisition of Target Companies 
Businesses and Target Assets  

Upon the completion of our initial public offering
on September 30, 2016 we acquired the businesses of the Target Companies and  the Target Assets, through a series
of asset purchases and, in the case of GFL, through a merger. 

The Target Companies  

Prior to the acquisitions, the Target Companies consisted
of five regional MMA promotion companies, a live MMA video promotion and content distribution company, and an
electronic ticketing platform serving MMA and other combat sports events. The Target Companies comprised many of the premier
regional MMA promotions in the United States, with CFFC and Hoosier Fight Club ranked among the top 40 of all regional
MMA promotions internationally. On a collective basis, these promotions have sent over 50 professional MMA fighters to the
UFC, have over 65 professional MMA fighters under multi-fight contracts, and conducted more than 50 professional MMA events
in 2015. Many of the Target Companies  events are televised or streamed live on cable and network stations. In 2015,
the Target Companies collectively generated $2.4 million in gross revenue and $0.127 million in net income.  

The Target Companies were: 

CFFC Promotions, LLC ( CFFC )   

Based in Atlantic City, New Jersey, CFFC was founded in 2011
and has promoted over 57 professional MMA events, primarily in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Ranked in the top 10 of all regional
MMA promotions, CFFC currently airs on the CBS Sports Network as well as www.gfl.tv. and has sent 23 fighters to the UFC, including
Aljamain Sterling (11-0), Jimmie Rivera (15-1), Lyman Good (13-3), and Paul Felder (10-2). CFFC s Robert Haydak and Mike
Constantino serve as our President and Director of Business Development, respectively. CFFC has approximately
52 fighters under multi-fight contracts and is scheduled to promote 12 events in 2016. Robert Haydak and Mike Constantino have
each been inducted into the New Jersey State Martial Arts Hall of Fame. 

Hoosier Fight Club Promotions, LLC ( Hoosier Fight
Club  or  HFC )   

Based in the Chicago metropolitan area, HFC was founded in 2009
and has promoted over 25 events, including the first sanctioned event in Indiana in January, 2010. HFC has sent or promoted eight
fighters to the UFC and several to Invicta Fighting Championships (the premier all-female MMA promotion) including Neil Magny (16-5),
Felice Herrig (10-6), Phillipe Nover (12-5), Josh Sampo (11-5), and Barb Honchak (10-2), the Invicta FC Flyweight Champion and
third-ranked pound-for-pound female MMA fighter in the world by MMARising.com. HFC has 11 fighters under multi-fight contracts
and is scheduled to promote eight events in 2016. HFC is now available on www.gfl.tv. HFC s Danielle Vale serves as Regional
Vice President in the Chicago area market. 

Punch Drunk, Inc. d/b/a COmbat GAmes MMA ( COGA )   

Based in Kirkland, Washington, COGA was founded in 2009 and
has promoted over 46 shows primarily in Washington State. COGA frequently airs on ROOT Sports Pacific Northwest regional network
as well as www.gfl.tv. Voted  Best Fight Promotion of the Year  for 2011 and 2012 by NW FightScene Magazine, COGA is
recognized as the premier MMA promotion in Washington State. COGA has sent 10 fighters to the UFC, including bantam weight champion
Demetrious Johnson (26-2-1), Ultimate Fighter winner Michael Chiesa (12-2), light heavy weight Trevor Smith (13-6), and heavy weight
Anthony Hamilton (14-4). COGA is scheduled to promote eight events in 2016. COGA s founder Joe DeRobbio serves as our
Regional Vice President for the Pacific Northwest region. 

69   

Bang Time Entertainment LLC (d/b/a
 Shogun Fights )   

Based in Baltimore, Maryland, Shogun was
founded in 2008 and has promoted 13 fights at the Royal Farms Arena in Baltimore, the same venue that hosted UFC 174 in April of
2014. A premier mid-Atlantic regional MMA promotion, Shogun Fights currently airs on Comcast Sportsnet as well as  www.gfl.tv 
and is scheduled to promote two events in 2016. Shogun has sent three fighters to the UFC including Jim Hettes (11-3), Dustin Pague
(11-10), and Zach Davis (9-2), with numerous others having fought for Bellator as well. In its past six events, Shogun Fights has
had the opportunity to have four UFC veterans, three Ultimate Fighter reality series contestants, ten Bellator Fighting championship
veterans and one Strikeforce veteran fight on its professional MMA card. A champion for the legalization of MMA in Maryland, Shogun
Fights  John Rallo  serves as our Regional Vice President for the mid-Atlantic region and is scheduled to promote two
events in 2016. 

V3, LLC   ( V3 Fights )   

Based in Memphis, Tennessee, V3 Fights
was founded in 2009 and has promoted 45 events primarily at event centers in Memphis, Tennessee and elsewhere in Tennessee, Mississippi
and Alabama. V3Fights is the mid-South s premier MMA promotion and has been broadcast live on Comcast Sports South as well
as www.ustream.com, www.YouTube.com. V3Fights is now available on www.gfl.tv. Notable fighters who have fought for V3Fights are
Bellator number one heavyweight contender, Tony Johnson (9-2), Bellator fighter, Jonny Bonilla-Bowman (2-0), and Invicta FC star,
Andrea  KGB  Lee (3-1). V3Fights currently has 4 fighters under multi-fight contracts and will play host to 10 events
in 2016. V3Fights founder Nick Harmeier will serve as our Regional Vice President for the mid-South region and is scheduled to
promote 12 events in 2016. 

Go Fight Net, Inc ( GFL ).   

Founded in 2010, Go Fight Net operates
 GoFightLive  or  GFL  a sports media and technology platform focusing exclusively on the combat sports
marketplace. With a media library containing 11,000 titles comprising approximately 10,000 hours of unique video content, and the
addition of approximately 1,200 hours of new original content annually, GFL maintains the largest continuously growing database
of MMA events, fighters, and fight videos in the world. The GFL fighter database contains information on over 25,000 professional
and amateur combat sports fighters and over 18,000 fights. GFL combines proprietary technology with content production and acquisition
to deliver diverse and compelling content to a global audience. GFL s content is distributed globally in all broadcast media
through its proprietary distribution platform via cable/satellite, Internet, IPTV and mobile protocols. The GFL platform utilizes
GFL s proprietary scalable online master control technology that enables viewers using a broad range of devices and formats
to obtain large amounts of video and other content. GFL broadcasts an average of 450 live events annually (having broadcast 2,500
events since inception) to viewers in over 175 countries. GFL has produced 150 episodes of the GoFightLiveTM  real fights 
series airing weekly on Comcast Sports Net, SNY and other networks globally. 

Cagetix LLC  CageTix    

Founded in 2009 by Jay Schneider, a seasoned
MMA event promoter, CageTix is the first group sales service to focus specifically on the MMA industry. CageTix is intended to
be complementary to any existing ticket service used by a promotion such as Ticketmaster or box office sales. CageTix presently
services the industry s top international mixed martial arts events including Legacy, RFA, Bellator MMA, King of the Cage,
and Glory. Since its inception, CageTix has sold tickets for over 1200 MMA events and currently services 64 MMA promotions operating
in 106 cities. In 2014, CageTix sold 15,883 tickets to 6,391 customers. Formerly the founder of Victory Fighting Championships,
Jay Schneider is a member of the Nebraska Athletic Commission and was a senior columnist for Ultimate MMA magazine under the pen
name  Victory Jay  for over a decade. Jay Schneider serves as our Vice President following the acquisition.  

Acquisition of the Target Assets  

In addition to the acquisition of the businesses of the
Target Companies, we also acquired the MMA video libraries of two prominent regional promotions. The fighter
libraries consist of the following: 

70   

Ring of Combat, LLC  Ring of Combat    

Based in Brooklyn, New York, and founded by MMA icon and three-time
World Kickboxing Champion Louis Neglia (34-2), Ring of Combat is currently ranked as the No. 4 regional promotion in the world
by Sherdog.com, a website devoted to the sport of mixed martial arts that is owned indirectly by Evolve Media, LLC. According to
Sherdog.com, its rankings are determined by several factors including (i) the size of the shows put on by the regional promotion,
(ii) the quality of fighters affiliated with the promotion, (iii) the number of fighters that matriculate to the UFC and other
premier promotions such as Bellator MMA, (iv) the success those fighters have once elevated to the UFC and such other premier promotions,
and (v) whether the promotion has a television or other media arrangement in place. 

We acquired the exclusive rights to the Ring of Combat fighter
library, which includes professional MMA, amateur, and kickboxing events and covers approximately 200 hours of video content. Ring
of Combat has sent approximately 90 fighters to the UFC including UFC World Champions Matt Serra (11-7), Frankie Edgar (19-4),
and Chris Weidman (13-0), whose fights are included in the Ring of Combat fighter library. We have also secured the media rights
to all future Ring of Combat promotions. 

Hoss Promotions, LLC  Hoss    

An affiliate of CFFC, Hoss owns the intellectual property rights
to approximately 30 MMA events promoted by CFFC. We have acquired the exclusive rights to the Hoss fighter library, which covers
approximately 100 hours of video content.  

Consideration Paid to Target Companies, Hoss and Louis Neglia  

The aggregate consideration paid to acquire the businesses of
the Target Companies and the MMA fighter libraries of Hoss and Louis Neglia was approximately $7.8 million, consisting of cash
in the amount of $1.6 million, and shares of our common stock with a market value of $6.2 million based on our initial public offering
price of $4.50 per share. With respect to each Target Company other than GFL, the purchase price will be adjusted upward in the
event that, during the twelve-month period following the completion of the offering, such Target Company exceeds certain gross
profit thresholds agreed upon by us and the Target Company. The upward adjustment to the purchase price will be a multiple of seven
times the amount by which actual gross profit exceeds the agreed-upon gross profit threshold. Any increase in the purchase price
will be paid following the filing of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter immediately following the first full calendar
year after the completion of our initial public offering and will be paid in shares of our common stock valued at the lesser of
(i) the initial public offering price at which shares were sold of $4.50 and (ii) the average of the closing trading price for
our stock over the 20 trading days prior to the date on which we file such Form 10-Q.   

We valued the business of each Target Company using a number
of factors including historical and projected future profitability and expectations of the business of each Target Company under
the Alliance brand. Factors we considered include, but are not limited to, current financial position, professional fighter rosters,
customer and venue arrangements, media library and other intellectual property rights, prominence in the MMA industry, nature and
extent, if any, of sponsorships, television and pay-per-view arrangements, and other relevant characteristics. During our assessment
of each Target Company, we recognized that the majority of value resided in the ability of the promoters to establish credible
customer and venue relationships, the breadth of each promotion s video library and related intellectual property rights
and, in the case of CageTix, its proprietary ticketing software which we intend to leverage across our platform. While each promotion
brings a unique value proposition on a stand-alone basis, we believe that on a combined basis significantly greater value can be
realized, particularly in the areas of television and media sponsorship.  

71   

Structure of Acquisitions  

Although each acquisition agreement contains slightly different
terms, we generally acquired the MMA video library and tangible assets of each of the Target Companies, but not their debt. We did, however, acquire the working capital of each Target Company in an amount sufficient to conduct each Target Company s
next scheduled promotional event. The acquisition of GFL is structured as a merger and we acquired all of the outstanding capital
stock of GFL in consideration for cash and shares of our common stock. We will license the trademarks of the Target Companies
under perpetual, royalty-free licenses that may be terminated only in the event of a material uncured breach of the respective
agreement by us. 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 to
the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Shogun   

The tables below summarize Shogun s results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Net revenue is zero for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, thus, revenue, cost of revenue and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue are not applicable. 

The decrease in operating expenses of approximately
$6,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was attributable primarily to $5,000 of
legal and accounting expenses incurred in connection with the contemplated sale of the Shogun business to Alliance. 

CageTix   

The tables below summarize CageTix s results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

72   

The following table presents CageTix s operating results
as a percentage of revenue: 

Net revenue for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 increased by more than approximately $29,000, while net income increased by approximately $35,000.This increase
reflects the expansion of ticket sales to combat sporting venues outside of mixed martial arts. Alliance anticipates that the expansion
of the CageTix ticketing platform into these and other venues will continue. 

The decrease in operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to additional
accounting expenses incurred in connection with the contemplated sale of the CageTix business to Alliance in 2015. 

CFFC   

The tables below summarize CFFC s results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents CFFC s operating results
as a percentage of revenue: 

73   

CFFC s revenues for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by approximately $49,000, and gross profit decreased by approximately
$51,000, over the same period in 2015. These variances are the result of a decrease in ticket sales and sponsorship revenue.
Gross profit was directly impacted by decrease in the production and commissions. 

The decrease in operating expenses was attributable to the travel and supplies of approximately
$7,000 and accounting expenses of $4,500 incurred in connection with the contemplated sale of CFFC to Alliance in 2015. 

GFL   

Founded in 2010, GFL is a sports media and technology platform
focusing exclusively on the combat sports industry. In addition to its extensive video library, GFL uses its proprietary technology
platform to offer online streaming media content, televised events and social media access to MMA fans world-wide. 

The tables below summarize GFL s results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents GFL s operating results as
a percentage of revenue: 

For the three months ended September 30, 2016, revenue decreased
by approximately $37,000, over the three months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was the result of the expiration of GFL s
overseas licensing deal and lower broadcast revenue from its promotions. To counter this loss, GFL sought out alternative revenue
streams from non-MMA promotional events such as boxing, jiu jitsu, and lacrosse. GFL offered these newer services at slightly reduced
rates, which resulted in a decline in profit margins. 

Operating expenses decreased by approximately $10,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, due
to accounting expenses incurred in connection with the contemplated merger of GFL with a holly-owned subsidiary of Alliance in
2015. 

74   

HFC   

The tables below summarize HFC s results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents HFC s operating results as
a percentage of revenue: 

HFC s revenues increased approximately
$12,000, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period 2015. This growth was the result of selling more ticket
revenue in 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

Operating expenses for the period were relatively flat, with
the exception insurance expense increase approximately by $3,000. 

75   

COGA   

The tables below summarize COGA s results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents COGA s
operating results as a percentage of revenue: 

COGA revenues decreased approximately
$22,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period 2015. This reduction was the result of site
fees and gate percentage at the casino in 2016 as compared to 2015. 

The decrease in operating expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to decrease
in officer salary and additional accounting expenses incurred in connection with the contemplated sale of the COGA business
to Alliance in 2015.  

76   

V3 Fights  

The tables below summarize V3 s results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following table presents V3 s operating results as
a percentage of revenue: 

V3 s revenues decreased approximately $13,000,
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015. This reduction was the result of decrease of
ticket sales due to a new venue and decrease in sponsor revenue in 2016 as compared to 2015. 

The decrease in operating expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to additional accounting expenses incurred in connection with the contemplated
sale of the V3 Fights business to Alliance in 2015. 

Alliance MMA  

Alliance was formed on February 12, 2015 for the purposes of
identifying and acquiring businesses that promote or support mixed martial art events and programming. 

77   

The tables below summarize Alliance s results of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Net revenue is zero for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, thus, revenue, cost of revenue and operating expenses as percentage of revenue are not applicable. 

The increase in general and administrative
expenses of approximately $338,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015. Mainly related to
the IPO fees of $277,000 which includes NASDAQ listing fees, NASDAQ market fees, public relations, travel costs and printing expense.
Additional stock based compensation increased $20,000, increase in salaries and related payroll expenses of $31,000 as we added
head counts to the management team as well as target companies acquired and interest expense of $10,000. 

The increase in professional and consulting
expenses of approximately $181,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015. Is mainly related
to the following: accounting and auditing related expenses of $158,000, Legal fees of $42,000 mainly due to the acquisition of
Target Assets, target companies and the evaluation of other acquisition opportunities. Offset by a decrease of market research
cost of $19,000. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 to
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015  

Shogun   

The tables below summarize Shogun s results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The following table presents Shogun s
operating results as a percentage of revenue: 

The increase in net revenues of approximately
$26,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015 resulted from increased volumes in sponsorship
revenue of approximately $16,000, ticket sales of approximately $8,000, and food and beverage sales of approximately $2,000.The
increase of cost of sales of approximately $16,000 was due to the offset costs relating to the increase of revenue. 

The increase in operating expenses of approximately
$3,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was attributable primarily to legal and
accounting expenses incurred in connection with the contemplated sale of the Shogun business to Alliance. 

78   

CageTix   

The tables below summarize CageTix s results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

The following table presents CageTix s operating results
as a percentage of revenue: 

Net revenue for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased by more than approximately $51,000, while net income increased by approximately $44,000. This
increase reflects the expansion of ticket sales to combat sporting venues outside of mixed martial arts. Alliance anticipates
that the expansion of the CageTix ticketing platform into these and other venues will continue following the proposed
acquisition. 

The increase in operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 resulted from an
increases in advertising and marketing expenses totaling approximately $3,000 and professional fees of $2,000. 

CFFC   

The tables below summarize CFFC s results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

79   

The following table presents CFFC s operating results
as a percentage of revenue: 

CFFC s revenues for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 decreased by approximately $154,000, and gross profit decreased by approximately $103,000, over the same
period in 2015. These variances resulted from a decrease in ticket sales and sponsorship rvenue. 

The decrease in operating expenses was attributable to accounting expenses of $7,500 incurred in connection
with the contemplated sale of the CFFC to Alliance. 

GFL   

The tables below summarize GFL s results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

80   

The following table presents GFL s operating results as
a percentage of revenue: 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, revenue decreased by $76,000, over the nine months ended June 30, 2015. This decrease was the result of the expiration of
GFL s overseas licensing deal and lower broadcast revenue from its promotions. To counter this loss, GFL sought out alternative
revenue streams from non-MMA promotional events such as boxing, jiu jitsu, and lacrosse. GFL offered these newer services at slightly
reduced rates, which resulted in a decline in profit margins. 

Operating expenses remained relatively flat for the Nine months ended September 30, 2016, with the
exception of accounting expenses incurred in connection with the contemplated merger of GFL with a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Alliance in 2015. 

HFC   

The tables below summarize HFC s results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

81   

The following table presents HFC s operating results as
a percentage of revenue: 

HFC s revenues increased approximately
$65,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015. This growth was the result of holding one more
event in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, resulting in ticket sale increases of approximately
$57,000 and sponsorship fee increases of approximately $8,000. While net revenue increased, HFC s gross profit margin suffered
slightly due to higher fighter expenses and venue production fees. 

Operating expenses for the period, with
the exception of accounting expenses incurred in connection with the contemplated sale of the HFC business to Alliance, were relatively
flat. 

COGA   

The tables below summarize COGA s results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

82   

The following table presents COGA s
operating results as a percentage of revenue: 

During the periods covered by the financial
statements presented, COGA has only held four events verses six events for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in 2015. Due to scheduling conflicts at COGA s main venue, this event was not held and is the primary reason
for the large decrease in revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

Operating expenses decreased primarily
for the decrease in officer salary. 

V3 Fights  

Based in Memphis, Tennessee, V3 Fights was founded in 2009
and has promoted 45 events primarily at event centers in Memphis, Tennessee and elsewhere in Tennessee, Mississippi and Alabama.
V3 typically holds between 8-10 events per year.  

The tables below summarize V3 s results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

83   

The following table presents V3 s operating results as
a percentage of revenue: 

The decrease in revenue
of approximately $31,000, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015, is directly related 2
less events in the period and less ticket sales. 

The decrease in operating expenses for the period compared to 2015 were the result of promoting one
less event and by a decrease in accounting expenses in connection with the contemplated sale of the V3 business to
Alliance in 2015. 

Alliance MMA  

Alliance was formed on February 12, 2015 for the purposes of
identifying and acquiring businesses that promote or support mixed martial art events and programming. 

The tables below summarize Alliance s results of operations
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Net revenue is zero for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, thus, revenue cost of revenues and operating expenses as a percentage of revenue are not applicable.  

The increase in general and administrative
expenses of approximately $374,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015. Mainly related to
the IPO fees of $304,000 which includes NASDAQ listing fees, NASDAQ market fees, public relations, travel costs and printing expense.
Additional stock based compensation increased $20,000, increase in salaries and related payroll expenses of $31,000 as we added
head counts to the management team as well as target companies acquired and interest expense of $19,000. 

The increase in professional and consulting
expenses of approximately $237,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in 2015. Is mainly related
to the following: accounting and auditing related expenses of $266,000, Legal fees of $4,000 mainly due to the acquisition of
Target Assets, target companies and the evaluation of other acquisition opportunities. Offset by a decrease of market research
cost of $33,000. 

84   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our primary source of cash has been from the issuance
of stock primarily in conjunction with our IPO completed on September 30, 2016 and advances under our note payable  
related party. 

As of September 30, 2016, our cash balance was
approximately $5.1 million, which consists primarily of cash on deposit with banks. Our principal use of cash is to continue
to acquire successful regional promotions to expand our MMA fan base, pay for operating expenses, and acquire capital assets.
As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $1.2 million.  

We intend to finance our business operations using the proceeds
of the IPO, cash on hand and cash provided by our operating activities. While the operations of Alliance and the Target Companies
in 2014, 2015, and the nine months of 2016, respectively, were a slight loss, our expenses will increase more quickly than our
revenues as we execute our business plan to acquire additional regional MMA promotion companies, increase our marketing expenditures
and hire additional employees and build infrastructure. If we begin to operate at a material loss, it will be necessary to fund
that loss out of cash on hand, consisting primarily of the net proceeds of the IPO. 

Operating Activities   

Cash used in operating activities was
$864,218 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, relate to the net loss of $819,352. 

Cash used in operating activities was $201,200 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 primarily relate to the net loss of $208,460. 

Investing Activities   

Cash used in investing activities was $1,391,736 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, related to the acquisition of the Target Companies and Target Assets. There was no investing activities
for 2015. 

Financing Activities   

Cash provided by financing activities was $7,378,830 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily related to our IPO which provided $7,732,280 offset by the repayment of our Note
Payable   Related Party of $353,450, net . 

Cash provided by financing activities was $201,200 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily
related to proceeds from our Note Payable   Related Party of $195,911 and issuance of founders shares of $5,289. 

85   

Contractual Obligations  

Our principal contractual commitments consist of
obligations under operating leases for office facilities and amount due to Louis Neglia. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K, as of September 30, 2016. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

During the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, there were no significant changes in our critical accounting policies. See Note 2  
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional detail.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

See Note 2  
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for
a full description of recent accounting pronouncements including the respective expected dates of adoption.  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

For a discussion of the Company s market risk, see ITEM
7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in the S-1/A.    

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Attached as exhibits to this Form 10-Q are certifications of
Alliance MMA, Inc. s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are required in accordance with Rule 13a-14
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). This  Controls and Procedures 
section includes information concerning the controls and controls evaluation referred to in the certifications and it should be
read in conjunction with the certifications, for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q does not include a report
of management's assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the company's registered
public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for newly public
companies. 

As we are an emerging growth company and a newly-public company
with no material operating history prior to the completion of our initial public offering on September 30, 2016, we have only recently
commenced implementing  disclosure controls and procedures  ( Disclosure Controls ), as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.  

There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any
system of disclosure controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide
reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our Disclosure
Controls as of September 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The Disclosure Controls
evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, due
to our limited financial and manpower resources, our Disclosure Controls were not effective as of September 30, 2016, such that
the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 
 
Management is in the process of determining how best to implement an effective system to insure that information required to be
disclosed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and subsequent filings to be submitted under the Exchange Act will be recorded,
processed, summarized and reported accurately. Our management intends to develop procedures to address these issues to the extent
possible given the limitations in our financial and manpower resources. No assurance can be made the implementation of these controls
and procedures will be completed in a timely manner or that such controls or procedures will be adequate once implemented. 

Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

In addition, other than the items noted above, there has been no change in Alliance MMA, Inc. s
internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), during Alliance MMA, Inc. s
most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Alliance MMA, Inc. s internal
control over financial reporting.    

86   

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

In the normal course of business or otherwise, we may become
involved in legal proceedings. We will accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred
and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When only a range of possible loss can be established, the most probable amount in
the range is accrued. If no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount within the range, the minimum
amount in the range is accrued. The accrual for a litigation loss contingency might include, for example, estimates of potential
damages, outside legal fees and other directly related costs expected to be incurred. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

There have been no material changes to the Risk Factors as disclosed
in the Company s amended Registration statement filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on August 30, 2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds  

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

None. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

87   

Item 6. Exhibits.  

*  Filed Herewith 

(1)  The certifications on Exhibit 32 hereto are deemed not
 filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. Such
certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

88   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

ALLIANCE MMA, INC   

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
      /s/ Paul Danner   

Name:    
      Paul Danner   

Title:  
      Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)   

By:  
      /s/ John Price   

Name:    
      John Price   

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

89   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451513_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION  

I, Paul Danner, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Alliance MMA, Inc.;  

2.    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;  

4.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)):  

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

c)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
       /s/  Paul Danner    

Paul Danner   

Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451513_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION  

I, John Price, certify that: 

1.    I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of Alliance MMA, Inc.;  

2.    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

3.    Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report;  

4.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)):  

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

c)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
       /s/  John Price    

John Price   

Principal Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451513_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

Section 1350 CERTIFICATION  

In connection with this Quarterly Report of  Alliance MMA,
Inc. (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Paul Danner, Principal Executive Officer of the
Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
       /s/  Paul Danner    

Paul Danner   

Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451513_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

Section 1350 CERTIFICATION  

In connection with this Quarterly Report of Alliance MMA,
Inc. (the  Company ), on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John Price, Principal Accounting Officer of
the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
       /s/  John Price    

John Price   

Principal Financial Officer   

(Principal Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32.2>

