<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1110607_0001683168-16-000619_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1470771</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>56997</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>110047</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>310081</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>538725</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>413546</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-16-000619.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114141331
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-16-000619
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Deep Down, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001110607
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		IRS NUMBER:				752263732
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30351
		FILM NUMBER:		161993581

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8827 W. SAM HOUSTON PKWY N
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77040
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 517-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8827 W. SAM HOUSTON PKWY N
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77040

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MediQuip Holdings, INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060501

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRUE HEALTH INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000329

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-16-000619.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 deep_10q-093016.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

Commission File No. 0-30351  

DEEP DOWN, INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)  

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  (281) 517-5000  

Not applicable 

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.          Yes  
    No       

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes      
   No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer        
      Accelerated filer        

Non-accelerated filer         
      Smaller reporting company         

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes    
No       

At November
10, 2016, there were 15,493,360  shares of Common Stock outstanding, par value $0.001 per share .  

IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THIS
FORM 10-Q  

Unless otherwise indicated, references
to  we,   us,  and  our  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Report ) refer
collectively to Deep Down, Inc., a Nevada corporation ( Deep Down ), and its directly and indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

Deep Down is the parent company to the
following directly and indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries: Deep Down, Inc., a Delaware corporation ( Deep Down Delaware );
Deep Down International Holdings, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company ( DDIH ), and Deep Down Brasil - Solucoes
em Petroleo e Gas, Ltda, a Brazilian limited liability company ( Deep Down Brasil ). 

Our current operations are primarily conducted
under Deep Down Delaware. In addition to our strategy of continuing to grow and strengthen our operations, including
by expanding our services and products in response to our customers  demands, we intend to continue to seek strategic acquisitions
of complementary service providers, product manufacturers and technologies that are focused primarily on supporting deepwater and
ultra-deepwater offshore exploration, development and production of oil and gas reserves and other maritime operations. 

Readers should consider the following information
as they review this Report: 

Forward-Looking Statements  

The statements contained or
incorporated by reference in this Report that are not historical facts are  forward-looking statements  (as such
term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995), within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ). All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking
statements.  Forward-looking statements include any statement that may project, indicate or imply future results,
events, performance or achievements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on current expectations that
involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as  believes,   expect,   may,   will,   should, 
 intend,   plan,   could,   estimate  or  anticipate,  or the
negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and
uncertainties. 

Given the risks and uncertainties relating
to forward-looking statements, investors should not place undue reliance on such statements. Forward-looking statements
included in this Report speak only as of the date of this Report and are not guarantees of future performance. Although
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, such expectations may prove to be
incorrect.  All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf,
are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. The risks and uncertainties mentioned previously relate
to, among other matters, the following: 

Economic uncertainty and financial market conditions may impact our customer base, suppliers and
backlog;   

Our backlog is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations and, therefore, may not be a
reliable indicator of our future earnings;   

Our volume of fixed-price contracts and use of percentage-of-completion accounting could result
in volatility in our results of operations;   

A portion of our contracts contain terms with penalty provisions;   

Fluctuations in the price and supply of raw materials used to manufacture our products may reduce
our profits and could materially impact our ability to meet commitments to our customers;   

Our operations could be adversely impacted by the continuing effects of government regulations;   

International and political events may adversely affect our operations;   

Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter;   

We may be unsuccessful at generating profitable internal growth;   

The departure of key personnel could disrupt our business; and   

Our business requires skilled labor, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees.   

ii       

Document Summaries  

Descriptions of documents and agreements
contained in this Report are provided in summary form only, and such summaries are qualified in their entirety by reference to
the actual documents and agreements filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, other
periodic and current reports we have filed with the SEC or this Report. 

Access to Filings  

Access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments thereto, filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as reports filed electronically pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, may
be obtained through our website (http:// www.deepdowncinc.com)  as soon as reasonably practicable after we have filed or furnished
such material with the SEC. The contents of our website are not, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into this Report. 

iii       

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Page 
 No.   

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
      1   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements
        of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended 
         September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     2  

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements
        of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended 
         September 30, 2016 and 2015  
     3  

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
     4  
 
     Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     9  
 
     Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     12  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     13  
 
     Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     13  
 
     Item 6. 
     Exhibits 
     13  

Signatures 
       
     14  
 
     Exhibit Index 
     15  

iv       

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

  ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

DEEP DOWN, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

DEEP DOWN, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

DEEP DOWN, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Amounts in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

NOTE 1: BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying
unaudited  condensed  consolidated financial statements of Deep Down, Inc. and its directly and
indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries ( Deep Down,   we,   us  or the  Company )
were prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC  or the
 Commission ) pertaining to interim financial information and instructions to Form 10-Q.  As permitted under those
rules, certain footnotes or other financial information that are normally required by United States generally accepted accounting
principles ( GAAP ) can be condensed or omitted.  Therefore, these statements should be read in conjunction
with the audited consolidated financial statements, and footnotes thereto, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, filed on March 29, 2016 with the Commission.   

Preparation
of financial statements in conformity with  GAAP  requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosed amounts of contingent assets and liabilities and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses. If the underlying estimates and assumptions upon which the financial statements are
based change in future periods, then the actual amounts may differ from those included in the accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered
necessary for a fair presentation have been included.  

Certain previously reported amounts have
been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements presented herein include the accounts of Deep Down, Inc. and  its directly and indirectly
wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.  

Segments  

We operate one
principal deepwater oilfield services business, which provides many solutions to our customers. For the  nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, we only had one reporting segment, Deep Down Delaware. All of the services and products we provide
are interrelated, performed for the same general customers and marketed as such. 

In accordance with ASC Topic 280,
 Segment Reporting , operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information
is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision-maker ( CODM ) in deciding how to allocate
resources and in assessing performance. Our CODM primarily evaluates performance based on each project s gross margin and
net income. 

In
determining the reportable segment, we concluded that all  services and products  have
similar economic and other characteristics, including similar gross margin percentage, production processes, suppliers, regulatory
environments, customer type, and underlying demand and supply. Our services and products follow the same accounting policies and
are managed by our management team.  

Recently Issued Accounting Standards
Not Yet Adopted     

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ).
This update provides a five-step approach to be applied to all contracts with customers and requires expanded disclosures about
the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue (and the related cash flows) arising from customer contracts, significant
judgments and changes in judgments used in applying the revenue model and the assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or
fulfill a contract. The effective date for this standard was deferred in July 2015 and will now be effective for us beginning January
1, 2018. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method; we are evaluating the
effect that this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. We have not yet selected
a transition method nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting. 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No.
2014-15,  Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  ( ASU 2014-15 ).
ASU 2014-15 provides guidance on management s responsibility in evaluating whether there is substantial doubt about a company s
ability to continue as a going concern and about related footnote disclosures. For each reporting period, management will be required
to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as
a going concern within one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The amendments in ASU 2014-15 are effective
for us beginning January 1, 2017. We do not anticipate the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have a material effect on our financial
position or results of operations. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Amounts in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11,
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory   ( ASU 2015-11 ). ASU 2015-11 
requires in scope inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value rather than at the lower of cost or market
under existing guidance. The amendments in this ASU are effective  for us beginning January 1, 2017 .
We do not  anticipate the adoption of ASU   2015-11  will have
a material impact on our  financial position or results of operations . 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . The amendments in this update require, among other things, that lessees recognize the
following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (1) a lease liability, which is a
lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (2) a right-of-use asset,
which is an asset that represents the lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. Lessees
and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning
of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. The amendments are effective for us beginning January
1, 2019. We do not anticipate the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). Among other amendments,
ASU 2016-09 requires that excess tax benefits or deficiencies are recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement,
gives an entity the ability to elect to estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures as they
occur and permits withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rates as the threshold to qualify for equity classification. The
guidance will become effective for us beginning January 1, 2017.  We do not anticipate the adoption of
ASU 2014-15 will have a material effect on our financial position or results of operations.  

In October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-16,  Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory.  This update requires that income tax consequences
are recognized on an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs. The amendments in this ASU
are effective for us on January 1, 2018. Early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on
our consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 2: RESTATEMENT OF QUARTERLY INFORMATION  

In December 2014, at the request of a customer,
we delivered a carousel to the customer on a lease or purchase arrangement. We honored this request in order to support its requirement
for a critical umbilical project. At the completion of our customer s requirement, we were advised by the customer it was
not going to purchase the carousel, so we picked up the carousel and returned it to our facility. We then invoiced the customer
on a rental basis. 

The customer has declined to pay the invoices.
We are pursuing collection through arbitration. 

Under SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
101   Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements (SAB 101),  revenue should not be recognized until it is realized
or realizable and earned.  Also according to SAB 101, revenue generally is realized or realizable and earned when all of
the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered,
the seller's price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Based on the facts above and the guidelines
of SAB 101, we determined that the revenue in relation to this situation should not have been recognized in the six months ended
June 30, 2015. As a result, we have reversed the misstated revenue and related receivable from our unaudited consolidated financial
statements. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Amounts in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

The following table summarizes the impact
of the revenue reversal on our unaudited consolidated statement of operations: 

NOTE 3: INVENTORY  

The finished goods inventory balance of
$3,117 consists of a 3,500 MT portable umbilical carousel, which we fabricated and bought back from a customer in November 2013
and are currently holding for sale. 

NOTE 4:    BILLINGS,
COSTS AND ESTIMATED EARNINGS ON UNCOMPLETED CONTRACTS   

The components of billings, costs and estimated earnings on
uncompleted contracts are summarized below: 

The balance in costs and estimated earnings
in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of earned but unbilled revenues
related to fixed-price projects and time and material projects. 

The balance in billings in excess of costs
and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of unearned billings related
to fixed-price projects and time and material projects. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Amounts in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

NOTE 5: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  

The components of net property, plant and
equipment are summarized below: 

The reduction in our net property, plant and equipment was due
to the sale of our Channelview location in March 2016. 

NOTE 6: LONG-TERM DEBT   

Credit Facility   

From 2008 through June 30, 2016, we maintained
a credit facility (the  Facility ) with Whitney Bank.  The Facility was amended and restated several times, most
recently effective June 30, 2015 when we entered into the eighth amendment ( Eighth Amendment ). 

The relevant terms of the Eighth Amendment
included: 

an extension of the maturity date of the revolving credit facility ( Revolving Credit Facility )
to June 30, 2016;   

a modification of the interest rate with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility to 4.0 percent
per annum;   

a modification of certain financial covenants; and   

a requirement that we maintain a compensating balance of $3,900 in our existing interest-bearing
account at Whitney, to continue until such time as we have regained compliance with all of our covenants under the Facility for
two consecutive quarters commencing with the quarter ended June 30, 2015.   

Other terms of the Facility included: 

a real estate term facility ( RE Term Facility ) of $2,000, at an interest rate of
4.0 percent per annum, maturing April 15, 2018, with the Company being obligated to make monthly increasing repayments of principal
(along with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) at an amount of $9, beginning April 1, 2013, while there is any amount outstanding;   

a carousel term facility ( Carousel Term Facility ) of $2,200, at an interest rate
of 3.5 percent per annum, maturing October 15, 2016, with the Company being obligated to make monthly repayments of principal of
$65 (along with accrued and unpaid interest thereon) beginning July 1, 2014, while there is any amount outstanding; and   

outstanding balances under the Facility are secured by all of the Company s assets.   

In March 2016, we paid off the RE Term
Facility and the Carousel Term Facility with proceeds received from the sale of our Channelview location. 

Due to the expiration of our credit facility
on June 30, 2016, we no longer have the requirement of a compensating balance and the $3,900 is now available for use. As of September
30, 2016, we no longer have these credit facilities available to us. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Amounts in thousands, except per share
amounts)  

NOTE 7: SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION   

We have a share-based compensation plan,
the  2003 Directors, Officers and Consultants Stock Option, Stock Warrant and Stock Award Plan  (the  Plan ).
Awards of common stock and options to purchase common stock granted under the Plan have vesting periods of three years and options
are exercisable for two years once fully vested. Share-based compensation expense related to awards is based on the fair value
at the date of grant, and is recognized over the requisite expected service period, net of estimated forfeitures. Under the Plan,
the maximum number of shares issued pursuant to options is 15 percent of issued and outstanding common shares. 

Summary of Nonvested Shares of Restricted
Stock   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, we recognized a total of $309 and $382, respectively, of share-based compensation expense related to restricted
stock awards, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
statements of operations. The unamortized value of nonvested shares of restricted stock awards was $174 at September 30, 2016.
These costs are expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted average period of 0.94 years. 

NOTE 8: TREASURY STOCK  

On May 23, 2016, our Board of Directors
authorized a repurchase program (the  Repurchase Program ) under which we may repurchase up to $1,000 of our outstanding
stock. The purchases may be made from time to time in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions and Rule 10b5-1
trading plans in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. The Repurchase Program will be funded from cash on hand
and cash provided by operating activities. The Repurchase Program will expire as of the close of business on March 31, 2017. As
of September 30, 2016, we have purchased approximately 312 shares at a total cost of $305 under this Repurchase Program. The average
price per share of treasury stock through September 30, 2016 has been $0.98. Treasury shares are accounted for using the cost method. 

NOTE 9: INCOME TAXES  

Income tax expense during interim periods
is based on applying the estimated annual effective income tax rate to interim period operations. The estimated annual effective
income tax rate may vary from the statutory rate due to the impact of permanent items relative to our pre-tax income, as well as
by any valuation allowance recorded.  We employ an asset and liability approach that results in the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial basis and the
tax basis of those assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established when it is more likely than not that some of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized.  Although our future projections indicate that we may be able to realize some
of these deferred tax assets, due to the degree of uncertainty of these projections, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
management has recorded a full deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 

NOTE 10:    COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES  

Litigation  

From time to time we are involved in legal
proceedings arising from the normal course of business. As of the date of this Report, we are engaged in one material legal dispute,
arising from the non-payment of equipment rental and services by one of our customers. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements in Part II. Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Operating Leases  

We lease certain offices, facilities, equipment
and vehicles under non-cancellable operating and capital leases expiring at various dates through 2023. 

Letters of Credit   

Certain of our customers could require
us to issue a standby letter of credit ( LC ) in the ordinary course of business to ensure performance under terms
of a contract or as a form of product warranty. The beneficiary could demand payment from the issuing bank for the amount of the
outstanding letter of credit. There was $0 in LC s outstanding at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

NOTE 11: EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE   

Basic earnings per share ( EPS )
is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Fully diluted
EPS is calculated by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents
(warrants, stock awards and stock options) outstanding during the period. Fully diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that
could occur if options to purchase common stock were exercised for shares of common stock. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were
no potentially dilutive securities outstanding. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion and analysis provides
information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial
condition. This information should be read in conjunction with our audited historical consolidated financial statements, which
are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on March 29, 2016 and our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and notes thereto, included with
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ( Report ) in Part I. Item 1.  Financial Statements.  

General  

We are an oilfield services company specializing
in complex deepwater and ultra-deepwater oil production distribution system support services, serving the worldwide offshore exploration
and production industry. Our services and technological solutions include distribution system installation support and engineering
services, umbilical terminations, loose-tube steel flying leads, buoyancy products and services, remotely operated vehicles ( ROVs )
and toolings. We support subsea engineering, installation, commissioning, and maintenance projects through specialized, highly
experienced service teams and engineered technological solutions. Our primary focus is on more complex deepwater and ultra-deepwater
oil production distribution system support services and technologies, used between the platform and the wellhead. 

In Part I. Item 2.  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  all dollar and share amounts are in thousands
of dollars and shares, unless otherwise indicated. 

Industry and Executive Outlook   

More than two years following significant
decreases in oil prices, the industry has adjusted to the new normal of lower prices. While there is increasing talk of the inevitable
rebound, the prevailing theme in the industry continues to be the pursuit of smarter and more cost-effective solutions. As companies
adapt to reduced workforce levels, the industry is transitioning towards focusing on the total cost of a project, rather than simply
pushing for reduced prices. 

This transition is providing unique opportunities
for us, as we are increasingly being invited to assist our traditional and new customers think through their project execution
strategies. We are also pursuing multiple opportunities where we seek to leverage our core technologies in non-traditional areas
of the energy industry, as well as providing innovative solutions for emerging segments of the oil industry. 

Our backlog continues to be dominated by
major operators, who are focusing on both developing new offshore fields, as well as modifying and upgrading existing oilfields.
While we have seen a reduction in our backlog from recent historic highs, our cost rationalization efforts continue to bear fruit,
resulting in as strong a balance sheet as we have ever had. 

We intend to continue adjusting our operations
to best serve our customers  needs. 

Results of Operations   

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016
Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Revenues.  Revenues for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 were $9,165 compared to revenues of $6,147 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The $3,018,
or 49 percent, increase is due to the commencement of procurement and manufacturing activities on certain customer orders that
were delayed in prior quarters. 

Gross profit.  Gross profit for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $3,297, or 36 percent of revenues compared to $1,916, or 31 percent of
revenues, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The $1,381, and 5 percent increases in gross profit and gross profit
percentage, respectively, are due primarily to increased costs incurred on prolonged fixed-price projects for a large
customer that impacted our gross profit and gross profit percentage for the three months ended September 30, 2015, which did
not occur during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses ( SG A ) for the three months ended September 30, 2016
were $2,210 compared to $2,465 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The $255 decrease in SG A is primarily due to
$134 in cost savings related to the sale of our Channelview location in the first quarter of 2016, as well as a $126 bad debt expense
recorded in the third quarter 2015 compared to $0 in the third quarter 2016. 

Modified EBITDA . Our management
evaluates our performance based on a non-GAAP measure which consists of earnings (net income or loss) available to common shareholders
before net interest expense, income taxes, non-cash share-based compensation expense, non-cash impairments, depreciation and amortization,
other non-cash items and one-time charges ( Modified EBITDA ).  This measure may not be comparable to similarly
titled measures employed by other companies and is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP. The measure
should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income or loss, net income or loss, cash flows provided
by operating, investing or financing activities, or other cash flow data prepared in accordance with GAAP. The amounts included
in the Modified EBITDA calculation, however, are derived from amounts included in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
statements of operations. 

We believe Modified EBITDA is useful to
investors in evaluating our operating performance because it is widely used to measure a company s operating performance,
which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets, financing methods,
capital structure and the method by which assets were acquired. It helps investors more meaningfully evaluate and compare the results
of our operations from period to period by removing the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest); asset base (primarily
depreciation and amortization); actions that do not affect liquidity (share-based compensation expense, equity in net income or
loss of joint venture) from our operating results and it helps investors identify items that are within our operational control.
Depreciation and amortization charges, while a component of operating income, are fixed at the time of the asset purchase or acquisition
in accordance with the depreciable lives of the related asset and as such, are not a directly controllable period operating charge. 

The following is a reconciliation of net
income (loss) to Modified EBITDA (EBITDA loss) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Modified EBITDA for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $1,492 compared to Modified EBITDA loss of $(9) for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The $1,501
increase in Modified EBITDA was due primarily to the $1,381 increase in gross profit realized in the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase is a result of reasons discussed previously. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Revenues.  Revenues for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 were $19,489 compared to $18,516 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $1,333 increase
is primarily due to the receipt of orders that were delayed in 2015 and the commencement of production activities on those orders
in 2016. 

Gross Profit.  Gross profit for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $6,672, or 34 percent of revenues, compared to $5,152 or 28 percent of revenues
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $1,520 increase in gross profit, as well as the increase in gross profit
percentage, is a result of approximately $1,000 in costs incurred, during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, on a
project whose revenues were not recognized due to a contractual dispute. The remaining increase is primarily due to our
increased revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 2015. 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses.  Selling, general and administrative expenses ( SG A ) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
were $7,376 compared to $6,895 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase is primarily due to a $253 increase
in legal expenses related to fees incurred in order to protect our intellectual property, corporate integrity and human resource
policies, as well as an increase of $166 in outside services. The increase in outside services is related to work done to
improve our Beaumont Hwy location and non-legal service fees associated with efforts to collect a previously written off receivable. 

Other income (expense).  We recognized
other income of $1,019 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to other expense of $(85) during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The 2016 period includes gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment of $1,070 related to the sale of
our Channelview location.   During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized a $149 decrease in interest expense
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due to the pay off of our credit facility during the 2016 period. 

Modified EBITDA . As noted
above, our management evaluates our performance based on Modified EBITDA. This measure may not be comparable to
similarly titled measures employed by other companies and is not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with GAAP.
The measure should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for operating income or loss, net income or loss, cash
flows provided by operating, investing or financing activities, or other cash flow data prepared in accordance with GAAP. The
amounts included in the Modified EBITDA calculation, however, are derived from amounts included in the accompanying condensed
consolidated statements of operations. 

The following is a reconciliation of net
loss to Modified EBITDA (EBITDA loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

Modified EBITDA for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $587 compared to Modified EBITDA loss of $(107) for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
$694 increase in Modified EBITDA was due to increased revenues, offset by the increase in SG A expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Overview  

Historically, we have supplemented the
financing of our capital needs through debt and equity financings. With the expiration of our credit facility, we currently plan
to finance capital needs with existing cash on hand, cash generated from operations and equity financings. 

Credit Facility   

From 2008 through June 30, 2016, we maintained
a credit facility (the  Facility ) with Whitney Bank.  

In March 2016, we paid all borrowings under
the Facility with proceeds received from the sale of our Channelview location. 

Due to the expiration of the Facility on June 30, 2016, we no
longer have the requirement of a compensating balance and the $3,900 is now available for use. As of September 30, 2016, we no
longer have the Facility available to us. 

Inflation and Seasonality  

We do not believe that our operations are
significantly impacted by inflation.  Our business is not significantly seasonal in nature. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Estimates  

The discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited  condensed  consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation
of these financial statements in accordance with US GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that may affect assets and
liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition and related allowances,
costs and estimated earnings incurred in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts, impairments of long-lived assets, including
intangibles, income taxes including the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, billings in excess of costs and estimated
earnings on uncompleted contracts, contingencies and litigation, and share-based payments. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. 

Refer to Part II. Item 7  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015 for a discussion of our Critical Accounting Policies. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards
Not Yet Adopted  

Except as set forth in Note 1 to our unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements, management has not yet assessed whether recently issued accounting standards, which are not yet effective,
will have a material impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures .   The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that such information
required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, as amended, is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. The Company s disclosure controls
and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal
executive and the principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. There are
inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human
error and the circumvention or overriding of controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures
can only provide reasonable assurance that control objectives are attained. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to provide such reasonable assurance .  

The Company s management, with the
participation of the principal executive and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation
of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, as required by Rule 13a-15(e) of
the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the principal executive and the principal financial officer have concluded that the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

Management s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting.     The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the
Exchange Act. Although the internal controls over financial reporting were not audited, the Company s management, including
the principal executive and principal financial officer, assessed the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting
as of  September 30 , 2016, based on criteria issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) entitled     Internal Control-Integrated Framework.   Upon
evaluation, the Company s management has concluded that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were
effective as of  September 30 , 201 6. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting.    The Company s management, with the participation of the principal executive and principal
financial officer, have concluded that changes were necessary in internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter
ended March 31, 2016 as a result of the following material weakness in internal control as of December 31, 2015. 

During the audit of our financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2015, we identified a control deficiency related to revenue recognition. We concluded that the
Company's processes, procedures and internal controls were not effective to ensure that amounts recognized as revenue would be
accounted for in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101  
Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements (SAB 101). 

Specifically, we determined that there
was revenue, related to a disputed contract, recorded prematurely during the first and second quarters of 2015. 

We established this deficiency resulted
from the lack of clear communication between the Company and its customer prior to the delivery of a carousel to the customer,
along with insufficient evidence that the Company and its customer had reached an agreement. 

Because this control deficiency caused
material misstatements to our unaudited financial statement filings in our quarterly reports in 2015, we have implemented the following
internal controls and procedures over our revenue recognition during the first quarter of 2016 to remedy the material weakness: 

Management reviews all contracts and invoices
to ensure that: 

The work being done has been clearly approved by both the Company and its customer and evidence
to that effect has been obtained; and   

Effective communication with accounting personnel during the billing process to ensure proper invoicing
to the customer.   

PART II.   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS   

From time to time we are involved in legal
proceedings arising from the normal course of business. As of the date of this Report, we are engaged in one material legal dispute,
arising from the non-payment of equipment rental and services by one of our customers. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

The table below summarizes information
about our purchases of common stock, based on trade date, during the quarter ended September 30, 2016: 

ISSUER PURCHASES
OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(1) 
     On May 23, 2016, we announced our Board of Directors authorized a repurchase program (the  Repurchase Program ) under
which we may repurchase up to $1,000,000 of our outstanding stock. The Repurchase Program will expire as of the close of business
on March 31, 2017.  

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   

Information required by this item is incorporated herein by
reference from the section entitled  Index of Exhibits  of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 30, 2016. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DEEP DOWN, INC.                                                                    

(Registrant)   
 
      Date: November 14, 2016  

By:
     /s/ Ronald E. Smith                                                             

Ronald E. Smith   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

By:
     /s/ Eugene L. Butler                                                            

Eugene L. Butler   

Executive Chairman and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

32*  Certification of Ronald E. Smith,  President and Chief Executive Officer
and Eugene L. Butler, Chief Financial Officer, furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .   

101.SCH*  XBRL Schema Document                                                                                                                                

101.CAL*  XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF*  XBRL
Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB *   XBRL
Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE *   XBRL
Presentation Linkbase Document  

______________________________ 

 * Filed or furnished herewith. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 deep_10q-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION   

I, Ronald E. Smith, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Deep Down, Inc.  (the  registrant )
 for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016;                                                                      

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
    any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
    the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
    report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
    other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
    of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant's other certifying officer and I are
    responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
    and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
    the registrant and have:  

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;                      

b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)  Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and  

d)   Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)  Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.  

Date:  
     November 14, 2016  

/s/ Ronald E. Smith                                
 
     Name: 
     Ronald E. Smith  
 
     Title: 
     President and Chief Executive
Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 deep_10q-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION   

I,  Eugene L. Butler ,
certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Deep Down, Inc.  (the  registrant )
 for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016;                                                                      

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
    any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
    the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
    report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
    other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
    of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant's other certifying officer and I are
    responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
    and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
    the registrant and have:  

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;                      

b)    Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)  Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and  

d)   Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most
recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

b)  Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.  

Date:  
     November 14, 2016  

/s/ Eugene
L. Butler                                
 
     Name: 
     Eugene L. Butler  
 
     Title: 
     Executive Chairman and Chief
Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal
Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 deep_10q-ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of Deep Down, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Ronald E. Smith,  President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Eugene L. Butler, Executive Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, hereby  certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of Deep Down.   

Date:  
     November 14, 2016  

/s/ Ronald E. Smith                                
 
     Name: 
     Ronald E. Smith  
 
     Title: 
     President and Chief Executive
Officer  

/s/ Eugene
L. Butler                                
 
     Name: 
     Eugene L. Butler  
 
     Title: 
     Executive Chairman and Chief
Financial Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 dpdw-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dpdw-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dpdw-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dpdw-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dpdw-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dpdw-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

