<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1004673_0001144204-16-133815_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7134174</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116731</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>373648</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1943394</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3341801</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1218756</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>79</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133815.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114102652
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133815
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001004673
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES [3990]
		IRS NUMBER:				911696010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32161
		FILM NUMBER:		161991750

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT C1, GROUND FLOOR, KOON WAH BUILDING
		STREET 2:		NO. 2 YUEN SHUN CIRCUIT,
		CITY:			YUEN CHAU KOK, SHATIN
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			000000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-867-0848

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 E. CHICAGO AVENUE, #186
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611-2026

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Elixir Gaming Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070918

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VENDINGDATA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000727

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CVI TECHNOLOGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000508

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133815.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452037_10q.htm
 10-Q

FORM 10-Q  

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30,
2016  

OR  

For the transition period from             to
            .  

Commission file number: 001-32161  

Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Nevada   
       
       91-1696010    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
 incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification no.)   

37/F, The Centrium  

  60 Wyndham Street  

  Central, Hong Kong SAR  

 (Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code) 

+ 852-3147-6600  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    x 
  No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    x 
  No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Act): 

Large accelerated filer       
       
      Accelerated filer        

Non-accelerated filer    x   
       
      Smaller reporting company        
 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes      
  No   x  

As of November 1, 2016, 14,464,220
shares of common stock of Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. were outstanding. 

Page    

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.   
        Financial Statements    
      3   

Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss/Income   
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
     5  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
     6  

Item 2.   
        Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
      23   

Overview   
      23   

Results of Operations   
      25   

Liquidity and Capital Resources   
      31   

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
      32   

Item 3.   
        Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    
      34   

Item 4.   
        Controls and Procedures    
      34   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 6.   
        Exhibits    
      35   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
         Financial Statements    

ENTERTAINMENT GAMING ASIA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Consolidated Balance Sheets  

  (amounts in thousands, except per share
data)  

The notes to consolidated financial statements
are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

ENTERTAINMENT GAMING ASIA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Loss/Income  

  (amounts in thousands, except per share
data)  

  (Unaudited)  

The notes to consolidated financial statements
are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

ENTERTAINMENT GAMING ASIA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (amounts in thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

The notes to consolidated financial statements
are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

ENTERTAINMENT GAMING ASIA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

Note 1.   
       Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies    

The current business activities of the
Company entail: (i) the owning and leasing of electronic gaming machines (EGMs) placed in resorts, hotels and other venues in Cambodia
and the Philippines on a participation or revenue-sharing basis with venue owners; and (ii) the development of a social gaming
platform designed for the Pan-Asian market. 

During the reported periods, the Company
also operated in the gaming products business, which entailed the design, manufacture and distribution of gaming chips and plaques
as well as the distribution of third-party gaming products. On May 11, 2016, the Company sold the principal assets of these operations
and has exited this business. All related historical revenues and expenses for these operations have been reclassified as discontinued
operations. The accounting policies of these discontinued operations are consistent with the Company s policies for the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.   

Basis of Presentation   

These consolidated financial statements
are prepared pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States for interim financial information and with
the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 8-03 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC )
and reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments and other adjustments, which management believes are necessary
to fairly present the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company, for the respective periods presented.
The results of operations for an interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other
interim period or the year as a whole. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 

The Company effected a 1-for-4 reverse
stock split of its common shares as of February 26, 2015. All historical share amounts and share price information presented in
the financial statements and notes have been proportionally adjusted to reflect the impact of this reverse stock split, including
but not limited to basic and diluted weighted-average shares issued and outstanding. 

Principles of Consolidation   

These consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. and all its subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates   

The Company is required to make estimates,
judgments and assumptions that it believes are reasonable based on its historical experience, contract terms, observance of known
trends in the Company and the industry as a whole, and information available from other outside sources. These estimates affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On
a regular basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, product returns, long-lived
assets, inventory obsolescence, stock-based compensation, income taxes, bad debts, warranty obligations, long-term contracts, contingencies
and litigation. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

Discontinued Operations   

A discontinued operation is a component
of an entity (or group of components) that either has been disposed of, or that is classified as held for sale, and represents
a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results. 

Non-current assets held for discontinued
operations are carried at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Any gain or loss from disposal of a business,
together with the results of these operations until the date of disposal, is reported separately as discontinued operations. The
financial information of discontinued operations is excluded from the respective captions in the Company s consolidated statements
of comprehensive loss/income and related notes for all periods presented. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

All highly-liquid instruments with original
maturities of three months or less are considered cash equivalents. The Company places its cash and temporary investments with
financial institutions. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had deposits with financial institutions in excess of Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insured limits by approximately $34.8 million. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts   

Accounts receivable are stated at face
value less any allowances for doubtful accounts. Allowances for doubtful accounts are maintained at levels determined by Company
management to adequately provide for uncollectible amounts. In determining the estimated uncollectable amounts, the Company evaluates
a combination of factors, including, but not limited to, activity in the related market, financial condition of customers, specific
customer collection experience and history of write-offs and collections. Interest income is imposed on overdue accounts receivable
after the Company evaluates a combination of factors, including but not limited to, customer collection experiences, customer relationship
and contract terms. Accounts receivable balances are written off after all collection efforts have been exhausted. 

Inventories   

Inventories are stated at the lower of
cost, determined using the first-in, first-out method, or market. Cost elements included in work-in-process and finished goods
include raw materials, direct labor and manufacturing overheads. Inventories did not include lower of cost or market (LCM) write-downs
as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Long-Lived Assets   

The Company accounts for impairment of
long-lived assets in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification or ASC, ASC
360,  Property, Plant and Equipment . Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In such instances, the Company estimates the undiscounted
future cash flows that result from the use of the asset and its ultimate disposition. If the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
is less than the carrying value, the Company recognizes an impairment loss, measured as the amount by which the carrying value
exceeds the fair value of the asset, determined principally using discounted cash flows. Impairment charges for long-lived assets
of approximately $NIL and $1.3 million were included in the net loss/income from discontinued operations in the consolidated statements
of comprehensive loss/income for three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016. There were no impairment charges
for long-lived assets for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015. 

Prepaids, Deposits and Other Assets   

Prepaids, deposits and other assets consist
primarily of prepaid value-added taxes in foreign countries, prepayment to suppliers and other receivables, rental and utilities
and other deposits. 

Gaming Equipment   

Gaming equipment consists primarily of
EGMs and systems. Gaming equipment is stated at cost. The Company depreciates new EGMs and systems over a five-year useful life
and depreciates refurbished EGMs and systems over a three-year useful life once placed in service. Depreciation of gaming equipment
of approximately $111,000 and $586,000 and $870,000 and $1.9 million was included in cost of gaming operations in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss/income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment are stated at cost.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the useful lives of the assets currently estimated to be three to
ten years, which in the case of leasehold improvements, is limited to the life of the lease and throughout the renewal period as
long as renewal is reasonably assured. 

The Company capitalizes certain direct
and incremental costs related to the design and construction, project payroll, and applicable portions of interest incurred for
potential projects in property and equipment. 

Depreciation of property and equipment
of approximately $56,000 and $165,000 and $171,000 and $487,000 was included in the cost of gaming operations in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss/income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Including
Casino Contracts   

Intangible assets consist of patents, trademarks,
technical know-how, gaming operation agreement, casino contracts, internal-use software and goodwill. Intangible assets other
than goodwill are amortized on the straight-line basis over the period of time the asset is expected to contribute directly or
indirectly to future cash flows, which ranges from four to ten years. The straight-line amortization method is utilized because
the Company believes there is no more reliably determinable method of reflecting the pattern for which the economic benefits of
the intangible assets are consumed or otherwise used. 

The Company capitalizes certain costs
relating to software developed to solely meet the Company s internal requirements and for which there are no
substantive plans to market the software. These costs mainly include payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who are
directly associated with and who devote time to the internal-use software projects during the application development stage
until the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. The Company also capitalizes certain costs
related to the development of the social gaming application to be marketed. These costs
are capitalized once technological feasibility has been established. Costs incurred prior to the criteria met for
capitalization are expensed to research and development expenses as incurred. Management has committed the resources of
developing a social gaming application, and the social gaming application has reached a defined stage of development such
that the software could be used as intended. Such capitalized costs are amortized on the straight-line basis over the
estimated useful life of the related assets of four years. 

Amortization expenses related to casino
contracts were approximately $NIL and $608,000 and $528,000 and $1.8 million for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Amortization expenses related to other gaming related intangibles were approximately $NIL and
$63,000 and $96,000 and $189,000 for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These
amounts were accounted for as cost of gaming operations in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss/income. 

Amortization expenses related to internal-use
software were approximately $65,000 for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016. These amounts were accounted
for as cost of social gaming platform in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss/income. 

The Company measures and tests finite-lived
intangibles for impairment when there are indicators of impairment in accordance with ASC 360-10-05,  Property, Plant and Equipment . 

The Company measures and tests goodwill
for impairment, at least annually in accordance with ASC 350-10-05,  Intangibles   Goodwill and Other . 

Impairment testing for goodwill and other
intangibles requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, allocation of related goodwill, assignment of corporate
shared assets and liabilities to reporting units, estimated future cash flows and determinations of fair values. While the Company
believes its estimates of future revenues and future cash flows are reasonable, different assumptions could materially affect the
assessment of useful lives, recoverability and fair values. No impairment charges relating to intangible assets were recorded for
the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Litigation and Other Contingencies   

In the performance of its ordinary course
of business operations, the Company is subject to risks of various legal matters, litigation and claims of various types. The Company
has regular litigation reviews, including updates from corporate and outside counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition
or disclosure of these contingencies. See Note 16. 

ASC 450,  Contingencies,  requires
that liabilities for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and that the amount can be
reasonably estimated. Significant management judgment is required related to contingent liabilities and the outcome of litigation
because both are difficult to predict. For a contingency for which an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and which is significant,
the Company discloses the nature of the contingency and, when feasible, an estimate of the possible loss. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company recognizes revenue when all
of the following have been satisfied: 

Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;   

The price to the customer is fixed and determinable;   

Delivery has occurred and any acceptance terms have been fulfilled;   

No significant contractual obligations remain; and   

Collection is reasonably assured.   

Gaming Operations Revenue and Promotional Allowances  

The Company earns recurring gaming revenue from its gaming operations. 

For gaming operations, the Company earns
recurring revenue by providing customers with EGMs and casino management systems which track game performance and provide statistics
on installed EGMs owned by the Company and leased to venue owners. Revenues are recognized on the contractual terms of the EGM
agreements between the Company and the venue owners and are based on either: a fixed lease fee, which is applicable only for the
period of March 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016, or, the Company s share of net winnings and reimbursement of expenses, net
of customer incentives and commitment fees. 

Revenues are recognized as earned unless
collection is not reasonably assured, in which case revenues are recognized when the payment is received. All slot operations revenues
were recognized as earned during the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Commitment fees paid to the venue operators
relating to contract amendments which are not recoverable from daily net win are capitalized as assets and amortized as a reduction
of revenue over the term of the amended contracts. The Company had commitment fee balances related to contract amendments of $NIL
and approximately $18,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Gaming Products Sales  

For the discontinued gaming products business,
the Company recognized revenue from the sale of its gaming products and accessories to end users upon shipment against customer
contracts or purchase orders. In accordance with the criteria of ASC 605-45,  Reporting Revenue Gross as a Principal versus
Net as an Agent,  the Company recognized gross revenue when it acted as a principal, had discretion to choose suppliers and
establish selling price, assumed credit risk and provided the products or services required in the transaction. If the above criteria
were not met, in which the supplier was the primary obligor in the arrangement and bears the general inventory risk, the Company
recognized revenue net of related costs. The Company also recognized revenue for the maintenance services of gaming products on
the straight line basis over the contract term in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition .  

Stock-Based Compensation   

Under the fair value recognition provisions
of ASC 718,  Compensation-Stock Compensation , the Company recognizes stock-based compensation expenses for all service-based
awards to employees and non-employee directors with graded vesting schedules on a pro rata basis over the requisite service
period for the entire award. Estimates are revised if subsequent information indicates that forfeitures will differ from previous
estimates, and the cumulative effect on compensation cost of a change in the estimated forfeitures is recognized in the period
of the change. For non-employee awards, the Company remeasures compensation cost each period until the service condition is complete
and recognizes compensation cost on the straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Option valuation models require
the input of highly subjective assumptions, and changes in the assumptions used can materially affect the fair value estimates.
Judgment is required in estimating stock price volatility, forfeiture rates, expected dividends, and expected terms that options
remain outstanding. For restricted stock awards with performance conditions, the Company evaluates if performance conditions are
probable in each reporting period. The compensation expense of restricted awards is recognized ratably over the implicit service
period if achieving performance conditions is probable. Cumulative catch-up adjustments are required in the event of changes in
assessment of probability. See Note 12 for additional information relating to stock-based compensation assumptions. Stock-based
compensation expenses totaled approximately $40,000 and $17,000 and $61,000 and $67,000 for the three-month and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Research and Development   

Research and development expenses are expensed
as incurred. Employee-related costs associated with research and development and certain costs associated with the development
of the social gaming platform are included in research and development expenses.  Research and development expenses were approximately
$63,000 and $9,000 and $548,000 and $9,000 for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Leases   

Leases are classified at the inception
date as either a capital lease or an operating lease. A lease is a capital lease if any of the following conditions exists: 

Ownership is transferred to the lessee by the end of the lease term;   

There is a bargain purchase option;   

The lease term is at least 75% of the property s estimated remaining economic life; or   

The present value of the minimum lease payments at the beginning of the lease term is 90% or more of the fair value of the leased property to the lessor at the inception date.   

A capital lease is accounted for as if
there was an acquisition of an asset and an incurrence of an obligation at the inception of the lease. All other leases are accounted
for as operating leases wherein rental payments are expensed as incurred. The Company had no capital leases as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Income Taxes   

The Company is subject to income taxes
in the United States (including federal and state) and several foreign jurisdictions in which it operates. Deferred income tax
balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis
and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. ASC 740,  Income Taxes, 
requires that deferred tax assets be evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent the Company
believes a portion will not be realized. The Company considers many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization
of its deferred tax assets, including its recent cumulative earnings experience and expectations of future taxable income by taxing
jurisdiction, the carry-forward periods available to the Company for tax reporting purposes, and other relevant factors. 

The Company accounts for uncertain tax
positions in accordance with ASC 740, which contains a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions.
The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it
is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes,
if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate
settlement. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating its tax positions and tax benefits, which may require
periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. The Company recognizes interest and penalties, if
any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss/income. 

As of that date, the Company s deferred
taxes were reported in conformity with applicable income tax accounting standards described above, net of applicable valuation
allowances. Deferred tax assets and liabilities were recognized for differences between the assigned values and the tax basis of
the recognized assets and liabilities with corresponding valuation allowances as appropriate. 

(Loss)/Earnings per Share   

Basic (loss)/earnings per share are computed
by dividing the reported net (loss)/earnings by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock and
shares issuable from stock options and restricted shares during the period. The computation of diluted earnings per share excludes
the impact of stock options and restricted shares that are anti-dilutive. There was no difference in diluted loss per share from
basic loss per share for three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 as the assumed exercise of common stock equivalents
would have an anti-dilutive effect due to losses. 

Foreign Currency Translations and Transactions   

The functional currency of the Company s
international subsidiaries, except for its operations in Cambodia whose functional currency is also U.S. dollars, is generally
the local currency. For these subsidiaries, the Company translates the assets and liabilities at exchange rates in effect at the
balance sheet date and income and expense accounts at average exchange rates during the year. Resulting currency translation adjustments
are recorded directly to accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders  equity. Gains and losses resulting from
transactions in non-functional currencies are recorded in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss/income. 

Below is a summary of closing exchange
rates as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and average exchange rates for the three-month and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Fair Value Measurement   

Fair value is defined under ASC 820,  Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures , as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability
(an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value under ASC 820 must maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The standard establishes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of input,
of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable. 

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. These are typically obtained from real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets.   

Level 2   Input, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, which are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These are typically obtained from readily-available pricing sources for comparable instruments.   

Level 3   Unobservable input, where there is little or no market activity for the asset or liability. This input reflects the reporting entity s own assumptions of the data that participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, based on the best information available under the circumstances.   

As of September 30, 2016, the fair values
of financial assets and liabilities approximate carrying values due to their short maturities. 

Defined Benefit Pension Plan   

The Company provides pension benefits to
all regular full-time employees in the Philippines through a defined benefit plan. A defined benefit plan is a pension plan that
defines an amount of pension benefit that an employee will receive on retirement, usually dependent on one or more factors such
as age, years of service and salary. 

The defined benefit obligation is calculated
annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is
determined by discounting the estimated future cash outflows using interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated
in the currency in which the benefits will be paid and that have terms to maturity approximating to the terms of the related pension
liability. 

The accounting guidance related to employers 
accounting for defined benefit pension plan requires recognition in the balance sheet of the present value of the defined benefit
obligation at the reporting date, together with adjustments for unrecognized actuarial gains or losses and past service costs or
credits in other comprehensive income. 

There were no adjustments for unrecognized
actuarial gains or losses and past service costs or credits to equity through other comprehensive income for the three-month and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Asset Retirement Obligations     

Asset retirement obligations are legal
obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets resulting from the acquisition, construction, development and/or
normal use of the underlying assets. Recognition of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is required in the period in
which it is incurred at its estimated fair value. The associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying
amount of the underlying asset and depreciated over the estimated useful life of the asset. The liability is accreted through charges
to operating expenses. If the asset retirement obligation is settled for other than the carrying amount of the liability, the Company
recognizes a gain or loss on settlement. 

The Company records all asset retirement
obligations for which it has legal obligations to remove all installation works and reinstate the manufacturing facilities to its
original state at estimated fair value. The Company recognized $NIL and approximately $4,000 and $9,000 and $13,000 of asset retirement
obligation operating costs related to accretion of the liabilities and depreciation of the assets for the three-month and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These amounts were included in the net loss/income from discontinued operations
in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss/income. 

Note 2.   
       Segments    

During the reported periods, the Company
conducted business under two operating segments: (i) gaming operations, which include leasing of its owned EGMs on a fixed
lease fee or revenue-sharing basis; and (ii) the development and testing of a social gaming platform. 

During the reported periods, the Company
also operated in the gaming products business, which entailed the design, manufacture and distribution of gaming chips and plaques
as well as the distribution of third-party gaming products. On May 11, 2016, the Company sold the principal assets of the gaming
products operations and has exited this business. All related historical revenues and expenses for these operations have been reclassified
as discontinued operations. The accounting policies of the discontinued operations are consistent with the Company s policies
for the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

The following table presents the financial
information for each of the Company s continuing operating segments. 

Geographic segment revenues of the Company s
continuing operation segments for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 

For the three-month and nine-month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the largest gaming operations customer represented 46% and 75% and 61% and 75%, respectively,
of total gaming operations revenue. 

Note 3.   
       Inventories    

Inventories consisted of the following: 

Note 4.   
       Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets    

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following: 

Note 5.   
       Receivables    

Accounts and other receivables consisted of the following: 

(1)  
      As of September 30, 2016, other receivables included approximately $1.0 million in payments due within one year from the sale of the Company s gaming products operations assets on May 11, 2016. The non-current balance of the future payments receivable is included in Prepaids, Deposits and Other Assets. See Note 9.   

Note 6.   
       Gaming Equipment    

Gaming equipment is stated at cost. The
major categories of gaming equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following: 

Depreciation expenses of gaming equipment
of approximately $111,000 and $586,000 and $870,000 and $1.9 million were included in cost of gaming operations in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss/income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note 7.   
       Property and Equipment    

Property and equipment are stated at cost.
The major categories of property and equipment and accumulated depreciation consisted of the following: 

(1)  
      Equipment, vehicles, furniture and fixtures decreased from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 due to the sale of the principal assets of the gaming products operations on May 11, 2016 and the write-down of the unsold gaming products assets, including office equipment and machinery that could not be utilized in the Company s other operations as of September 30, 2016.   

Depreciation expenses of property and equipment
of approximately $56,000 and $165,000 and $171,000 and $487,000 were included in cost of gaming operations in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss/income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note 8.   
       Goodwill and Intangible Assets, including Casino Contracts    

Goodwill and intangible assets are stated
at cost. The major categories of goodwill and intangible assets and accumulated amortization consisted of the following: 

(1)  
      Internal-use software relates to the development of the social gaming platform.   

Amortization expenses for finite-lived
intangible assets of $NIL and approximately $671,000 and $625,000 and $2.0 million were included in cost of gaming operations in
the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss/income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. 

Amortization expenses for internal-use software
of approximately $65,000 were included in cost of social gaming platform in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
loss/income for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016. 

Goodwill movements during the periods consisted of the following: 

Note 9.   
       Prepaids, Deposits and Other Assets    

Prepaids, deposits and other assets consisted of the following: 

(1)  
      Other receivables as of September 30, 2016 included approximately $976,000 in payments due in more than one year from the sale of the gaming products operations assets.  The current balance of the future payments receivable is included in Receivables.  See Note 5.   

Note 10.   
       Accrued Expenses    

Accrued expenses consisted of the following: 

(2)  
      Withholding tax expenses increased from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016 due to the withholding tax payable for the fixed lease income from the NagaWorld operations.   

Note 11.   
       Other Liabilities    

Other liabilities consisted of the following: 

Note 12.   
       Stock-Based Compensation    

The Company effected a 1-for-4 reverse
stock split of its common shares as of February 26, 2015. All historical share amounts and share price information presented below
have been proportionally adjusted to reflect the impact of this reverse split. 

At the annual shareholders meeting held
on September 8, 2008, the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan was voted on and became effective on January 1, 2009, which replaced two previous
plans, the Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option Plan and the Amended and Restated 1999 Directors  Stock Option Plan, thereby
terminating both of the previous plans on December 31, 2008. 

On July 18, 2016, the Company s shareholders
approved a new 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, the 2016 Plan, which amended and restated the 2008 Plan to bring it in alignment with
the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, to which the Company s equity incentive
plans are subject as a result of becoming an indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Melco International Development Limited.   

The 2016 Plan allows for incentive awards
to eligible recipients consisting of: 

Options to purchase shares of common stock that qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning of the Internal Revenue Code;   

Non-statutory stock options that do not qualify as incentive options;   

Restricted stock awards; and   

Performance stock awards which are subject to future achievement of performance criteria or free of any performance or vesting.   

The maximum number of shares reserved for
issuance under the 2016 Plan is 1,250,000 shares. The exercise price of options granted under the 2016 Plan shall not be less than
100% of the fair market value of one share of common stock on the date of grant, unless the participant owns more than 10% of the
total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary corporation of the Company, in which
case the exercise price shall then be 110% of the fair market value. The outstanding stock options generally vest over three years
and have ten-year contractual terms. 

Pursuant to shareholder approval of the
2016 Plan, the Company implemented a voluntary stock option exchange program for its employees, directors and certain others, or
the Participants. The stock option exchange program had been approved by the Board of Directors on April 29, 2016 and was approved
by shareholders on July 18, 2016. 

Under the terms
of the stock option exchange program, the Participants had the opportunity to cancel their existing underwater outstanding stock
options (i.e., options with exercise prices that are higher than the current market trading price of the Company s common
stock) in exchange for a replacement option grant for an equal number of shares. The replacement options have an exercise price
of $1.94, which is based on the higher of: (i) 100% of the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the Board approval
date and (ii) 100% of the average fair market value of one share of the Company s common stock for the five business days
immediately preceding the Board approval date. 

The replacement options have a ten-year
term from the Board approval date and are subject to a new vesting schedule. They will vest over three years, vesting 50% on the
first anniversary and 25% on each of the second and third anniversaries of the Board approval date, subject to the Participants
remaining continuously in service with the Company, except in the case of replacement options issued to our non-employee directors
which will continue to vest after the termination of their service to the Company. 

The compensation expense
resulted from the exchange program and is recognized in accordance with ASC 718  Compensation-Stock Compensation .
As a result of the option exchange, the Company expects to incur non-cash compensation expense attributable to the
incremental fair value of the replacement options granted to the Participants, measured as of the date such awards were
granted. The incremental compensation expense associated with
the replacement options will be recognized over the expected life of the replacement options. 

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, stock options for the purchase of 484,781 shares of common stock were granted under the stock option exchange program
under the 2016 Plan with a weighted average exercise price of $1.94 and weighted average fair value of $1.31 per share and will
vest over a three year period. 

During the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016, there were no exercises of outstanding stock options. 

Prior to January 1, 2009, the Company had
two stock options plans, the Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option Plan and the Amended and Restated 1999 Directors  Stock
Option Plan, through which 937,500 shares and 18,750 shares were authorized, respectively. Both of these previous plans expired
on December 31, 2008. However, options granted under these previous plans that were outstanding as of the date of termination remain
outstanding and subject to termination according to their terms. 

As of September 30, 2016, stock options
for the purchase of 70,627 shares and 2,813 shares of common stock were outstanding in relation to the Amended and Restated 1999
Stock Option Plan and the Amended and Restated 1999 Director s Stock Option Plan, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016, stock options
for the purchase of 208,630 shares of common stock were outstanding under the 2008 Plan. 

As of September 30, 2016, stock options
for the purchase of 282,070 shares of common stock were exercisable with a weighted average exercise price of $8.45, a weighted
average fair value of $3.52 and an aggregate intrinsic value of approximately $32,000. The total fair value of shares vested during
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 was $2,000. As of September 30, 2016, an aggregate of 484,781 options granted under
all plans was subject to vesting with a total compensation cost of approximately $50,000. The amount is expected to be recognized
over 2.58 years. 

A summary of all current and expired plans
as of September 30, 2016 and changes during the period then ended are presented in the following table: 

Options  

Restricted Stock  

Recognition and Measurement  

The fair value of each stock-based award
to employees and non-employee directors is estimated on the measurement date which generally is the grant date while awards to
non-employees and restricted common stock with performance criteria are measured at the earlier of the performance commitment date
or the service completion date using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. Option valuation models require the input of
highly subjective assumptions, and changes in assumptions used can materially affect the fair value estimates. The Company estimates
the expected life of the award by taking into consideration the vesting period, contractual term, historical exercise data, expected
volatility, blackout periods and other relevant factors. Volatility is estimated by evaluating the Company s historical volatility
data. The risk-free interest rate on the measurement date is based on U.S. Treasury constant maturity rates for a period approximating
the expected life of the award. The Company historically has not paid dividends, nor does it expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable
future and, therefore, the expected dividend rate is zero. 

The following table summarizes the range
of assumptions utilized in the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model for the valuation of stock options granted during the
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

For stock-based compensation accrued to
employees and non-employee directors, the Company recognizes stock-based compensation expenses for all service-based awards with
graded vesting schedules on a pro rata basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Initial accruals of
compensation expense are based on the estimated number of shares for which requisite service is expected to be rendered. Estimates
are revised if subsequent information indicates that forfeitures will differ from previous estimates, and the cumulative effect
on compensation cost of a change in the estimated forfeitures is recognized in the period of the change. 

For non-employee awards, the Company remeasures
compensation cost each period until the service condition is complete and recognizes compensation cost on the straight-line basis
over the requisite service period. 

The Company estimates forfeitures and recognizes
compensation cost only for those awards expected to vest assuming all awards would vest and reverse recognized compensation cost
for forfeited awards when the awards are actually forfeited. 

For awards with service conditions and
graded vesting that were granted prior to the adoption of ASC 718, the Company estimates the requisite service period and the number
of shares expected to vest, and recognizes compensation expense for each tranche on the straight-line basis over the estimated
requisite service period. 

Note 13.   
       Related Party Transactions    

Significant revenues, purchases and expenses
arising from transactions with related parties consisted of the following: 

Melco Services Limited is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Melco International Development Limited, which owns 64.8% of Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. 

Melco International Development Limited
owns 37.9% of Melco Crown Entertainment Limited, which owns 90% of Melco Crown (Macau) Limited, 72.84% of MCE Leisure (Philippines)
Corporation and 60% of Studio City International Holding Limited. 

Golden Future (Management Services) Limited
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Melco Crown (Macau) Limited. 

Melco International Development Limited
indirectly owns 86.7% of Aberdeen Restaurant Enterprises Limited and 5% of Oriental Regent Limited. 

The Company recorded income tax expenses
of approximately $106,000 and $129,000 and $314,000 and $166,000 for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company s effective income tax rates were (686.9%) and 13.9% and 549.4% and 6.6% for the
three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The EGT Cambodia entity is income tax exempt
and only pays a fixed monthly tax rather than a tax on income. The change in effective tax rate was mainly due to the inclusion
of EGT Cambodia pre-tax income, which is subject to a zero income tax liability, in the overall estimated annual effective tax
rate computation. 

The fixed obligation tax arrangement is
subject to annual renewal and negotiation. The Company is making efforts to renew the fixed obligation tax arrangement for EGT
Cambodia for 2016. 

The Company is subject to income tax examinations
by tax authorities in jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company s 2013 to 2015 United States income tax returns remain
open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company s 2009 to 2013 Australian income tax returns remain open
to examination by the Australian Taxation Office. The Company s 2015 Cambodian income tax returns remain open to examination
by the General Department of Taxation. The Company s 2013 to 2015 Philippines income tax returns remain open to examination
by the Philippines Bureau of Internal Revenue. The Company s 2009 to 2015 Hong Kong income tax returns remain open to examination
by the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department. 

Note 15.   
       Discontinued Operations    

On May 11, 2016, the Company entered into
an asset purchase agreement pursuant to which it sold the principal assets dedicated to the design, manufacture and distribution
of chips, plaques and layouts for gaming tables to Gaming Partners International Corporation, or GPI. The transaction under the
agreement closed on May 11, 2016. 

Under the terms of the agreement, the Company
sold to GPI certain assets of its gaming products business, including fixed assets, raw materials and inventory and intellectual
property, for cash consideration of approximately $5.9 million. The consideration includes a purchase price of approximately $5.4
million and $530,000 for restrictive covenants related to a non-compete arrangement given by the Company and Mr. Clarence Chung.
The purchase price will be paid out in installments over a 24-month period after closing, with approximately $3.2 million paid
at closing and approximately $1.1 million to be paid on each of the first two anniversaries of the closing. Payment related to
the restrictive covenants was paid after closing. GPI also paid to the Company an amount equal to four months  rental for
its factory subject to a cap of $260,000 after closing and is expected to pay a fixed sum of $520,000 for costs related to the
termination of the gaming products business employees. 

In addition, GPI will make earn-out payments
to the Company. These earn-out payments include: 3% of net revenue on certain sales to specific Asian-based casinos over the next
five years subject to a cap of a total of $500 million of net revenue; and 15% of net revenues on sales to the Company s
related party casinos for an indefinite time period for the first $10 million of net revenue and, in addition, 3% of net revenue
from these related party casino sales over the next five years subject to a cap of $30 million of net revenue. The Company shall
only be entitled to earn-out payments in excess of $900,000. 

The agreement includes customary representations,
warranties and covenants by the Company and GPI, including each party s agreement to indemnify the other against certain
claims or losses resulting from certain breaches of representations, warranties or covenants under the agreement and third-party
claims arising before and after the close. The asset sale represents our exit from the business of design, manufacture and distribution
of chips, plaques and layouts for gaming tables and, as part of the transaction, the Company has agreed with GPI not to engage
in the manufacture of gaming chips, plaques, jetons, playing cards and layouts for gaming tables in competition with GPI. 

In connection with the close of the transaction
under the agreement, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, DPD Limited, formerly known as Dolphin Products Limited, and
GPI settled and released each other of all claims relating to the civil actions instituted by GPI against DPD in the High Court
of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in December 2015. 

The
following table details selected financial information for the discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
loss/income.  

(1)  The Company incurred approximately $487,000 in expenses related to the termination of the gaming
products factory lease in September 2016. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred approximately
$1.0 million in legal fees related to DPD Limited, formerly known as Dolphin Products Limited.   

(2)  
      In the three-month period ended June 30, 2016,  the Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge of approximately $1.3 million associated with the write-down of the remaining gaming operations assets, including certain machinery, leasehold improvements and office equipment, which could not be utilized in its other operations.   

Note 16.   
       Commitments and Contingencies    

Legal Matters  

Gaming Partners International Corporation Litigation  

On December 21, 2015, Gaming Partners International
Corporation, or GPI, commenced a legal action in the High Court of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region against DPD Limited,
formerly known as Dolphin Products Limited, or DPD, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary. 

On May 11, 2016, GPI agreed to irrevocably
withdraw, terminate and discontinue the legal action mentioned above. On the same date, the Company agreed to sell substantially
all the principal assets of DPD to GPI and to discontinue DPD s business of designing, manufacturing and distributing gaming
chips and plaques and distributing third-party table game products. 

Note 17.   
       (Loss)/Earnings Per Share    

Computation of the basic and diluted (loss)/earnings
per share from continuing operations consisted of the following: 

(1)  
      There were no differences in diluted loss per share from basic loss per share as the assumed exercise of common stock equivalents would have an anti-dilutive effect due to losses for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016.   

Note 18.   
       Retirement Plan    

The components of accrued retirement benefits
consisted of the following:  

Note 19.   
       Asset Retirement Obligations    

Reconciliations of the carrying amounts
of the Company s asset retirement obligations are as follows: 

Note 20.   
       Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income    

The accumulated balances in respect of
other comprehensive income consisted of the following: 

Note 21.   
       Subsequent Events    

On October 31, 2016, the Company sold the
gaming machine assets placed in Thansur Bokor in Cambodia to the casino owner for cash proceeds of $250,000 and terminated the
related participation agreement. 

Item 2.      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT   

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto contained elsewhere in
this report. The information contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q is not a complete description of our business
or the risks associated with an investment in our common stock. We urge you to carefully review and consider the various disclosures
made by us in this report and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, including our annual
report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016 and subsequent reports
on Form 8-K, which discuss our business in greater detail. 

In this report we make, and from time to
time we otherwise make, written and oral statements regarding our business and prospects, such as projections of future performance,
statements of management s plans and objectives, forecasts of market trends, and other matters that are forward-looking statements
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Statements containing the words or phrases  will likely result,   are expected to,   will continue, 
 is anticipated,   estimates,   projects,   believes,   expects,   anticipates, 
 intends,   target,   goal,   plans,   objective,   should 
or similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which may appear in documents, reports, filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, news releases, written or oral presentations made by officers or other representatives made by us to analysts,
stockholders, investors, news organizations and others, and discussions with management and other of our representatives. For such
statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. 

Our future results, including results related
to forward-looking statements, involve a number of risks and uncertainties. No assurance can be given that the results reflected
in any forward-looking statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement
is made. Our forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions that are sometimes based upon estimates, data, communications
and other information from suppliers, government agencies and other sources that may be subject to revision. Except as required
by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or keep current either (i) any forward-looking statement to reflect events
or circumstances arising after the date of such statement, or (ii) the important factors that could cause our future results
to differ materially from historical results or trends, results anticipated or planned by us, or which are reflected from time
to time in any forward-looking statement. 

There are several important factors that
could cause our future results to differ materially from historical results or trends, results anticipated or planned by us, or
results that are reflected from time to time in any forward-looking statement. Some of these important factors, but not necessarily
all important factors, are included in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
and in the section  Risk Factors  in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015
filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 

We own or have rights to certain trademarks
that we used in connection with our business or products. In addition, this report also makes reference to trademarks and trade
names of other companies. 

On February 26, 2015, we effected a 1-for-4
reverse stock split of our common stock and corresponding decrease in the number of authorized shares of common stock. All historical
share amounts and share information presented in the financial statements and notes have been proportionally adjusted to reflect
the impact of this reverse stock split, including but not limited to basic and diluted weighted-average shares issued and outstanding. 

Overview  

This discussion is intended to provide
the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those
financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting
principles affect our financial statements. The discussion also provides information about the financial results of the various
segments of our business to provide a better understanding of how those segments and their results affect our financial condition
and results of operations as a whole. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes as of and for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included elsewhere
in this report. 

General   

We generate revenue through our
electronic gaming machine (EGM) operations in Cambodia and the Philippines and online social gaming platform. Our
consolidated revenue for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $690,000 and $6.8
million, respectively. This compares to consolidated revenue for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015 of approximately $4.5 million and $13.4 million, respectively. 

This year to date, we have refined our
business operations with the sale of certain business assets and the exit of certain operations in an effort to improve our positioning
and financial flexibility to pursue new growth opportunities. In May 2016, we sold the principal assets of the gaming products
operations, which comprised the manufacture and sale of gaming chips and plaques and the distribution of third-party gaming products
mainly in Asia and Australia, and exited this business. The cash consideration was approximately $5.9 million plus the potential
for earn-outs on future gaming chip and plaque orders to specified customers and subject to certain restrictions. On June 30, 2016,
two of our EGM leasing contracts, NagaWorld in Cambodia and Leisure World VIP Slot Club in the Philippines, were terminated and,
immediately following in July 2016, we sold the related gaming machine assets for a combined purchase price of approximately $3.3
million. On October 31, 2016, we sold the gaming machine assets placed in Thansur Bokor in Cambodia for cash proceeds of $250,000
and terminated the related participation agreement. 

In 2015, we commenced operations to develop
and publish an online social gaming platform specifically designed for the Pan-Asian market. We commenced initial testing of the
platform in the third quarter of 2016 and generated minimal revenue for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

Gaming Operations   

Our gaming operations comprise the leasing
of our EGMs in two countries, Cambodia and the Philippines. As of September 30, 2016, we had a total of 748 EGM seats in operation
in four venues, of which a total of 350 EGM seats were in operation in two venues in Cambodia and a total of 398 EGM seats in operation
in two venues in the Philippines. 

In Cambodia, our gaming operations during
the reported periods included Thansur Bokor Highland Resort and Dreamworld Club (Poipet). Thansur Bokor is a casino resort developed
by Cambodian hotelier, Sokha Hotels and Resorts, in the Kampot Province. Under the original agreement, we and Sokha split the net
win and certain operating expenses for the placed EGMs on a respective basis of 27%/73%. In August 2015, we and Sokha amended our
agreement and adjusted the number of our EGMs placed in this venue to 71 and the split of net win and certain operating costs to
29%/71%, respectively. On October 31, 2016, we sold all 71 EGM seats placed in Thansur Bokor to the casino owner for $250,000 and
terminated the related participation agreement. 

Dreamworld Club (Poipet) is a slot hall
located in the established gaming market of Poipet in the Banteay Meanchey Province of Northwestern Cambodia near the Thailand
border. As of September 30, 2016, we had 279 EGM seats in operation in this venue. Dreamworld Club (Poipet) operates under a machine
operation and participation agreement with a local partner that owns and operates an existing casino in Poipet. Under the terms
of the agreement, the local partner allocated, at no expense to us, part of its land with an area of approximately 16,000 square
feet to us to develop and construct, at our own design and cost, the slot venue. We are responsible for all capital expenditures
for Dreamworld Club (Poipet) and the placement of EGMs and are the sole operators of this venue. We and the local partner split
the net win from all the EGMs placed by us at Dreamworld Club (Poipet) and certain operating costs related to marketing and floor
staff on a respective basis of 40%/60%. 

From March 1, 2010 until June 30, 2016,
our gaming operations included leasing 670 EGM seats to NagaWorld, a gaming resort and the only licensed full service casino in
and around the capital city of Phnom Penh owned by NagaWorld Limited. From March 1, 2010 and February 29, 2016, pursuant to a machine
operation and participation contract between us and NagaWorld, we jointly operated a substantial portion of the gaming machine
area in prime casino floor locations and we and NagaWorld split the net win, which represented the monies wagered less payouts
to customers, from our 670 EGMs placed in their property and certain operating costs related to marketing and floor staff on a
respective basis of 25%/75%. 

Upon termination of the machine operation
and participation contract on February 29, 2016, we entered into a machine lease agreement with NagaWorld Limited pursuant to which
NagaWorld leased all of our 670 EGM seats and related equipment in their present locations on the NagaWorld casino floor commencing
March 1, 2016. We were responsible to pay the withholding tax and provide onsite machine and system maintenance but did not provide
any other operational support staff. NagaWorld paid us, on a monthly basis, a fixed fee per machine seat per day. The monthly lease
payments per machine seat per day were $22 from March 1 through May 31, 2016, $20 from June 1 through August 31, 2016, and then
$18 beginning in September 1, 2016 and thereafter until the contract terminated. NagaWorld had the option to terminate the agreement
upon not less than 30 days  prior written notice. On July 6, 2016, we and NagaWorld agreed to terminate the agreement effective
June 30, 2016. Also on July 6, 2016, we agreed to sell all 670 EGM seats placed at NagaWorld to a third-party in Cambodia. The
NagaWorld operations had been a primary contributor to our gaming operations revenue and consolidated cash flow. 

In the Philippines, our gaming operations
are located in the greater Manila area. Our share of the net win per unit per day ranges from 15% to 35%.  On June 30, 2016,
one of our participation contracts in the Philippines expired and, on July 4, 2016, we sold all 154 EGM seats placed there to the
venue owner. Our operations in the two remaining venues are operating under short-term contracts with the potential for longer-term
renewal periods. 

Social Gaming Platform   

In 2015, we commenced the development of
an online social gaming platform. With an internal team of experienced social gaming professionals, we are creating a free-to-play,
mobile, social games designed specifically for the Pan-Asian market. We intend to monetize the app through the in-game sale of
virtual coins that allows players to extend play time or accelerate their progress. We are presently testing of a limited version
of the app in certain markets. 

Subject to positive test results, our plan
is to market the platform to users in various countries in Asia and to partner with third-parties to offer rewards, which can be
earned by the redemption of users  accumulated points. 

The development of the social gaming
application is intended to be fully internally funded. Total costs, both expensed and capitalized, for the development and
distribution of the platform were approximately $413,000 for the year ended December 31, 2015. We expect total costs, both
expensed and capitalized, for the development and distribution of the platform of approximately $3.5 million to $4 million for
the year ended December 31, 2016. 

Discontinued Operations   

During the reported periods, we were engaged
in the design, manufacture and distribution of gaming chips and plaques from our manufacturing facilities in Hong Kong. Our
customer base for the gaming chips and plaques included major casino resorts in Macau, the Philippines and Australia. 

In addition, we had four agreements with
third-party gaming suppliers to distribute their products, including gaming table layouts, UV lights and kiosks. Typically, we
sold these products to our existing gaming chip and plaque customers in various markets in Asia and sales of these products represented
a small amount of total gaming products revenue.       

On May 11, 2016, we reached a definitive
agreement to sell the principal assets of the gaming products operations. See Note 15. We closed the transaction on the same day
and we have exited this business. All related historical revenues and expenses from these gaming products operations have been
reclassified as discontinued operations. 

Results of Operations for the Three-Month and Nine-Month
Periods Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

The following table summarizes our operating
results on a consolidated basis for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. All historical revenues
and expenses associated with the gaming products business, the assets of which were sold in May 2016, have been reclassified as
discontinued operations. 

(1)  
      We define  Adjusted (LBITDA)/EBITDA  as
    loss/earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation, gain on disposals, and other
    non-cash operating     income and expenses. Adjusted (LBITDA)/EBITDA is presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure
    because our management     believes that it is widely used to measure the performance, and as a basis for valuation, of
    gaming companies. Our management     uses Adjusted EBITDA/(LBITDA) as a measure of the operating performance of its segments
    and to compare the operating     performance of its operations with those of its competitors. We also present Adjusted
    (LBITDA)/EBITDA because it is used by     some investors as a way to measure a company s ability to incur and service
    debt, make capital expenditures and meet     working capital requirements. Gaming companies have historically reported
    (LBITDA)/EBITDA as a supplement to financial     measures in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
    United States ( GAAP ). Adjusted     (LBITDA)/EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to operating
    income as an indicator of our performance, as an     alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of
    liquidity, or as an alternative to any other measure     determined in accordance with GAAP. Unlike net income, Adjusted
    (LBITDA)/EBITDA does not include depreciation or interest     expense and, therefore, does not reflect current or
    future     capital expenditures or the cost of capital. We compensate     for these limitations by using Adjusted
    (LBITDA)/EBITDA as     only one of several comparative tools, together with GAAP     measurements, to assist in the
    evaluation of operating     performance. Such GAAP measurements include operating income, net     income, cash flows from
    operations and cash flow data.     We have significant uses of cash flows, including capital     expenditures, taxes and
    other non-recurring charges, which are     not reflected in Adjusted (LBITDA)/EBITDA. Our calculation of     Adjusted
    (LBITDA)/EBITDA may be different from the     calculation methods used by other companies and, therefore, comparability
    may be limited.   

A reconciliation of (LBITDA)/EBITDA, as
adjusted, to the net (loss)/income from continuing operations is provided below. 

Total revenue decreased approximately $3.8
million to $690,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $4.5 million in the prior year
period primarily as a result of the expiration of the NagaWorld machine operation and participation contract on February 29, 2016,
as discussed in greater detail above. 

Gross loss increased approximately $2.2
million to $96,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to gross profit of approximately $2.1 million in
the prior year period. The increase in gross loss was primarily a result of lower revenue partially offset by lower depreciation
and amortization expenses. 

Operating income from continuing operations
decreased approximately $1.0 million to $5,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $1.0
million in the prior year period. The decrease in operating income from continuing operations was primarily a result of the higher
gross loss and higher operating expenses related to the social gaming platform partially offset by $1.6 million in gains on the
dispositions of EGMs in the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, as discussed in greater detail above. 

Net loss from continuing operations increased
approximately $919,000 to $122,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income from continuing operations
of approximately $797,000 in the prior year period. The increase in net loss from continuing operations was primarily a result
of the factors as explained above. 

Net loss increased approximately $2.2 million
to $744,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to a net income of approximately $1.4 million in the prior
year period. The net loss or income for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included a net loss of approximately
$622,000 and net income of approximately $649,000, respectively, from the discontinued gaming products operations. The net loss
from discontinued operations for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 primarily related to factory lease payments and
the lease termination in September 2016. See Note 15. 

Total revenue decreased approximately $6.6
million to $6.8 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $13.4 million in the same
period of the prior year primarily as a result of lower revenue from NagaWorld due to the expiration of the machine operation and
participation contract with NagaWorld on February 29, 2016 and the termination of the fixed lease agreement with NagaWorld on June
30, 2106, as discussed in greater detail above. 

Gross profit decreased approximately $3.7
million to $2.6 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $6.3 million in the prior
year period. The decrease was primarily a result of lower revenue partially offset by lower depreciation and amortization expenses
in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

Operating income from continuing operations
decreased approximately $2.6 million to $53,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $2.6
million in the prior year period. The decrease in operating income from continuing operations was primarily a result of the lower
gross profit and higher operating expenses related to the social gaming platform partially offset by approximately $1.6 million
in gains on dispositions of EGM assets, as described in detail above. 

Net loss from continuing operations increased
approximately $2.6 million to $257,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income from continuing
operations of approximately $2.3 million in the prior year period. The increase in net loss from continuing operations was primarily
a result of the lower operating income, as explained above, and higher income tax expenses. 

Net loss increased approximately $6.5 million
to $3.0 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to net income of approximately $3.5 million in the
same period of the prior year. The net loss or income for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included a net
loss of approximately $2.7 million and net income of approximately $1.1 million, respectively, from the discontinued gaming products
operations. See Note 15. 

Gaming Operations  

During the reported periods, revenue from
gaming operations consisted of leasing EGMs on both a revenue-sharing (participation) and fixed fee basis. 

(1)  
      Service revenue represents reimbursements of certain expenses for EGM participation operations, which for accounting purposes, are included in the revenue and grossed up in the cost of gaming operations.   

Revenue from gaming operations decreased
approximately $3.8 million to $689,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $4.5 million
in the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to lower revenue from NagaWorld as a result of the expiration of the NagaWorld
machine operation and participation contract on February 29, 2016. 

Gaming operations revenue for the three-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included approximately $120,000 and $268,000, respectively, in service revenue related
to the reimbursement of net shared costs from casino operators for the participation agreements. 

Revenue from Cambodia decreased approximately
$3.4 million to $207,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $3.6 million in the prior
year period. The decline was primarily due to the expiration of the NagaWorld machine operation and participation contract on February
29, 2016. 

Revenue from the Philippines decreased
approximately $235,000 to $362,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $597,000 in the
prior year period. The decrease was due to the expiration of our participation contract with Leisure World on June 30, 2016 and
lower average net win per day per unit in the remaining two venues primarily as a result of continued competition from major casino
resorts in the Manila area. We continue efforts to enhance returns on assets in this market through targeted marketing programs
and strategic management of and investment in our machine mix. 

Gross loss from gaming operations increased
approximately $2.2 million to $19,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to gross profit approximately
$2.1 million in the prior year period primarily due to the lower revenue partially offset by lower depreciation and amortization
expenses. Cost of gaming operations for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 included approximately $167,000 in depreciation
of gaming property and equipment and $542,000 of other operating costs. Cost of gaming operations for the three-month period ended
September 30, 2015 included approximately $751,000 in depreciation of gaming property and equipment, $608,000 of amortization of
casino contracts, $63,000 of amortization of other gaming related intangibles and $927,000 of other operating costs. 

Revenue from gaming operations decreased
approximately $6.6 million to $6.8 million during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $13.4
million in the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to lower revenue from NagaWorld due to the expiration of the machine
operation and participation contract with NagaWorld on February 29, 2016 and the termination of the fixed lease agreement with
NagaWorld on June 30, 2016. 

Gaming operations revenue for the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included approximately $458,000 and $763,000, respectively, in service revenue related
to the reimbursement of net shared costs from casino operators for the participation agreements. 

Revenue from Cambodia decreased approximately
$5.9 million to $4.8 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $10.7 million in the
prior year period. The decline was primarily due to lower revenue from NagaWorld. 

Revenue from the Philippines decreased
approximately $343,000 to $1.6 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $1.9 million
in the prior year period. The decrease was due to the expiration of the Leisure World participation agreement on June 30, 2016
and lower average net win per day per unit in the remaining two venues primarily as a result of continued competition from major
casino resorts in the Manila area. 

Gross profit from gaming operations decreased
approximately $3.7 million to $2.7 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $6.3 million
in the prior year period primarily due to the lower revenue partially offset by lower depreciation and amortization expenses. Cost
of gaming operations for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 included approximately $1.0 million in depreciation of
gaming property and equipment, $529,000 of amortization of casino contracts, $96,000 of amortization of other gaming related intangibles
and $2.5 million of other operating costs which included severance costs associated with the termination of the NagaWorld staff
upon expiration of the machine operation and participation agreement. Of the total $626,000 in total severance costs, $555,000
was recorded in cost of gaming operations. Cost of gaming operations for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 included
approximately $2.4 million in depreciation of gaming property and equipment, $1.8 million of amortization of casino contracts,
$189,000 of amortization of other gaming related intangibles and $2.7 million of other operating costs. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had a total
of 1,002 EGM seats of which 254 were held in inventory and 748 were in operation. Of the 748 EGM seats in operation, 350 were in
operation in two venues in Cambodia and 398 were in operation in two venues in the Philippines. 

As described above, on October 31, 2016,
we sold all 71 EGM seats placed in Thansur Bokor in Cambodia and terminated the participation agreement for this venue. 

As part of our ongoing efforts to maximize
returns and minimize capital expenditures for the gaming operations, we seek to strategically manage our existing EGM base through
the redeployment of gaming assets between venues, when appropriate. 

Social Gaming Platform  

In 2015, we began developing an
online social gaming platform and, in the third quarter of 2016, we commenced a limited test of the platform in the
Philippines and generated minimal revenue for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016. 

We capitalize costs for the development
of the platform and the internal-use software when the planning stage efforts are successfully completed, management has committed
project resourcing and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used as intended. Such costs
are amortized on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Costs incurred prior to meeting
these criteria are expensed to research and development expenses as incurred. On August 16, 2016, these criteria were met and we
ceased capitalizing costs for the development of the platform and the internal-use software. 

For the three-month and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, we incurred approximately $980,000 and $2.5 million in total expenses and
capitalized costs related to the development of the social gaming platform, respectively. This compares to approximately $9,000 for the
three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015. 

Operating Expenses  

The schedule of expenses on a consolidated basis for continuing
operations consisted of the following: 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  

Selling, general and administrative
expenses increased approximately $347,000 to $1.4 million for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to
approximately $1.1 million in the prior year period. The social gaming operations represented approximately $493,000 of total
selling, general and administrative expenses during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $NIL in the
prior year period. Salaries and wages and advertising expenses increased approximately $349,000 due to higher headcount and
marketing for the new social gaming operations. Office expenses increased approximately $63,000 due to management and
administrative service fees paid to Melco Services Limited. The increases were partially offset by lower consulting and legal
expenses of approximately $28,000 primarily due to lower professional advisors  fees and lower rent, utilities,
printing expenses and other expenses of approximately $37,000 primarily due to various cost reduction initiatives. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
decreased approximately $63,000 to $3.5 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $3.6
million in the prior year period. The social gaming operations represented $502,000 of total selling, general and administrative
expenses during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $NIL in the prior year period. Consulting and legal
expenses decreased approximately $297,000 primarily due to lower legal fees and professional advisors  fees. Rent, utilities,
printing expenses and other expenses decreased approximately $36,000 primarily due to various cost reduction initiatives. The decreases
were partially offset by increases in other tax expenses of approximately $143,000 mainly as result of a 10% withholding tax for
the NagaWorld fixed machine lease income and higher office expenses of approximately $127,000 due to management and administrative
service fees paid to Melco Services Limited. 

Stock-Based Compensation Expenses  

Stock-based compensation expenses increased
approximately $23,000 to $40,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $17,000 in the prior
year period primarily due to the implementation of a voluntary stock option exchange program for our employees, directors and certain
others on July 18, 2016. 

Stock-based
compensation expenses decreased approximately $6,000 to $61,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to
approximately $67,000 in the prior year period   primarily due to decrease in average stock
prices during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year period and the same reason as stated
above.  

Gain on Disposition of Assets  

Gain on disposition of assets was $1.6
million for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, which primarily related to the sale of all EGMs placed
in NagaWorld and Leisure World. Gain on disposition of assets was $NIL and $24,000 for the three-month and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Research and Development Expenses  

Research and development expenses increased
approximately $54,000 to $63,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $9,000 in the prior
year period. Research and development expenses increased approximately $539,000 to $548,000 for the nine-month period ended September
30, 2016 compared to approximately $9,000 in the prior year period. The increases were due to the development of the new social
gaming platform, as discussed above. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expenses  

Depreciation and amortization expenses
decreased approximately $8,000 to $24,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $33,000
in the prior year period. Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased approximately $21,000 to $79,000 for nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $100,000 in the prior year period. The decreases were primarily due to certain
systems and computers becoming fully depreciated in the 2016 periods. 

Other (Expenses)/Income  

Other expenses decreased approximately
$72,000 to $21,000 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $93,000 in the prior year period.
The decrease in other expenses was primarily due to an increase in foreign currency gains compared to the prior year period mainly
as a result of the settlement of U.S. dollar denominated payables for the Philippines operations with a depreciated U.S. dollar
compared to the prior year period. 

Other income increased approximately $112,000
to $4,000 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to expenses of approximately $108,000 in the prior year period.
The increase in other income was primarily due to foreign currency gains compared to losses in the prior year period mainly as
a result of the settlement of U.S. dollar denominated payables for the Philippines operations with a depreciated U.S. dollar compared
to the prior year period. 

Income Tax Provisions  

Effective tax rates for the three-month
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately (686.9%) and 13.9% and 549.4% and 6.6%, respectively.
The change in effective tax rate was mainly due to the inclusion of EGT Cambodia pre-tax income, which is subject to a zero income
tax liability, in the overall estimated annual effective tax rate computation. We continue to review the treatment of tax losses
and future income generated by our foreign subsidiaries to minimize taxation costs. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30, 2016, we had total
cash and cash equivalents of approximately $35.0 million and working capital of approximately $34.1 million. Our cash and working
capital during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was positively impacted by cash proceeds of approximately $7.1 million
from the sale of the principal assets of the gaming products division and the EGMs from the NagaWorld and Leisure World operations
but was negatively impacted by operating losses and an increase in use of working capital for and investments in the development
of the social gaming platform. 

Our cash flow for the remainder of 2016
and 2017 is expected to be negatively impacted primarily by our reduced revenue from our refined base of operations due to the
asset dispositions in 2016 and costs related to the development of the social gaming operations. This is expected to be partially
offset by receipts of $250,000 in October 2016 for the sale of EGMs in Thansur Bokor and $1.1 million in May 2017 related to the
2016 sale of the gaming products assets. 

We are seeking new projects to replace
the operating cash flow derived from the three terminated EGM leasing contracts and the discontinued gaming products operations.
Presently, we are actively pursuing projects, which are in new businesses, such as the film and related businesses, for the Company.
However, there is no guarantee we will be successful in securing these projects. 

Excluding costs and expenses for any new
projects, the Company does not expect any meaningful capital expenditures for the remainder of 2016 or for 2017. 

We anticipate our available working capital
will allow us to meet our capital expenditure needs through the remainder of 2016 and for 2017, excluding the costs and expenses
of any new projects. 

However, as noted above, we continue to
pursue new projects. While there is no guarantee we will be successful in securing them, if we were to secure new projects our
capital expenditures through the 2017 year would increase beyond what is discussed above. Where possible, we intend to fund such
new projects from cash on hand. Further, we will seek to structure the development of these projects in phases to better control
and pace the related capital expenditures. Nonetheless, we may need to seek additional required capital from various financing
sources including commercial debt financing and the sale of our debt or equity securities should the need arise. However, there
are no commitments or arrangements in place as of the date of this report for receipt of additional capital and there are no assurances
we will be able to acquire additional capital if, and when, needed on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

Cash Flow Summary  

Operations   

Cash used in operating activities was approximately
$1.2 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to cash provided by operating activities of approximately
$9.2 million in the prior year period. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, cash used in operating activities primarily
resulted from an increase in the operating loss from the gaming operations division and an increase in the use of funds for working
capital and expenses related to the development of the social gaming platform. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015,
cash provided by operating activities primarily resulted from operating income from both the gaming operations and gaming products
divisions and a decrease in the use of funds for working capital.  

Investing   

Cash provided by investing activities was
approximately $5.5 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $1.3 million cash used
in investing activities in the same period of the prior year. The net increase in cash provided by investing activities was
mainly a result of the proceeds from disposal of the gaming products division assets and sales of the EGMs placed in NagaWorld
and Leisure World. 

Financing   

No cash was used in financing activities for the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  

Our consolidated financial statements were
prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Accordingly, we are required to make
estimates incorporating judgments and assumptions we believe are reasonable based on our historical experience, contract terms,
observance of known trends in our Company and the industry as a whole, as well as information available from other outside sources.
Our estimates affect amounts recorded in the financial statements and actual results may differ from initial estimates. 

We consider the following accounting estimates
to be the most critical to fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. They require us to make subjective
or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain or variable. Senior management has discussed the development,
selection and disclosure of the following accounting estimates, particularly those considered most sensitive to changes from external
factors, with the audit committee of our board of directors. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable  

As of September 30, 2016, we had net accounts
receivable of approximately $367,000, representing 1% of total assets. We specifically analyze the collectability of each account
based upon the age of the account, the customer s financial condition, collection history and any other known information,
and we provide specific allowances for aged account balances. Revenue is recognized on an accrual basis for customers with doubtful
accounts receivable. No allowance for doubtful accounts receivable was deemed necessary as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015. 

Inventory  

The determination of obsolete or excess
inventory requires us to estimate the future demand for our products within specific time horizons, generally one year or less.
If we experience a significant unexpected decrease in demand for our products or a higher occurrence of inventory obsolescence
because of changes in technology or customer requirements, we could be required to increase our inventory provisions. No inventory
provision was deemed necessary for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Gaming Equipment and Property and Equipment  

As of September 30, 2016, we had gaming
equipment and property and equipment of approximately $1.9 million, representing 5% of our total assets. We depreciate gaming equipment
and property and equipment on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives are based on
the nature of the assets as well as current operating strategies and legal considerations such as contractual life. Future events,
such as property expansions, property developments, trends in market demand, new competition, or technology obsolescence, could
result in a change in the manner in which we use certain assets and require changes in the estimated useful lives of such assets. 

For assets to be held and used, they are
reviewed for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. If an indicator of impairment exists, we first group assets at
the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities (the
 asset group ). Secondly, we estimate the undiscounted future cash flows that are directly associated with and expected
to arise from the use and eventual disposition of such asset group. If the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, no
impairment is indicated. If the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, then an impairment is measured based
on fair value compared to carrying value, with fair value typically based on a discounted cash flow model. 

To estimate the undiscounted cash flows
of an asset group, we consider potential cash flow scenarios based on management estimates given current conditions. Determining
the recoverability of our asset groups is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including
estimated cash flows, growth rates and future market conditions, among others. Future changes to our estimates and assumptions
based upon changes in macro-economic factors, regulatory environments, operating results or management s intentions may result
in future changes to the recoverability of our asset group. 

Goodwill and Intangible Assets  

As of September 30, 2016, we had intangible
assets, including goodwill of approximately $1.8 million, representing 4% of our total assets. Goodwill is not subject to amortization
and is tested for impairment and recoverability annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that the assets
might be impaired. The impairment test consists of a comparison of its fair value with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount
is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value, an impairment provision will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. If
its carrying amount does not exceed the fair value, no impairment is recognized. 

Certain costs relating to software developed
to solely meet our internal requirements and for which there are no substantive plans to market the software. These costs mainly
include payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to the internal-use
software projects during the application development stage until the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended
use. We also capitalize certain costs related to the development of the social gaming application to be marketed. These
costs are capitalized once technological feasibility has been established. Costs incurred prior to the criteria met for capitalization
are expensed to research and development expenses as incurred. Our management committed the resources of developing a social gaming
application, and the social gaming application has reached a defined stage of development such that the software could be used
as intended. Such capitalized costs are amortized on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the related assets. 

Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized
on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful lives are based on the nature of the assets
as well as legal considerations such as contractual life. Future events, such as technology obsolescence could result in a change
in the manner in which we use the assets and require a change in the estimated useful lives of such assets. Finite-lived intangible
assets are tested for impairment and recoverability when there are indicators of impairment. The impairment test consists of a
comparison of its fair value with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value, an
impairment provision will be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. If its carrying amount does not exceed the fair value,
no impairment is recognized. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

We apply ASC 718,  Compensation-Stock
Compensation , to account for stock-based compensation. Under the fair value recognition provisions of ASC 718, we recognize
stock-based compensation expenses for all service-based awards to employees and non-employee directors with graded vesting schedules
on the straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Estimates are revised if subsequent information
indicates that forfeitures will differ from previous estimates, and the cumulative effect on compensation costs of a change in
the estimated forfeitures is recognized in the period of the change.  For non-employee awards, we remeasure compensation costs
each period until the service condition is complete and recognize compensation costs on the straight-line basis over the requisite
service period.  Option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, and changes in the assumptions
used can materially affect the fair value estimate. Judgment is required in estimating stock price volatility, forfeiture rates,
expected dividends, and expected terms that options remain outstanding. For restricted stock awards with performance conditions,
we evaluate if performance conditions are probable in each reporting period. The compensation expense of restricted awards is recognized
ratably over the implicit service period if achieving performance conditions is probable. Initial accruals of compensation expense
are based on the estimated number of shares for which requisite service is expected to be rendered. 

Stock-based compensation expenses totaled
approximately $40,000 and $17,000 and $61,000 and $67,000 for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive loss/income. 

Income Taxes  

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S.
(including federal and state) and several foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. We record income taxes under the asset and
liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable
to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases, and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Accounting standards regarding income taxes requires
a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance, if based on the available evidence, it is
 more-likely-than-not  that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances
for deferred tax assets is assessed at each reporting period based on a  more-likely-than-not  realization threshold.
This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, forecasts
of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our experience with operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
not expiring, and implementation of tax planning strategies. 

We recorded a valuation allowance to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. Management will reassess the realization
of deferred tax assets based on the applicable accounting standards for income taxes each reporting period and consider the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, sources of taxable income and tax planning strategies. To the extent that the financial results
of these operations improve and it becomes  more-likely-than-not  that the deferred tax assets are realizable, we will
be able to reduce the valuation allowance. For valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets generated prior to Quasi-Reorganization,
which was effected on December 31, 2010, reductions in the valuation allowance will be recorded directly in equity. 

Significant judgment is required in evaluating
our tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions
for which the tax treatment is uncertain. Accounting standards regarding uncertainty in income taxes provides a two-step approach
to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining
if the weight of available evidence indicates it is  more-likely-than-not  that the position will be sustained on audit,
including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest
amount which is more than 50% likely, based solely on the technical merits, of being sustained on examinations. We consider many
factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may
not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. We recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in
the provision of income taxes in the statements of comprehensive income. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet financing
arrangements. 

Item 3.   
         Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    

Not applicable. 

Item 4.   
         Controls and Procedures    

(a)  
       Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures .   

Our management, with the participation
of our chief executive officer and chief accounting officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the
Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  Based
on this evaluation, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

(b)  
       Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.    

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 6.   
         Exhibits    

Exhibit   
  No.   
       
       Description   
       
       Method of Filing    
 
      31.1  
       
      Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      Filed electronically herewith   

31.2  
       
      Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
       
      Filed electronically herewith   

32.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350)  
       
      Filed electronically herewith   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document  
       
      Filed electronically herewith   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
       
      Filed electronically herewith   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
       
      Filed electronically herewith   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
       
      Filed electronically herewith   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
       
      Filed electronically herewith   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
       
      Filed electronically herewith   

+ Indicates management compensatory plan, contract or arrangement 

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of
the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ENTERTAINMENT GAMING ASIA INC.   

(Registrant)  

Date:  
      November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Clarence Chung  

Clarence Chung  

Its:  
      President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date:   
      November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Traci L. Mangini  

Traci L. Mangini  

Its:  
      Chief Financial Officer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452037_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

Section 302 Certification 

I, Clarence Chung, certify that: 

1)    I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc.;  

2)    Based on my knowledge, this
quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;  

3)    Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4)    The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)    Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)    Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fiscal
quarter presented in this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5)    The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

a)    All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and  

b)    Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Clarence Chung  

Clarence Chung, President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452037_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER  

Section 302 Certification 

I, Traci L. Mangini, certify that: 

1)    I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc.;  

2)    Based on my knowledge, this
quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;  

3)    Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4)    The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a)    Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)    Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles  

c)    Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)    Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fiscal
quarter presented in this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and  

5)    The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):  

a)    All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and  

b)    Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting.  

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Traci L. Mangini  

Traci L. Mangini, Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452037_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, Clarence Chung, President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Traci L. Mangini, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.   

By:  
      /s/ Clarence Chung  
       
      Dated:  
      November 14, 2016   

Clarence Chung  

Title:   
      President and Chief Executive Officer  

By:  
      /s/ Traci L. Mangini  
       
      Dated:   
      November 14, 2016   

Traci L. Mangini  

Title:  
      Chief Financial Officer  

This certification is made solely for the
purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 egt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 egt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 egt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 egt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 egt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 egt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

