<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_888491_0001571049-16-019636_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11114062</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>220897</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>519882</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3269884</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4568634</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2169519</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>115</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019636.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108160121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019636
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000888491
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				383041398
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11316
		FILM NUMBER:		161981254

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 INTERNATIONAL CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3500
		CITY:			HUNT VALLEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21030
		BUSINESS PHONE:		410-427-1700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 INTERNATIONAL CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3500
		CITY:			HUNT VALLEY
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21030

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019636.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 t1600667_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

  (Mark One)  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

  or  

For the transition period from _______________ to _______________  

Commission file number 1-11316  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

Yes      x                         No        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files).  

Yes      x                         No        

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one:)  

Large
accelerated filer      x         Accelerated
filer               Non-accelerated
filer              Smaller
reporting company        

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

   Yes                                No    x   

Indicate the number
of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock as of November 4, 2016.  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  FORM 10-Q  

  September 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   
      No.    
 
         PART I     
         Financial Information     

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements:   

Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      2   

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (unaudited) Nine months ended September 30, 2016   
      5   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   
      8   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      36   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      51   

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
      51   

PART II     
         Other Information     

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
      52   

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
      52   

Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      52   

Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
      53   

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1 - Financial Statements  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

   (in thousands,
except per share amounts   )  

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

2  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  Unaudited  

  (in thousands, except per share amounts)  

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

3  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME  

  Unaudited  

  (in thousands)  

(1)  The 2015 amounts have been adjusted to increase the comprehensive income attributable to the noncontrolling interest and decrease
the comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders by $3.9 million and $5.9 million for the three and nine month periods,
respectively.   

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY  

  Unaudited  

  (in thousands, except per share amounts)  

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

5  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  Unaudited (in thousands)  

6  

Non-cash investing and financing activities:  

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

7  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  Unaudited  

  September 30, 2016  

NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Business Overview and Organization  

Omega Healthcare Investors,
Inc. ( Omega,   we,   our  or the  Company ) has one reportable segment consisting
of investments in healthcare-related real estate properties located in the United States and the United Kingdom. Our core business
is to provide financing and capital to the long-term healthcare industry with a particular focus on skilled nursing facilities
( SNFs ). Our core portfolio consists of long-term leases and mortgage agreements. All of our leases are  triple-net 
leases, which require the tenants to pay all property-related expenses. Our mortgage revenue derives from fixed mortgage loans,
which are secured by first mortgage liens on the underlying real estate and personal property of the mortgagor. 

Omega was formed as
a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) and incorporated in the State of Maryland on March 31, 1992. In April 2015,
Aviv REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation ( Aviv ), merged (the  Aviv Merger ) with and into a wholly owned
subsidiary of Omega, pursuant to the terms of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 30, 2014 (the  Merger
Agreement ), by and among the Company, Aviv, OHI Healthcare Properties Holdco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct
wholly-owned subsidiary of Omega ( Merger Sub ), OHI Healthcare Properties Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited
partnership ( Omega OP ), and Aviv Healthcare Properties Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership (the  Aviv
OP ). 

Prior to April 1, 2015
and in accordance with the Merger Agreement, Omega restructured the manner in which it holds its assets by converting to an umbrella
partnership real estate investment trust structure (the  UPREIT Conversion ). As a result of the UPREIT Conversion
and following the consummation of the Aviv Merger, substantially all of the Company s assets are held by Omega OP. 

Omega OP is governed
by the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of OHI Healthcare Properties Limited Partnership, dated as
of April 1, 2015 (the  Partnership Agreement ). Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the Company and Merger Sub are
the general partners of Omega OP, and have exclusive control over Omega OP s day-to-day management. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company owned approximately 96% of the issued and outstanding units of partnership interest in Omega OP ( Omega OP Units ),
and investors owned approximately 4% of the Omega OP Units. 

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) regarding interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation
S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and notes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
( GAAP ) for complete financial statements. In our opinion, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals)
considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. The results of operations for the interim periods reported herein
are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full year. We have evaluated all subsequent events through the
date of the filing of this Form 10-Q. These unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and the footnotes thereto included in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016. 

Our consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of (i) Omega, (ii) Omega OP, and (iii) all direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Omega. All intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

8  

Goodwill Impairment  

We assess goodwill
for potential impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or during the year if an event or other circumstance indicates
that we may not be able to recover the carrying amount of the net assets of the reporting unit. In evaluating goodwill for impairment
on an interim basis, we assess qualitative factors  such as a  significant
decline in real estate valuations,  current macroeconomic conditions, state
of the equity and capital markets and our overall financial and operating performance  or a significant decline in the value
of our market capitalization, to determine whether it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that
the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. On an annual basis during the fourth quarter of each
fiscal year, or on an interim basis if we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less
than its carrying value, we perform a two-step goodwill impairment test to identify potential impairment and measure the amount
of impairment we will recognize, if any. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 

Asset Impairment  

Management evaluates
our real estate investments for impairment indicators at each reporting period, including the evaluation of our assets  useful
lives. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based on factors such as, but not limited to, market conditions,
operator performance, legal structure, as well as our intent with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. If indicators of
impairment are present, management evaluates the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future
undiscounted cash flows of the underlying facilities. Provisions for impairment losses related to long-lived assets are recognized
when expected future undiscounted cash flows based on our intended use of the property are determined to be less than the carrying
values of the assets. An adjustment is made to the net carrying value of the real estate investments for the excess of carrying
value over fair value. The fair value of the real estate investment is determined by market research, which includes valuing the
property as a nursing home as well as other alternative uses. All impairments are taken as a period cost at that time, and depreciation
is adjusted going forward to reflect the new value assigned to the asset. Management s impairment evaluation process, and
when applicable, impairment calculations involve estimation of the future cash flows from management s intended use of the
property. Changes in the facts and circumstances that drive management s assumptions may result in an impairment of the Company s
assets in a future period that could be material to the Company s results of operations. 

If we decide to sell
real estate properties or land holdings, we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying amounts of the assets. If the evaluation
indicates that the carrying value is not recoverable from estimated net sales proceeds, the property is written down to estimated
fair value less costs to sell. Our estimates of cash flows and fair values of the properties are based on current market conditions
and consider matters such as rental rates and occupancies for comparable properties, recent sales data for comparable properties,
and, where applicable, contracts or the results of negotiations with purchasers or prospective purchasers. 

Redeemable Limited Partnership Unitholder
Interests and Noncontrolling Interests  

As of April 1, 2015
and after giving effect to the Aviv Merger, the Company owned approximately 138.8 million Omega OP Units and Aviv OP owned approximately
52.9 million Omega OP Units. Each of the Omega OP Units (other than the Omega OP Units owned by Omega) is redeemable at the election
of the Omega OP Unit holder for cash equal to the then-fair market value of one share of Omega common stock, par value $0.10 per
share ( Omega Common Stock ), subject to the Company s election to exchange the Omega OP Units tendered for redemption
for shares of Omega Common Stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth in the Partnership Agreement, in an
unregistered transaction. 

Effective June 30,
2015, the Company (through Merger Sub, in its capacity as the general partner of Aviv OP) caused Aviv OP to make a distribution
of Omega OP Units held by Aviv OP (or equivalent value) to Aviv OP investors (the  Aviv OP Distribution ) in connection
with the liquidation of Aviv OP. As a result of the Aviv OP Distribution, Omega directly and indirectly owned approximately 95%
of the outstanding Omega OP Units, and the other investors owned approximately 5% of the outstanding Omega OP Units. As a part
of the Aviv OP Distribution, Omega settled approximately 0.2 million units via cash settlement. As of September 30, 2016, Omega
directly and indirectly owns approximately 96% of the outstanding Omega OP Units, and the other investors own approximately 4%
of the outstanding Omega OP Units. 

9  

Noncontrolling Interests  

Noncontrolling interests
is the portion of equity in the Omega OP not attributable to the Company. We present the portion of any equity that we do not own
in consolidated entities as noncontrolling interests and classify those interests as a component of total equity, separate from
total stockholders  equity, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We include net income attributable to the noncontrolling
interests in net income in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

As our ownership of
a controlled subsidiary increases or decreases, any difference between the aggregate consideration paid to acquire the noncontrolling
interests and our noncontrolling interest balance is recorded as a component of equity in additional paid-in capital, so long as
we maintain a controlling ownership interest. 

Foreign Operations  

The U.S. dollar is
the functional currency for our consolidated subsidiaries operating in the United States. The functional currency for our consolidated
subsidiaries operating in countries other than the United States is the principal currency in which the entity primarily generates
and expends cash. For our consolidated subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, we translate their financial
statements into the U.S. dollar. We translate assets and liabilities at the exchange rate in effect as of the financial statement
date. Revenue and expense accounts are translated using an average exchange rate for the period. Gains and losses resulting from
translation are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss ( AOCL ), as a separate component of equity and a
proportionate amount of gain or loss is allocated to noncontrolling interest. 

We and certain of our
consolidated subsidiaries may have intercompany and third-party debt that is not denominated in the entity s functional currency.
When the debt is remeasured against the functional currency of the entity, a gain or loss can result. The resulting adjustment
is reflected in results of operations, unless it is intercompany debt that is deemed to be long-term in nature and then the adjustments
are included in AOCL. 

Derivative Instruments  

During our normal course
of business, we may use certain types of derivative instruments for the purpose of managing interest rate and currency risk. To
qualify for hedge accounting, derivative instruments used for risk management purposes must effectively reduce the risk exposure
that they are designed to hedge. In addition, at the inception of a qualifying cash flow hedging relationship, the underlying transaction
or transactions, must be, and are expected to remain, probable of occurring in accordance with the Company s related assertions.
The Company recognizes all derivative instruments, including embedded derivatives required to be bifurcated, as assets or liabilities
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at their fair value which are determined using a market approach and Level 2 inputs. Changes
in the fair value of derivative instruments that are not designated in hedging relationships or that do not meet the criteria of
hedge accounting are recognized in earnings. For derivatives designated as qualifying cash flow hedging relationships, the change
in fair value of the effective portion of the derivatives is recognized in AOCL as a separate component of equity and a proportionate
amount of gain or loss is allocated to noncontrolling interest, whereas the change in fair value of the ineffective portion is
recognized in earnings. We formally document all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as our risk-management
objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes designating all derivatives that are
part of a hedging relationship to specific forecasted transactions as well as recognized obligations or assets in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. We also assess and document, both at inception of the hedging relationship and on a quarterly basis thereafter,
whether the derivatives are highly effective in offsetting the designated risks associated with the respective hedged items. If
it is determined that a derivative ceases to be highly effective as a hedge, or that it is probable the underlying forecasted transaction
will not occur, we discontinue hedge accounting prospectively and record the appropriate adjustment to earnings based on the current
fair value of the derivative. As a matter of policy, we do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $12.8 million and $0.7 million, respectively, of qualifying cash flow hedges recorded at
fair value in accrued expenses and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

10  

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable
includes: contractual receivables, effective yield interest receivables, straight-line rent receivables and lease inducements,
net of an estimated provision for losses related to uncollectible and disputed accounts. Contractual receivables relate to the
amounts currently owed to us under the terms of our lease and loan agreements. Effective yield interest receivables relate to the
difference between the interest income recognized on an effective yield basis over the term of the loan agreement and the interest
currently due to us according to the contractual agreement. Straight-line receivables relate to the difference between the rental
revenue recognized on a straight-line basis and the amounts currently due to us according to the contractual agreement. Lease inducements
result from value provided by us to the lessee, at the inception or renewal of the lease, and are amortized as a reduction of rental
revenue over the non-cancellable lease term. 

On a quarterly basis,
we review our accounts receivable to determine their collectability. The determination of collectability of these assets requires
significant judgment and is affected by several factors relating to the credit quality of our operators that we regularly monitor,
including (i) payment history, (ii) the age of the contractual receivables, (iii) the current economic conditions and reimbursement
environment, (iv) the ability of the tenant to perform under the terms of their lease and/or contractual loan agreements and (v)
the value of the underlying collateral of the agreement.  If we determine collectability of any of our contractual receivables
is at risk, we estimate the potential uncollectible amounts and provide an allowance. In the case of a lease recognized on a straight-line
basis, a mortgage recognized on an effective yield basis or the existence of lease inducements, we generally provide an allowance
for straight-line, effective interest, and or lease inducement accounts receivable when certain conditions or indicators of adverse
collectability are present. If the accounts receivable balance is subsequently deemed uncollectible, the receivable and allowance
for doubtful account balance are written off. 

A summary of our net
receivables by type is as follows: 

In the first quarter
of 2016, we entered into agreements to transition 27 facilities from one of our former operators to a current operator. As a result
of the transition, we wrote off approximately $3.4 million of straight line receivable from the former operator. 

Related Party Transactions  

The Company has a policy
which generally requires related party transactions to be approved or ratified by the Audit Committee. On February 1, 2016, we
acquired 10 SNFs from Laurel Healthcare Holdings, Inc. ( Laurel ) for approximately $169.0 million in cash and leased
them to an unrelated existing operator. A former member of the Board of Directors of the Company, together with certain members
of his immediate family, beneficially owned approximately 34% of the equity of Laurel prior to the transaction. Immediately following
our acquisition, the unrelated existing operator acquired all of the outstanding equity interests of Laurel, including the interests
previously held by the former director of the Company and his family. 

11  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which outlines a comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting
for revenue arising from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 states that  an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services.  While ASU 2014-09 specifically references contracts with customers, it may apply
to certain other transactions such as the sale of real estate or equipment. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning
January 1, 2018. In addition, the FASB has begun to issue targeted updates to clarify specific implementation issues of ASU 2014-09.
These updates include ASU 2016-08,  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net),  ASU
2016-10,  Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,  and ASU 2016-12,  Narrow-Scope Improvements
and Practical Expedients.  The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of ASU 2014-09 and its related updates and will
be closely monitoring developments and additional guidance to determine the potential impact of the new standard. The Company intends
to adopt ASU 2014-09 and its subsequent updates retrospectively. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-09 and its updates to
have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements, as a substantial portion of our revenue consists of rental
income from leasing arrangements and interest income from loan arrangements, both of which are specifically excluded from ASU 2014-09. 

In February 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02 ), which amends certain
requirements for determining whether a variable interest entity must be consolidated. The amendments in ASU 2015-02 are effective
for annual and interim reporting periods of public entities beginning after December 31, 2015 and were adopted by the Company
during the quarter ended March 31, 2016. The effect of this guidance was immaterial to the Company s consolidated results
of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

In January 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall  ( ASU 2016 01 ), which makes limited amendments
to the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The new standard significantly revises
an entity's accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation
of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. It also amends certain disclosure requirements
associated with the fair value of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods therein. Early adoption is permitted specifically for the amendments pertaining to the presentation
of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. Early adoption of all other amendments is not permitted.
Upon adoption, the Company will be required to make a cumulative-effect adjustment to the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of the
beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting
ASU 2016-01 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ), which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting,
including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting.
ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019. Early adoption of ASU 2016-02 as of its issuance is permitted.
The new standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date
of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU
2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 amends the
accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity
or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods
of public entities beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of
adopting ASU 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 

12  

In June 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326 ) ( ASU 2016-13 ), which changes the
impairment model for most financial assets. The new model uses a forward-looking expected loss method, which will generally result
in earlier recognition of allowances for losses. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December
15, 2019 and early adoption is permitted for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating
the impact of adopting ASU 2016-13 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU
2016-15 ) .  ASU 2016-15 eliminates the diversity in practice related to the classification of certain cash receipts
and payments for debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, the maturing of a zero coupon bond, the settlement of contingent liabilities
arising from a business combination, proceeds from insurance settlements, distributions from certain equity method investees and
beneficial interests obtained in a financial asset securitization. ASU 2016-15 designates the appropriate cash flow classification,
including requirements to allocate certain components of these cash receipts and payments among operating, investing and financing
activities. The retrospective transition method, requiring adjustment to all comparative periods presented, is required unless
it is impracticable for some of the amendments, in which case those amendments would be applied prospectively as of the earliest
date practicable. ASU No. 2016-15 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption
is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-15 on our consolidated financial statements. 

NOTE 2   PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENTS  

In the ordinary course
of our business activities, we periodically evaluate investment opportunities and extend credit to customers. We also regularly
engage in lease, and or loan extensions and modifications. Additionally, we actively monitor and manage our investment portfolio
with the objectives of improving credit quality and increasing investment returns. In connection with our portfolio management,
we may engage in various collection and foreclosure activities. 

Leased Property  

Our real estate properties,
represented by 816 SNFs, 101 assisted living facilities ( ALFs ), 16 specialty facilities and one medical office building
at September 30, 2016, are leased under provisions of single or master leases with initial terms typically ranging from five to
15 years, plus renewal options. Substantially all of our leases contain provisions for specified annual increases over the rents
of the prior year and are generally computed in one of three methods depending on specific provisions of each lease as follows:
(i) a specific annual percentage increase over the prior year s rent, generally 2.5%; (ii) an increase based on the change
in pre-determined formulas from year to year (e.g., such as increases in the Consumer Price Index ( CPI )); or (iii)
specific dollar increases over prior years. Under the terms of the leases, the lessee is responsible for all maintenance, repairs,
taxes and insurance on the leased properties. 

13  

The following table
summarizes the significant acquisitions that occurred in 2016. 

(1)  The Company estimated the fair value of the assets acquired on the acquisition date based on certain
valuation analyses that have yet to be finalized, and accordingly, the assets acquired, as detailed, are subject to adjustment
once the analysis is completed.   

(2)  The Company s investment includes a purchase option buyout obligation with a fair value of
approximately $29.6 million. The future buyout obligation is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities on our Consolidated
Balance Sheet. The Company also acquired a term loan with a fair value of approximately $37.0 million which is recorded in other
investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Refer to Note   5 Other Investments.   

(3)  Acquired from a related party. Refer to Note   1 Related Party Transactions.   

(4)  Omega also recorded a deferred tax asset of approximately $1.9 million in connection with the acquisition.   

(5)  The Company paid $63.0 million in cash at closing to acquire the facilities. We have agreed to
pay an additional $1.5 million in April 2017 and the remaining $1.5 million in April 2018. The additional consideration to be paid
is contractually determined and not contingent on other factors. The $3.0 million liability is recorded in unsecured borrowings
  net on our Consolidated Balance Sheet.   

(6)  The Company paid approximately $3.5 million in cash to acquire the facility. The remainder of the
purchase price (approximately $5.5 million) was funded with the redemption of an other investment note.   

During 2016, the Company
also acquired three parcels of land which are not reflected in the table above for approximately $5.9 million with the intent of
building new facilities for existing operators. 

Aviv Merger  

On April 1, 2015, Omega
completed the Aviv Merger, which was structured as a stock-for-stock merger. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each outstanding
share of Aviv common stock was converted into 0.90 of a share of Omega common stock. In connection with the Aviv Merger, Omega
issued approximately 43.7 million shares of common stock to former Aviv stockholders. As a result of the Aviv Merger, Omega acquired
342 facilities, two facilities subject to direct financing leases, one medical office building, two mortgages and other investments.
Omega also assumed certain outstanding equity awards and other debt and liabilities. Based on the closing price of Omega s
common stock on April 1, 2015, the fair value of the consideration exchanged was approximately $2.3 billion. 

14  

The following table
highlights the final allocation of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration transferred on April 1, 2015 (in
thousands): 

The completion of the final valuation in
the first quarter of 2016 did not result in material changes to our Consolidated Statements of Operations or our Consolidated Balance
Sheets from our preliminary purchase price allocation. 

Pro Forma Acquisition Results  

The facilities acquired in 2015 are included
in our results of operations from the dates of acquisition. The following unaudited pro forma results of operations reflect the
impact of those acquisitions as if they occurred on January 1, 2015. For a list of the 2015 transactions, refer to Note 3  
Properties in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016. In the opinion of management, all significant
necessary adjustments to reflect the effect of the acquisitions have been made. 

Asset Sales, Impairments and Other  

During the first quarter of 2016, we recorded
approximately $34.6 million of impairments on 14 facilities located in six states. We reduced their net book values to their estimated
fair value less costs to sell and reclassified them to assets held for sale in the first quarter of 2016. To estimate the fair
value of the facilities, we utilized a market approach and Level 3 inputs (which generally consist of non-binding offers from unrelated
third parties). In addition, we sold two SNFs (previously classified as held-for-sale) for approximately $2.4 million in net proceeds
recognizing a gain of approximately $1.6 million. See Note 6   Assets Held For Sale for details. 

15  

During the second quarter
of 2016, we sold 11 facilities for approximately $41.4 million in net proceeds recognizing a gain of approximately $13.2 million.
Seven of the sold facilities were previously classified as held-for-sale. In addition, we recorded approximately $6.9 million of
impairments on 15 facilities of which 12 were classified as held for sale as of June 30, 2016. We reduced their net book values
to their estimated fair value less costs to sell. To estimate the fair value of the facilities, we utilized a market approach and
Level 3 inputs (which generally consist of non-binding offers from unrelated third parties). See Note 6   Assets Held For
Sale for details. 

During the third quarter
of 2016, we sold six facilities for approximately $21.0 million in net proceeds recognizing a gain of approximately $5.1 million.
One of the sold facilities was previously classified as held-for-sale. In addition, we recorded approximately $17.3 million of
impairments on 12 facilities of which 10 are classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2016. We reduced their net book values
to their estimated fair value less costs to sell. To estimate the fair value of the facilities, we utilized a market approach and
Level 3 inputs (which generally consist of non-binding offers from unrelated third parties). See Note 6   Assets Held For
Sale for details. 

Our recorded impairments
were primarily the result of a decision to exit certain non-strategic facilities and operators primarily related to facilities
acquired in the Aviv Merger. 

NOTE 3   DIRECT FINANCING LEASES  

The components of investments in direct
financing leases consist of the following: 

New Ark Investment Inc.  

On November 27, 2013,
we closed an aggregate $529 million purchase/leaseback transaction in connection with the acquisition of Ark Holding Company, Inc.
( Ark Holding ) by 4 West Holdings Inc. At closing, we acquired 55 SNFs and 1 ALF operated by Ark Holding and leased
the facilities back to Ark Holding, now known as New Ark Investment Inc. ( New Ark ), pursuant to four 50-year master
leases with rental payments yielding 10.6% per annum over the term of the leases. The purchase/leaseback transaction is being accounted
for as a direct financing lease. 

The lease agreements
allow the tenant the right to purchase the facilities for a bargain purchase price plus closing costs at the end of the lease term.
In addition, commencing in the 41st year of each lease, the tenant will have the right to prepay the remainder of its obligations
thereunder for an amount equal to the sum of the unamortized portion of the original aggregate $529 million investment plus the
net present value of the remaining payments under the lease and closing costs. In the event the tenant exercises either of these
options, we have the right to purchase the properties for fair value at the time. 

The 56 facilities represent
5,623 licensed beds located in 12 states, predominantly in the southeastern United States. The 56 facilities are separated by region
and divided amongst four cross-defaulted master leases. The four regions include the Southeast (39 facilities), the Northwest (7
facilities), Texas (9 facilities) and Indiana (1 facility). 

16  

Additionally, we own
four facilities and lease them to New Ark under a master lease which expires in 2026. The four facility lease is
being accounted for as an operating lease. 

Aviv Merger  

On April 1, 2015, we acquired two additional
direct financing leases as a result of the Aviv Merger. 

As of September 30,
2016, the following minimum rents are due under our direct financing leases for the next five years (in thousands): 

NOTE 4   MORTGAGE NOTES RECEIVABLE  

As of September 30,
2016, mortgage notes receivable relate to 24 fixed rate mortgages on 47 long-term care facilities. The mortgage notes are secured
by first mortgage liens on the borrowers' underlying real estate and personal property. The mortgage notes receivable relate to
facilities located in ten states, operated by eight independent healthcare operating companies. We monitor compliance with mortgages
and when necessary have initiated collection, foreclosure and other proceedings with respect to certain outstanding loans. 

Mortgage interest income
is recognized as earned over the terms of the related mortgage notes, using the effective yield method. Allowances are provided
against earned revenues from mortgage interest when collection of amounts due becomes questionable or when negotiations for restructurings
of troubled operators lead to lower expectations regarding ultimate collection. When collection is uncertain, mortgage interest
income on impaired mortgage loans is recognized as received after taking into account the application of security deposits. 

The outstanding principal
amounts of mortgage notes receivable, net of allowances, were as follows: 

The following is a
brief overview of certain mortgages entered into, acquired or assumed in 2016 or significant changes to mortgages previously reported. 

Conversion of Mortgage Notes due 2046
to Leased Properties  

In January 2016, we acquired three facilities
via a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure from a mortgagor. The fair value of the facilities approximated the $25 million carrying value
of the mortgages. These facilities have 352 operating beds and are located in Maryland. Simultaneously we leased these facilities
to an existing operator. 

17  

Mortgage Notes Payoff  

On April 29, 2016,
an existing operator exercised an option to repay their mortgage notes. We received proceeds of approximately $47.8 million for
the mortgage notes due. In connection with the repayment of the mortgage notes we recognized a net gain of approximately $5.4 million
which is recorded in mortgage interest income on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

NOTE 5   OTHER INVESTMENTS  

A summary of our other investments is as
follows: 

The following is a
brief overview of certain notes entered into or repaid in 2016. 

Other Investment notes due 2017  

On February 1, 2016,
we provided an operator a $15.0 million secured working capital note. The working capital note bears interest at 8.5% and matures
in July 2017. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $2.6 million has been drawn and remains outstanding. 

On March 1, 2016, we
provided an operator a $15.0 million secured working capital note. The working capital note bears interest at 8.5% and matures
in March 2017. As of September 30, 2016, approximately $10.3 million has been drawn and remains outstanding. 

Other Investment note due 2019  

On February 26, 2016,
we acquired and funded a $50.0 million mezzanine note at a discount of approximately $0.75 million to a new operator. The mezzanine
note bears interest at 10.50% and matures in February 2019. 

Other Investment note due 2020  

On July 29, 2016, we
provided an existing operator $48.0 million of term loan funding. The term loan bears interest at 14% per annum (LIBOR with a floor
of 1% plus 13%) and matures on July 29, 2020. The term loan requires monthly principal payments of $0.25 million through July 2019,
and $0.5 million from August 2019 through maturity. In addition, a portion of the monthly interest may be accrued to the outstanding
principal balance of the loan. 

18  

Other Investment notes due 2022  

On September 30, 2016,
we acquired and amended a term loan with a fair value of approximately $37.0 million with an existing operator. A $5.0 million
tranche of the term loan bears interest at 13% and matures on September 30, 2019 and a $32.0 million tranche of the term loan bears
interest at 9% and matures on March 31, 2022. 

Other Investment note due 2028  

On March 1, 2016, we
provided an operator a $20.0 million acquisition note. The acquisition note bears interest at 8.5% (increasing annually by 2.5%)
and matures in March 2028. 

Other Investment notes due 2022 and
2023 Payoff  

On April 29, 2016,
an existing operator of Omega exercised its option to pay off a working capital note due in 2022 and ten working capital notes
due in 2023, for approximately $7.6 million. 

NOTE 6   ASSETS HELD FOR SALE  

(1)   In the first quarter of 2016, we sold two SNFs for approximately $2.4 million in net proceeds recognizing
a gain on sale of approximately $1.6 million. In the second quarter of 2016, we sold seven SNFs for approximately $39.2 million
in net proceeds generating a gain on sale of approximately $12.5 million. We also recorded approximately $3.4 million of impairments
on 12 facilities to reduce their net book values to their estimated fair value less costs to sell. In the third quarter of 2016,
we sold one closed SNF for approximately $0.3 million in net proceeds. Two SNFs and one ALF classified as assets held for sale
in the second quarter were no longer considered held for sale and were reclassified in the third quarter back to leased properties
at their fair values (approximately $7.0 million). In addition, we recorded approximately $1.5 million of impairments on four facilities
in the third quarter to further reduce their net book values to their estimated fair value less costs to sell.   

(2)   In the first quarter of 2016, we reclassified eight ALFs and 16 SNFs located in six states to assets
held for sale. We recorded approximately $34.6 million of impairment charges on 14 of these facilities to reduce their net book
values to their estimated fair value less costs to sell. In the second quarter of 2016, we reclassified three SNFs and one ALF
to assets held for sale with total carrying value of $7.2 million. In the third quarter of 2016, we reclassified 12 SNFs and one
ALF to assets held for sale. In the third quarter, we recorded approximately $14.8 million of impairment charges on six of these
facilities to reduce their net book values to their estimated fair value less costs to sell.   

19  

NOTE 7   INTANGIBLES  

The following is a summary of
our intangibles as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 : 

Goodwill was recorded
in connection with the Aviv Merger and Care Homes Transaction (refer to Note 3   Properties in our Current Report on Form
8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016) and is shown as a separate line on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Above market leases
and in-place leases, net of accumulated amortization, are included in other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Below market
leases, net of accumulated amortization, are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The net amortization related to the above and below market leases is included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as an
adjustment to rental income. 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our net amortization related to intangibles was $3.0 million and $1.4 million, respectively.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our net amortization related to intangibles was $11.0 million and $4.3 million,
respectively. The estimated net amortization related to these intangibles for the remainder of 2016 and the subsequent four years
is as follows: remainder of 2016   $3.0 million; 2017   $11.7 million; 2018   $10.5 million; 2019   $9.4
million and 2020   $9.2 million. As of September 30, 2016 the weighted average remaining amortization period of above market
leases (inclusive of in-place leases) and below market leases is approximately eight years and 10 years, respectively. 

The following is a
reconciliation of our goodwill as of September 30, 2016: 

20  

NOTE 8   CONCENTRATION OF RISK  

As of September 30,
2016, our portfolio of real estate investments consisted of 1,014 healthcare facilities, located in 42 states and the United Kingdom
and operated by 81 third party operators. Our gross investment in these facilities, net of impairments and before reserve for uncollectible
loans, totaled approximately $8.9 billion at September 30, 2016, with approximately 99% of our real estate investments related
to long-term care facilities. Our portfolio is made up of 816 SNFs, 101 ALFs, 16 specialty facilities, one medical office building,
fixed rate mortgages on 44 SNFs and two ALFs, and 34 facilities that are closed/held-for-sale. At September 30, 2016, we also held
miscellaneous investments of approximately $277.3 million, consisting primarily of secured loans to third-party operators of our
facilities. 

At September 30, 2016,
the three states in which we had our highest concentration of investments were Ohio (10%), Florida (9%) and Texas (9%). No single
operator or manager generated more than 10% of our total revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

NOTE 9   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

On October 13, 2016,
the Board of Directors declared a common stock dividend of $0.61 per share, increasing the quarterly common dividend rate by $0.01
per share over the previous quarter, to be paid November 15, 2016 to common stockholders of record as of the close of business
on October 31, 2016. 

On July 14, 2016, the
Board of Directors declared a common stock dividend of $0.60 per share, increasing the quarterly common dividend rate by $0.02
per share over the prior quarter. The common dividends were paid on August 15, 2016 to common stockholders of record as of the
close of business on August 1, 2016. 

On April 14, 2016,
the Board of Directors declared a common stock dividend of $0.58 per share, increasing the quarterly common dividend by $0.01 per
share over the prior quarter. The common dividends were paid May 16, 2016 to common stockholders of record on May 2, 2016. 

On January 14, 2016,
the Board of Directors declared a common stock dividend of $0.57 per share, increasing the quarterly common dividend by $0.01 per
share over the previous quarter. The common dividends were paid February 16, 2016 to common stockholders of record as of February
2, 2016. 

Dividend Reinvestment and Common Stock
Purchase Plan  

For the three-month period ended September
30, 2016, approximately 4.0 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $34.38 per share were issued through our
Dividend Reinvestment and Common Stock Purchase Program for gross proceeds of approximately $136.6 million. For the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, approximately 6.9 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $33.49 per share were
issued through our Dividend Reinvestment and Common Stock Purchase Program for gross proceeds of approximately $230.1 million. 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss  

The following is a summary of our accumulated
other comprehensive loss, net of tax where applicable: 

21  

NOTE 10   TAXES  

Since our inception,
we have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (the  Code ). A
REIT is generally not subject to federal income tax on that portion of its REIT taxable income which is distributed to its stockholders,
provided that at least 90% of such taxable income is distributed each tax year and certain other requirements are met, including
asset and income tests. So long as we qualify as a REIT under the Code, we generally will not be subject to federal income taxes
on the REIT taxable income that we distribute to stockholders, subject to certain exceptions. 

If the Company fails
to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company will be subject to federal income taxes on its taxable income at regular
corporate rates and dividends paid to our stockholders will not be deductible by us in computing taxable income. Further, we will
not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year in which
qualification is denied, unless the Internal Revenue Service grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Failing to qualify
as a REIT could materially and adversely affect the Company s net income; however, we believe we are organized and operate
in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT. On a quarterly and annual basis, we test our compliance within the REIT
taxation rules to ensure that we are in compliance with the REIT rules. We review our distributions and projected distributions
each year to ensure we have met and will continue to meet the annual REIT distribution requirements. In 2016, we expect to distribute
dividends in excess of our taxable income. 

As a result of our UPREIT
Conversion, our Company and its subsidiaries may be subject to income or franchise taxes in certain states and municipalities.
Also, as a result of our UPREIT Conversion, we created five wholly owned subsidiary REITs that are subject to all of the REIT qualification
rules set forth in the Code. In December 2015, we merged the five wholly owned subsidiary REITs into one wholly owned subsidiary
REIT which is subject to all of the REIT qualification rules set forth in the Code. 

Subject to the limitation
under the REIT asset test rules, we are permitted to own up to 100% of the stock of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRSs ).
We have elected for two of our active subsidiaries to be treated as TRSs. One of our TRSs is subject to federal, state and local
income taxes at the applicable corporate rates and the other is subject to foreign income taxes. As of September 30, 2016, our
TRS that is subject to federal, state and local income taxes at the applicable corporate rates had a net operating loss carry-forward
of approximately $0.8 million. The loss carry-forward is fully reserved as of September 30, 2016 with a valuation allowance due
to uncertainties regarding realization. 

During the third quarter
of 2016, we recorded approximately $0.3 million of state and local income tax provision and approximately $0.2 million of tax benefit
for foreign income taxes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded approximately $0.8 million of state and local
income tax provision and approximately $35,000 of tax benefit for foreign income taxes. 

NOTE 11   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

The following is a
summary of our stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively: 

22  

Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units   

Restricted stock and
restricted stock units ( RSUs ) are subject to forfeiture if the holder s service to us terminates prior to vesting,
subject to certain exceptions for certain qualifying terminations of employment or a change in control of the Company. Prior to
vesting, ownership of the shares/units cannot be transferred. Restricted stock has the same dividend and voting rights as our common
stock. RSUs accrue dividend equivalents but have no voting rights. Restricted stock and RSUs are valued at the price of our common
stock on the date of grant. We expense the cost of these awards ratably over their vesting period. 

The RSUs assumed from
Aviv as part of the Aviv Merger were valued at the closing price of our stock on the date of the transaction. The portion of the
vesting accruing prior to the acquisition was recorded as part of the purchase price consideration. The expense associated with
the vesting that will occur after the date of the transaction is being recorded as stock compensation expense ratably over the
remaining life of the RSUs. 

We awarded 131,006 RSUs to employees on
March 17, 2016. 

Performance Restricted Stock Units and LTIP Units   

Performance restricted stock units ( PRSUs )
and long term incentive plan units ( LTIP Units ) are subject to forfeiture if the performance requirements are not
achieved or if the holder s service to us terminates prior to vesting, subject to certain exceptions for certain qualifying
terminations of employment or a change in control of the Company. The PRSUs and the LTIP Units have varying degrees of performance
requirements to be earned and vested, and each PRSU and LTIP Units award represents the right to a variable number of shares of
common stock or partnership units. Each LTIP Unit once earned and vested is convertible into one Omega OP Unit in Omega OP, subject
to certain conditions. The earning requirements are based on either the (i) total shareholder return ( TSR ) of Omega
or (ii) Omega s TSR relative to other real estate investment trusts in the MSCI U.S. REIT Index or FTSE NAREIT Equity Health
Care Index TSR (both  Relative TSR ). Vesting in general requires that the employee remain employed by us until the
date specified in the applicable PRSU or LTIP agreement, which may be later than the date that the TSR or Relative TSR requirements
are satisfied. We expense the cost of these awards ratably over their service period. 

Prior to vesting and the distribution of
shares, ownership of the PRSUs cannot be transferred. Dividend equivalents on the PRSUs accumulate and with respect to PRSUs granted
before 2015 are paid when the PRSUs vest and with respect to PRSUs granted in 2015 or later are paid once the PRSUs are earned.
While each LTIP Unit is unearned, the employee receives a partnership distribution equal to 10% of the quarterly approved regular
periodic distributions per Omega OP Unit. The remaining partnership distributions (which in the case of normal periodic distributions
is equal to the total approved quarterly dividend on Omega s common stock) on the LTIP Units accumulate, and if the LTIP
Units are earned, the accumulated distributions are paid. 

The number of shares
or units earned under the TSR PRSUs or LTIP Units depends generally on the level of achievement of Omega s TSR over the indicated
performance period. We awarded 372,069 LTIP Units to employees on March 17, 2016. 

The number of shares
earned under the Relative TSR PRSUs depends generally on the level of achievement of Omega s TSR relative to other real estate
investment trusts in the MSCI U.S. REIT Index or FTSE NAREIT Equity Health Care Index TSR over the performance period indicated.
We awarded 307,480 Relative TSR PRSUs to employees on March 17, 2016. 

23  

The following table
summarizes our total unrecognized compensation cost as of September 30, 2016 associated with restricted stock, restricted stock
units, PRSU awards, and LTIP Unit awards to employees: 

(1)  Shares/units are net of shares cancelled.   

(2)  Total compensation costs are net of shares cancelled.   

24  

Director Restricted Stock Grants  

As of September 30,
2016, we had 54,999 shares of restricted stock outstanding to directors. The directors  restricted shares are scheduled to
vest over the next three years. As of September 30, 2016, the unrecognized compensation cost associated with outstanding director
restricted stock grants is approximately $1.7 million. 

NOTE 12   BORROWING ACTIVITIES AND ARRANGEMENTS  

Secured and Unsecured Borrowings  

The following is a summary of our borrowings: 

(1)   Reflects the weighted average annual contractual interest rate on the mortgages at September 30, 2016 excluding a third-party
administration fee of approximately 0.5% annually. Secured by real estate assets with a net carrying value of $66.7 million as
of September 30, 2016.   

25  

Certain of our other
secured and unsecured borrowings are subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all affirmative and negative covenants, including financial
covenants, for our secured and unsecured borrowings. 

Mortgage Term Loan   

As a result of the
Aviv Merger in April 2015, we acquired two subsidiaries that were borrowers under a $180.0 million mortgage term loan secured by
mortgages on 28 healthcare facilities owned by one of the borrowers. On July 25, 2016, we purchased the $180.0 million mortgage
term loan, effectively eliminating the debt on our consolidated financial statements. The term loan was secured by real estate
assets having a net carrying value of $290.5 million at June 30, 2016. The interest rate was based on LIBOR, with a floor of 50
basis points, plus a margin of 350 basis points. The interest rate at June 30, 2016 was 4.13%. We paid $180.0 million plus a 1%
premium to purchase the debt. 

Bank Credit Facilities   

On January 29, 2016,
we amended our Omega Credit Facilities (as defined below) to add a $350 million senior unsecured incremental term loan facility.
As a result of the amendment, the Omega Credit Facilities now include a $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility
(the  Revolving Credit Facility ), a $200 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the  Tranche A-1 Term
Loan Facility ), a $200 million senior unsecured incremental term loan facility (the  Tranche A-2 Term Loan Facility )
and a $350 million senior unsecured incremental term loan facility (the  Tranche A-3 Term Loan Facility  and, together
with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Tranche A-1 Term Loan Facility and the Tranche A-2 Term Loan Facility, collectively, the
 Omega Credit Facilities ). The Tranche A-1 Term Loan Facility, the Tranche A-2 Term Loan Facility and the Tranche
A-3 Term Loan Facility may be referred to collectively herein as the  Omega Term Loan Facilities . 

The Tranche A-3 Term Loan Facility bears
interest at LIBOR plus an applicable percentage (beginning at 150 basis points, with a range of 100 to 195 basis points) based
on our ratings from Standard   Poor s, Moody s and/or Fitch Ratings. The Tranche A-3 Term Loan Facility matures
on January 29, 2021. 

$700 Million 4.5% Senior Notes due
2023   

On July 12, 2016, we issued $700 million
aggregate principal amount of our 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 (the  2023 Notes ). The 2023 Notes were sold at an issue
price of 99.739% of their face value before the underwriters  discount. Our net proceeds from the offering, after deducting
underwriting discounts and expenses, were approximately $692.0 million. The net proceeds from the offering were used to repay outstanding
borrowings under our revolving credit facility, to purchase the $180.0 million mortgage term loan and for general corporate purposes. 

26  

NOTE 13   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS  

At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the carrying amounts and fair values of our financial instruments were as follows: 

Fair value estimates are subjective in nature
and are dependent on a number of important assumptions, including estimates of future cash flows, risks, discount rates and relevant
comparable market information associated with each financial instrument (see Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016). The use of different market assumptions and estimation
methodologies may have a material effect on the reported estimated fair value amounts. 

The following methods
and assumptions were used in estimating fair value disclosures for financial instruments. 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash: The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
and restricted cash reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these
instruments (i.e., less than 90 days) (Level 1).   

Direct financing leases: The fair value of the investments in direct financing leases are estimated
using a discounted cash flow analysis, using interest rates being offered for similar leases to borrowers with similar credit ratings
(Level 3).   

Mortgage notes receivable: The fair value of the mortgage notes receivables are estimated using
a discounted cash flow analysis, using interest rates being offered for similar loans to borrowers with similar credit ratings
(Level 3).   

27  

Other investments: Other investments are primarily comprised of notes receivable. The fair values
of notes receivable are estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis, using interest rates being offered for similar loans to
borrowers with similar credit ratings (Level 3).   

Revolving line of credit and term loans: The fair value of our borrowings under variable rate agreements
are estimated using a present value technique based on expected cash flows discounted using the current market rates (Level 3).   

Senior notes and subordinated debt: The fair value of our borrowings under fixed rate agreements
are estimated using a present value technique based on inputs from trading activity provided by a third party (Level 2).   

HUD debt: The fair value of our borrowings under HUD debt agreements are estimated using an expected
present value technique based on quotes obtained by HUD debt brokers (Level 2).   

NOTE 14   LITIGATION  

We are subject to various
legal proceedings, claims and other actions arising out of the normal course of business. While any legal proceeding or claim has
an element of uncertainty, management believes that the outcome of each lawsuit, claim or legal proceeding that is pending or threatened,
or all of them combined, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

NOTE 15   EARNINGS PER SHARE  

The computation of
basic earnings per share ( EPS ) is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the relevant period. Diluted EPS is computed using the treasury stock method,
which is net income divided by the total weighted-average number of common outstanding shares plus the effect of dilutive common
equivalent shares during the respective period. Dilutive common shares reflect the assumed issuance of additional common shares
pursuant to certain of our share-based compensation plans, including stock options, restricted stock and performance restricted
stock units and the assumed issuance of additional shares related to Omega OP Units held by outside investors. 

28  

The following tables
set forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share: 

NOTE 16   CONSOLIDATING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

As of September 30,
2016, we had outstanding: (i) $700 million 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023, (ii) $400 million 5.875% Senior Notes due 2024, (iii)
$400 million 4.95% Senior Notes due 2024, (iv) $250 million 4.5% Senior Notes due 2025, (v) $600 million 5.25% Senior Notes due
2026 and (vi) $700 million 4.5% Senior Notes due 2027 (collectively, the  Senior Notes ). The Senior Notes are fully
and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by each of our subsidiaries that guarantee other indebtedness of Omega or
any of the subsidiary guarantors. All of our subsidiaries that guarantee the Senior Notes also guarantee amounts outstanding under
the Omega Credit Facilities and 2015 term loan listed in Note 12   Borrowing Activities and Arrangements. In addition, all
such subsidiary guarantors that are subsidiaries of Omega OP also guarantee amounts outstanding under the Omega OP term loan listed
in Note 12   Borrowing Activities and Arrangements. 

The following summarized
condensed consolidating financial information segregates the financial information of the non-guarantor subsidiaries from the financial
information of Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. and the subsidiary guarantors under the Senior Notes. Our non-guarantor subsidiaries
include, among others, all subsidiaries securing secured debt that is currently outstanding and our U.K. subsidiaries. The results
and financial position of acquired entities are included from the dates of their respective acquisitions. 

The 2015 financial
statements presented below have been adjusted to reflect our current guarantor and non-guarantor relationships as of September
30, 2016. 

29  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET  

  Unaudited  

  (in thousands)  

30  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATING BALANCE SHEET  

  (in thousands)  

31  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATING STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  

  Unaudited  

  (in thousands)  

32  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(in thousands)  

33  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  Unaudited (in thousands)  

34  

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATING STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (in thousands)  

35  

Item 2   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-looking Statements, Reimbursement
Issues and Other Factors Affecting Future Results  

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this document, including
statements regarding potential future changes in reimbursement. This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of the federal securities laws. These statements relate to our expectations, beliefs, intentions, plans, objectives, goals, strategies,
future events, performance and underlying assumptions and other statements other than statements of historical facts. In some
cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology including, but not limited to, terms
such as  may,   will,   anticipates,   expects,   believes,   intends, 
 should  or comparable terms or the negative thereof. These statements are based on information available on the date
of this filing and only speak as to the date hereof and no obligation to update such forward-looking statements should be assumed.
Our actual results may differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements contained herein as a result of
a variety of factors, including, among other things:  

(ii)  uncertainties relating to the business operations of the operators of our assets, including those
relating to reimbursement by third-party payors, regulatory matters and occupancy levels;   

(iii)  the ability of any operators in bankruptcy to reject unexpired lease obligations, modify the terms
of our mortgages and impede our ability to collect unpaid rent or interest during the process of a bankruptcy proceeding and retain
security deposits for the debtors  obligations;   

(iv)  our ability to sell closed or foreclosed assets on a timely basis and on terms that allow us to
realize the carrying value of these assets;   

(v)  our ability to manage, re-lease or sell any owned and operated facilities;   

(vi)  the availability and cost of capital to us;   

(vii)  changes in our credit ratings and the ratings of our debt securities;   

(viii)  competition in the financing of healthcare facilities;   

(ix)  regulatory and other changes in the healthcare sector;   

(x)  changes in the financial position of our operators;   

(xi)  the effect of economic and market conditions generally and, particularly, in the healthcare industry;   

(xii)  changes in interest rates;   

(xiii)    the amount and yield of any additional investments;    

(xiv)  changes in tax laws and regulations affecting real estate investment trusts, which we refer to
as REITs;   

(xv)  the possibility that we will not realize estimated synergies or growth as a result of our merger
with Aviv REIT, Inc., which was consummated on April 1, 2015, or that such benefits may take longer to realize than expected;   

(xvi)  the potential impact of changes in the skilled nursing facility ( SNF ) and assisted
living facility ( ALF ) market or local real estate conditions on our ability to dispose of assets held for sale for
the anticipated proceeds or on a timely basis, or to redeploy the proceeds therefrom on favorable terms; and   

(xvii)   our ability to maintain our status as a real estate investment trust.    

Overview  

Omega Healthcare Investors,
Inc. ( Omega,   we,   our  or the  Company ) has one reportable segment consisting
of investments in healthcare-related real estate properties located in the United States and the United Kingdom. Our core business
is to provide financing and capital to the long-term healthcare industry with a particular focus on SNFs. Our core portfolio consists
of long-term leases and mortgage agreements. All of our leases are  triple-net  leases, which require the tenants to
pay all property-related expenses. Our mortgage revenue derives from fixed rate mortgage loans, which are secured by first mortgage
liens on the underlying real estate and personal property of the mortgagor. 

36  

Omega was formed as
a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) and incorporated in the State of Maryland on March 31, 1992. In April 2015,
Aviv REIT Inc., a Maryland corporation ( Aviv ), merged (the  Aviv Merger ) with and into a wholly owned
subsidiary of Omega, pursuant to the terms of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 30, 2014 (the  Merger
Agreement ), by and among the Company, Aviv, OHI Healthcare Properties Holdco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct
wholly-owned subsidiary of Omega ( Merger Sub ), OHI Healthcare Properties Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited
partnership ( Omega OP ), and Aviv Healthcare Properties Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership (the  Aviv
OP ). As a result of the Aviv Merger, Omega acquired 342 facilities, two facilities subject to direct financing leases, one
medical office building, two mortgages and other investments. 

Prior to April 1, 2015
and in accordance with the Merger Agreement, Omega restructured the manner in which it holds its assets by converting to an umbrella
partnership real estate investment trust structure (the  UPREIT Conversion ). As a result of the UPREIT Conversion
and following the consummation of the Aviv Merger, substantially all of the Company s assets are held by Omega OP. 

Omega OP is governed
by the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of OHI Healthcare Properties Limited Partnership, dated as
of April 1, 2015 (the  Partnership Agreement ). Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the Company and Merger Sub are
the general partners of Omega OP, and have exclusive control over Omega OP s day-to-day management. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company owned approximately 96% of the issued and outstanding units of partnership interest in Omega OP ( Omega OP Units ),
and investors owned approximately 4% of the Omega OP Units. 

Our portfolio of real
estate investments at September 30, 2016, consisted of 1,014 healthcare facilities, located in 42 states and the United Kingdom
and operated by 81 third party operators. Our gross investment in these facilities, net of impairments and before reserve for uncollectible
loans, totaled approximately $8.9 billion at September 30, 2016, with approximately 99% of our real estate investments related
to long-term care facilities. Our portfolio is made up of: (i) 816 SNFs, (ii) 101 ALFs, (iii) 16 specialty facilities, (iv) one
medical office building, (v) fixed rate mortgages on 44 SNFs and two ALFs and (vi) 34 facilities that are closed/held-for-sale.
At September 30, 2016, we also held miscellaneous investments of approximately $277.3 million, consisting primarily of secured
loans to third-party operators of our facilities. 

As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 we do not have any material properties or operators with facilities that are not materially occupied. 

Our consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of (i) Omega, (ii) Omega OP, and (iii) all direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of Omega.
All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Taxation  

Since our inception,
we have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the applicable provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (the  Code ). A
REIT is generally not subject to federal income tax on that portion of its REIT taxable income which is distributed to its stockholders,
provided that at least 90% of such taxable income is distributed each tax year and certain other requirements are met, including
asset and income tests. So long as we qualify as a REIT under the Code, we generally will not be subject to federal income taxes
on the REIT taxable income that we distribute to stockholders, subject to certain exceptions. 

If the Company fails
to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, the Company will be subject to federal income taxes on its taxable income at regular
corporate rates and dividends paid to our stockholders will not be deductible by us in computing taxable income. Further, we will
not be permitted to qualify for treatment as a REIT for federal income tax purposes for four years following the year in which
qualification is denied, unless the Internal Revenue Service grants us relief under certain statutory provisions. Failing to qualify
as a REIT could materially and adversely affect the Company s net income; however, we believe we are organized and operate
in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT. On a quarterly and annual basis, we test our compliance within the REIT
taxation rules to ensure that we are in compliance with the REIT rules. We review our distributions and projected distributions
each year to ensure we have met and will continue to meet the annual REIT distribution requirements. In 2016, we expect to distribute
dividends in excess of our taxable income. 

37  

As a result of our
UPREIT Conversion, our Company and its subsidiaries may be subject to income or franchise taxes in certain states and municipalities.
Also, as a result of our UPREIT Conversion, we created five wholly owned subsidiary REITs that are subject to all of the REIT qualification
rules set forth in the Code. In December 2015, we merged the five wholly owned subsidiary REITs into one wholly owned subsidiary
REIT which is subject to all of the REIT qualification rules set forth in the Code. 

Subject to the limitation
under the REIT asset test rules, we are permitted to own up to 100% of the stock of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRSs ).
We have elected for two of our active subsidiaries to be treated as TRSs. One of our TRSs is subject to federal, state and local
income taxes at the applicable corporate rates and the other is subject to foreign income taxes. As of September 30, 2016, our
TRS that is subject to federal, state and local income taxes at the applicable corporate rates had a net operating loss carry-forward
of approximately $0.8 million. The loss carry-forward is fully reserved as of September 30, 2016, with a valuation allowance due
to uncertainties regarding realization. 

During the third quarter
of 2016, we recorded approximately $0.3 million of state and local income tax provision and approximately $0.2 million of tax benefit
for foreign income taxes. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded approximately $0.8 million of state and local
income tax provision and approximately $35,000 of tax benefit for foreign income taxes. 

Government Regulation and Reimbursement  

The healthcare industry
is heavily regulated. Our operators are subject to extensive and complex federal, state and local healthcare laws and regulations.
These laws and regulations are subject to frequent and substantial changes resulting from the adoption of new legislation, rules
and regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations of existing law. The ultimate timing or effect of these changes,
which may be applied retroactively, cannot be predicted. Changes in laws and regulations impacting our operators, in addition to
regulatory non-compliance by our operators, can have a significant effect on the operations and financial condition of our operators,
which in turn may adversely impact us. The following is a discussion of certain laws and regulations generally applicable to our
operators, and in certain cases, to us. 

Healthcare Reform  .
A substantial amount of rules and regulations have been issued under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended
by the Health Care and Education and Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively referred to as the  Healthcare Reform Law ).
We expect additional rules, regulations and interpretations under the Healthcare Reform Law to be issued that may materially affect
our operators  financial condition and operations. 

Given the complexity
of the Healthcare Reform Law and the substantial requirements for regulation thereunder, the impact of the Healthcare Reform Law
on our operators or their ability to meet their obligations to us cannot be predicted. The Healthcare Reform Law could result in
decreases in payments to our operators or otherwise adversely affect the financial condition of our operators, thereby negatively
impacting our financial condition. Our operators may not be successful in modifying their operations to lessen the impact of any
increased costs or other adverse effects resulting from changes in governmental programs, private insurance and/or employee welfare
benefit plans. The impact of the Healthcare Reform Law on each of our operators will vary depending on payor mix, resident conditions
and a variety of other factors. In addition to the provisions relating to reimbursement, other provisions of the Healthcare Reform
Law may impact our operators as employers (e.g., requirements related to providing health insurance for employees). 

38  

Reform Requirements
for Long-Term Care Facilities  . On September 28, 2016, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS )
issued a final rule modifying the conditions of participation in Medicare and Medicaid for SNFs. CMS stated that the regulations,
last updated in 1991, were  necessary to reflect the substantial advances that had been made over the past several years
in the theory and practice of service delivery and safety  within long-term care. The revisions are extensive and will require
SNFs to implement new processes, make changes to current practices, and create new policies and procedures within a short timeframe
to remain in compliance with their conditions for participation. Changes include provisions related to staff training, discharge
planning, infection prevention and control programs, and pharmacy services, among others. While most of the regulations become
effective on November 28, 2016, some of the regulations become effective in Phase 2, beginning on November 28, 2017, while others
become effective in Phase 3 on November 28, 2019. According to CMS, it is estimated that the average cost for a SNF to implement
the new regulations is estimated to be $62,900 the first year and $55,000 each year thereafter. 

Reimbursement
Generally   .  A significant portion of our operators  revenue is derived from government-funded reimbursement
programs, consisting primarily of Medicare and Medicaid. As federal and state governments focus on healthcare reform initiatives,
and as the federal government and many states face significant current and future budget deficits, efforts to reduce costs by government
payors will likely continue, which may result in reductions in reimbursement at both the federal and state levels. Additionally,
new and evolving payor and provider programs, including but not limited to Medicare Advantage, dual eligible, accountable care
organizations, and bundled payments could adversely impact our tenants  and operators  liquidity, financial condition
or results of operations. 

We currently believe
that our operator coverage ratios are adequate and that our operators can absorb moderate reimbursement rate reductions and still
meet their obligations to us. However, significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and/or reductions of reimbursement
rates could have a material adverse effect on our operators  results of operations and financial condition, which could adversely
affect our operators  ability to meet their obligations to us. 

Medicaid  .
State budgetary concerns, coupled with the implementation of rules under the Healthcare Reform Law, may result in significant changes
in healthcare spending at the state level. Many states are currently focusing on the reduction of expenditures under their state
Medicaid programs, which may result in a reduction in reimbursement rates for our operators. The need to control Medicaid expenditures
by the states may be exacerbated by the potential for increased enrollment in Medicaid due to unemployment and declines in family
incomes. Since our operators  profit margins on Medicaid patients are generally relatively low, more than modest reductions
in Medicaid reimbursement or an increase in the number of Medicaid patients could adversely affect our operators  results
of operations and financial condition, which in turn could negatively impact us. 

The Healthcare Reform
Law provided for Medicaid coverage to be expanded to all individuals under age 65 with incomes up to 133% of the federal poverty
level, beginning January 1, 2014. The federal government committed to paying the entire cost for Medicaid coverage for newly eligible
beneficiaries from 2014 through 2016. In 2017, the federal share will decline to 95%; in 2018, to 94%; in 2019, to 93%; and in
2020 and subsequent years, to 90%. However, the Supreme Court ruled on June 28, 2012 that states could not be required to expand
Medicaid or risk losing federal funding of their existing Medicaid programs. As of June 30, 2016, thirty-two (32) states including
the District of Columbia have expanded or are expanding Medicaid coverage as contemplated by the Healthcare Reform Law, with many
of the remaining states involved in a variety of legislative proposals or discussions. 

Medicare  .
On July 29, 2016, CMS issued a final rule regarding the FY 2017 Medicare payment rates and quality programs for SNFs, which continues
the trend of shifting Medicare payments from volume to value. Aggregate payments to SNFs in FY 2017 will increase by $920 million
or 2.4% over fiscal year 2016 payments. This increase is attributable to a 2.7% market basket increase, reduced by 0.3% in accordance
with the multifactor productivity adjustment required by law. The new payment rates are effective on October 1, 2016. 

As indicated above,
a significant goal of the Healthcare Reform Law is to transform the delivery of health care by changing reimbursement for health
care services to hold providers accountable for the cost and quality of care provided. Reimbursement methodology reforms which
are becoming increasingly prevalent under health care reform include value-based purchasing, in which a portion of a provider or
facility s reimbursement is redistributed based on relative performance on designated economic, clinical quality, and patient
satisfaction metrics. These reimbursement methodologies and similar programs are expected to expand, both in public and commercial
health plans. 

39  

On April 1, 2014, President
Obama signed the  Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014  which called for the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services ( HHS ) to develop a value based purchasing program for SNFs aimed at lowering readmission rates beginning
on October 1, 2018. Since that time, several other quality related reimbursement initiatives have been introduced or implemented.
On April 26, 2015, CMS announced its goal to have 30% of Medicare payments for quality and value through alternative payment models
such as Accountable Care Organizations or bundled payments by 2016 and up to 50% by the end of 2018. In March 2016, CMS announced
that its 30% target for 2016 was reached in January 2016. 

On April 1, 2016, CMS s
bundled payment program for Lower Extremity Joint Replacement ( CJR ) procedures went into effect.  The CJR bundled
payment program is mandatory for all hospitals paid under the Medicare Inpatient Prospective Payment System and located in the
67 selected metropolitan areas. Through this bundled payment model, hospitals in the 67 selected metropolitan areas will receive
additional payments if quality and costs exceed defined parameters or, if not, have to repay Medicare for a portion of the spending.
On July 25, 2016, CMS proposed rulemaking to extend effective July 1, 2017, the CJR bundled payment models for these same areas
for hip/femur fracture surgeries. The proposed rulemaking would also add bundled payment models for heart attacks and bypass surgeries
in 98 randomly selected metropolitan areas effective July 1, 2017. As a result, Medicare revenues at SNFs related to hospital discharges
subject to bundled payment programs in the identified geographic areas could either be either positively or negatively affected
by the bundled payment program. 

Other Medicare reimbursement
initiatives which were first implemented over a year ago continue to have the potential to negatively impact Medicare revenues.
The  Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015  extended the Medicare therapy cap exceptions process through
December 31, 2017. The statutory Medicare Part B outpatient cap for occupational therapy is $1,960 for 2016, and the combined cap
for physical therapy and speech therapy is also $1,960 for 2016. These caps do not apply to therapy services covered under Medicare
Part A for SNFs, although the caps apply in most other instances involving patients in SNFs or long-term care facilities who receive
therapy services covered under Medicare Part B. The exception process permits medically necessary therapy services beyond the cap
limits. Expiration of the therapy cap exceptions process in the future could have a material adverse effect on our operators 
financial condition and operations, which could adversely impact their ability to meet their obligations to us. 

The  Bipartisan
Budget Act of 2015  ( BBA ) was signed by President Obama on November 2, 2015. While the BBA provides $80 billion
in discretionary spending sequestration relief over two years, it also extended Medicare sequestration, which generally cuts Medicare
provider and plan payments by 2% across the board, for an additional year, through 2025. The BBA also provides a uniform 2% reduction
for 2024 instead of applying different rates during the first and second halves of the fiscal year. However, the fiscal year 2025
sequestration will be  front loaded,  such that, a 4% reduction will apply during the first six months of the fiscal
year and no reduction will be imposed during the second half of the fiscal year. 

Quality of Care
Initiatives   .  In addition to quality or value based reimbursement reforms, CMS has implemented a number of initiatives
focused on the quality of care provided by long term care facilities that could affect our operators. On December 2008, CMS released
quality ratings for all of the nursing homes that participate in Medicare or Medicaid under its  Five Star Quality Rating
System.  Facility rankings, ranging from five stars ( much above average ) to one star ( much below average )
are updated on a monthly basis. SNFs are required to provide information for the CMS Nursing Home Compare website regarding staffing
and quality measures. Based on this data and the results of state health inspections, SNFs are then rated based on the five-star
rating system. 

40  

In furtherance of CMS s
goal of changing the rating system to increase the number and type of quality measures not solely based on self-reported data,
CMS modified the new quality measures for SNFs in August 2016. The new measures are based primarily on Medicare claims data submitted
by hospitals, including the following measures: (1) percentage of short-stay residents who were successfully discharged to the
community; (2) percentage of short-stay residents who have had an outpatient emergency department visit; (3) percentage of short-stay
residents who were re-hospitalized after a nursing home admission; (4) percentage of short-stay residents who made improvements
in function; and (5) percentage of long-stay residents whose ability to move independently worsened. The sixth new quality measure,
the antianxiety/hypnotic medication measure, was rejected due to difficulty in setting appropriate benchmarks for the acceptable
use of the medications. These ratings were incorporated into the nursing home rating system in July 2016 and are being phased in
slowly, with half of their value applied in July and full value applied in January 2017. It is possible that this or any other
ranking system could lead to future reimbursement policies that reward or penalize facilities on the basis of the reported quality
of care parameters. 

CMS has incorporated
hospital readmissions review into the Quality Indicators Survey. Under Medicare s Inpatient Prospective Payment System, CMS
began adjusting payments to hospitals for excessive readmissions of patients for heart attacks, heart failure and pneumonia during
fiscal years beginning on and after October 1, 2012. Long term care facilities are under increased scrutiny to prevent residents
from being readmitted to hospitals for these conditions in particular, and have an opportunity to demonstrate their quality of
care by reducing their hospital readmission rates. The quality measures added on April 27, 2016 include a readmission measure,
indicating that hospital readmissions will be a consideration in the CMS five-star rating system. Effective September 1, 2016,
additional heightened and costly disciplinary remedies became applicable to SNFs. Any SNF that receives a Quality Indicators Survey
deficiency cited at a  Scope and Severity  level of J or higher will be automatically and immediately assessed civil monetary
penalties by CMS. There is no opportunity to correct the deficiencies to avoid the penalties. 

Office of the
Inspector General Activities  . The Office of Inspector General s (the  OIG ) Mid-Year Update to its Work
Plan for government fiscal year 2016, which describes projects that the OIG plans to address during the fiscal year, includes three
projects related specifically to nursing homes: (1) compliance with the SNF prospective payment system related to a three-day qualifying
inpatient hospital stay; (2) implementation of a national background check program for long-term care employees; and (3) potentially
avoidable hospitalizations of nursing home residents due to urinary tract infections. 

Department of
Justice  . SNFs are under intense scrutiny for the quality of care being rendered to residents and appropriate billing practices.
The Department of Justice launched ten regional Elder Justice Task Forces in 2016 which are coordinating and enhancing efforts
to pursue SNFs that provide grossly substandard care to their residents. They are also focusing on therapy billing issues. These
Task Forces are composed of representatives from the U.S. Attorneys  Offices, State Medicaid Fraud Control Units, state and
local prosecutors  offices, HHS, State Adult Protective Services agencies, Long Term Care Ombudsmen programs, and law enforcement. 

Fraud and Abuse  .
There are various federal and state civil and criminal laws and regulations governing a wide array of healthcare provider referrals,
relationships and arrangements, including laws and regulations prohibiting fraud by healthcare providers. Many of these complex
laws raise issues that have not been clearly interpreted by the relevant governmental authorities and courts. 

These laws include:
(i) federal and state false claims acts, which, among other things, prohibit providers from filing false claims or making false
statements to receive payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare programs; (ii) federal and state anti-kickback
and fee-splitting statutes, including the Medicare and Medicaid anti-kickback statute, which prohibit the payment or receipt of
remuneration to induce referrals or recommendations of healthcare items or services, such as services provided in a SNF; (iii)
federal and state physician self-referral laws (commonly referred to as the Stark Law), which generally prohibit referrals by physicians
to entities for designated health services (some of which are provided in SNFs) with which the physician or an immediate family
member has a financial relationship; (iv) the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibits, among other things, the knowing
presentation of a false or fraudulent claim for certain healthcare services and (v) federal and state privacy laws, including the
privacy and security rules contained in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which provide for the
privacy and security of personal health information. 

41  

Violations of healthcare
fraud and abuse laws carry civil, criminal and administrative sanctions, including punitive sanctions, monetary penalties, imprisonment,
denial of Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement and potential exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare
programs. Additionally, there are criminal provisions that prohibit filing false claims or making false statements to receive payment
or certification under Medicare and Medicaid, as well as failing to refund overpayments or improper payments. Violation of the
anti-kickback statute or Stark Law may form the basis for a federal False Claims Act violation. These laws are enforced by a variety
of federal, state and local agencies and can also be enforced by private litigants through, among other things, federal and state
false claims acts, which allow private litigants to bring qui tam or whistleblower actions, which have become more frequent in
recent years. 

Privacy  .
Our operators are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect the confidentiality and
security of patient health information, including the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended,
the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and the corresponding regulations promulgated thereunder
(collectively referred to herein as  HIPAA ). In March 2016, the HHS Office for Civil Rights began Phase 2 of its HIPAA
Audit Program, which includes a review of business associates as well as covered entities. The audit focuses on compliance with
the Privacy, Security, and Breach Notification Rules. 

Various states have
similar laws and regulations that govern the maintenance and safeguarding of patient records, charts and other information generated
in connection with the provision of professional medical services. These laws and regulations require our operators to expend the
requisite resources to secure protected health information, including the funding of costs associated with technology upgrades.
Operators found in violation of HIPAA or any other privacy law or regulation may face large penalties. In addition, compliance
with an operator s notification requirements in the event of a breach of unsecured protected health information could cause
reputational harm to an operator s business. 

Licensing and
Certification  . Our operators and facilities are subject to various federal, state and local licensing and certification
laws and regulations, including laws and regulations under Medicare and Medicaid requiring operators of SNFs and ALFs to comply
with extensive standards governing operations. Governmental agencies administering these laws and regulations regularly inspect
our operators  facilities and investigate complaints. Our operators and their managers receive notices of observed violations
and deficiencies from time to time, and sanctions have been imposed from time to time on facilities operated by them. In addition,
many states require certain healthcare providers to obtain a certificate of need, which requires prior approval for the construction,
expansion or closure of certain healthcare facilities, which has the potential to impact some of our operators  abilities
to expand or change their businesses. 

Americans with
Disabilities Act (the  ADA )  . Our properties must comply with the ADA and any similar state or local laws to
the extent that such properties are public accommodations as defined in those statutes. The ADA may require removal of barriers
to access by persons with disabilities in certain public areas of our properties where such removal is readily achievable. Should
barriers to access by persons with disabilities be discovered at any of our properties, we may be directly or indirectly responsible
for additional costs that may be required to make facilities ADA-compliant. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition
of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. Our commitment to make readily achievable accommodations pursuant to the
ADA is ongoing, and we continue to assess our properties and make modifications as appropriate in this respect. 

Other Laws and
Regulations  . Additional federal, state and local laws and regulations affect how our operators conduct their operations,
including laws and regulations protecting consumers against deceptive practices and otherwise generally affecting our operators 
management of their property and equipment and the conduct of their operations (including laws and regulations involving fire,
health and safety; quality of services, including care and food service; residents  rights, including abuse and neglect laws;
and the health standards set by the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration). 

General and Professional
Liability.   Although arbitration agreements have been effective in limiting general and professional liabilities for SNF
and long term care providers, there have been numerous lawsuits challenging the validity of arbitration agreements in long term
care settings. As set forth in the recent conditions of participation final rule issued on September 28, 2016, pre-dispute arbitration
agreements between SNFs and residents are prohibited by CMS effective November 28, 2016, thereby increasing potential liabilities
for SNFs and long-term care providers. However, the authority of CMS to restrict the rights of these parties to arbitrate may be
challenged by litigation. 

42  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Our financial statements
are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United States, and a summary
of our significant accounting policies is included in Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016. Our preparation of the financial statements requires us to make estimates
and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying footnotes. Future
events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. Therefore, the determination of estimates requires the exercise
of judgment. Actual results inevitably will differ from those estimates, and such difference may be material to the consolidated
financial statements. We have described our most critical accounting policies in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 7,
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

There have been no
changes to our critical accounting policies or estimates since December 31, 2015. See Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In 2014, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers  ( ASU 2014-09 ), which outlines a comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting
for revenue arising from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 states that  an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
in exchange for those goods or services.  While ASU 2014-09 specifically references contracts with customers, it may apply
to certain other transactions such as the sale of real estate or equipment. ASU 2014-09 is effective for the Company beginning
January 1, 2018. In addition, the FASB has begun to issue targeted updates to clarify specific implementation issues of ASU 2014-09.
These updates include ASU 2016-08,  Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net),  ASU
2016-10,  Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing,  and ASU 2016-12,  Narrow-Scope Improvements
and Practical Expedients.   The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of ASU 2014-09 and its related updates and
will be closely monitoring developments and additional guidance to determine the potential impact of the new standard. The Company
intends to adopt ASU 2014-09 and its subsequent updates retrospectively. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-09 and its updates
to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements, as a substantial portion of our revenue consists of rental
income from leasing arrangements, which are specifically excluded from ASU 2014-09. 

In February 2015, the
FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  ( ASU 2015-02 ), which amends certain
requirements for determining whether a variable interest entity must be consolidated. The amendments in ASU 2015-02 are effective
for annual and interim reporting periods of public entities beginning after December 31, 2015 and were adopted by the Company
during the quarter ended March 31, 2016. The effect of this guidance was immaterial to the Company s consolidated results
of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

In January 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall  ( ASU 2016-01 ), which makes limited amendments
to the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. The new standard significantly revises
an entity's accounting related to (1) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (2) the presentation
of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. It also amends certain disclosure requirements
associated with the fair value of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods therein. Early adoption is permitted specifically for the amendments pertaining to the presentation
of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value.  Early adoption of all other amendments is
not permitted. Upon adoption, the Company will be required to make a cumulative-effect adjustment to the Consolidated Balance Sheet
as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. We are currently evaluating the impact of
adopting ASU 2016-01 on our consolidated financial statements. 

43  

In February 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases  ( ASU 2016-02 ), which amends the existing accounting standards for lease accounting,
including requiring lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets and making targeted changes to lessor accounting.
ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2019. Early adoption of ASU 2016-02 as of its issuance is permitted.
The new standard requires a modified retrospective transition approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the date
of initial application, with an option to use certain transition relief. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU
2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation  ( Topic 718 ) ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 amends
the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either
equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting
periods of public entities beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact
of adopting ASU 2016-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses  ( Topic 326 ) ( ASU 2016-13 ), which changes
the impairment model for most financial assets. The new model uses a forward-looking expected loss method, which will generally
result in earlier recognition of allowances for losses. ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after
December 15, 2019 and early adoption is permitted for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently
evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-13 on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU
2016-15 ) .  ASU 2016-15 eliminates the diversity in practice related to the classification of certain cash receipts
and payments for debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, the maturing of a zero coupon bond, the settlement of contingent liabilities
arising from a business combination, proceeds from insurance settlements, distributions from certain equity method investees and
beneficial interests obtained in a financial asset securitization. ASU 2016-15 designates the appropriate cash flow classification,
including requirements to allocate certain components of these cash receipts and payments among operating, investing and financing
activities. The retrospective transition method, requiring adjustment to all comparative periods presented, is required unless
it is impracticable for some of the amendments, in which case those amendments would be applied prospectively as of the earliest
date practicable. ASU No. 2016-15 is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption
is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2016-15 on our consolidated financial statements. 

Results of Operations  

The following is our
discussion of the consolidated results of operations, financial position and liquidity and capital resources, which should be read
in conjunction with our unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 

Three Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015   

Operating Revenues  

Our operating revenues
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, totaled $224.6 million, an increase of $22.7 million over the same period in 2015.
The $22.7 million increase was primarily the result of: (i) $19.2 million of rental income associated with acquisitions and lease
amendments made throughout 2016 and 2015 and (ii) a $4.3 million increase in other investment income primarily related to new notes
and additional funding to existing operators. 

44  

Operating Expenses  

Operating expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, totaled $100.3 million, an increase of approximately $24.4 million over the same
period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to: a (i) $15.5 million increase in provision for impairment losses as a result
of the Company s plan to exit certain facilities and (ii) an $8.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense
due to new acquisitions completed since September 2015. 

Other Income (Expense)  

For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, total other expenses were $47.2 million, an increase of approximately $7.2 million over the same period
in 2015. The increase was primarily related to: (i) $4.7 million increase in interest expense related to higher debt balances outstanding
to fund new investments and (ii) a $1.8 million increase in interest refinancing costs resulting from the acquisition of the $180.0
million mortgage term loan on July 25, 2016. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015   

Operating Revenues  

Our operating revenues
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, totaled $666.3 million, an increase of $133.2 million over the same period in 2015.
The $133.2 million increase was primarily the result of: (i) $64.6 million of rental income associated with the Aviv Merger; (ii)
$8.9 million of rental income related to the Care Homes Transaction and other acquisitions and lease amendments in the United Kingdom,
(iii) $44.8 million of additional rental income associated with other acquisitions and lease amendments made throughout 2016 and
2015, (iv) $10.3 million increase in other investment income primarily related to new notes and additional funding to existing
operators and (v) a $2.6 million increase in mortgage interest income which includes a net gain of approximately $5.4 million resulting
from an operator repaying certain mortgages. 

Operating Expenses  

Operating expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, totaled $303.2 million, an increase of approximately $56.4 million over the same
period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to: (i) a $46.3 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense due to
new acquisitions completed since September 2015, (ii) a $44.1 million increase in provision for impairment losses as a result of
the Company exiting certain facilities, (iii) an $8.2 million increase in general and administrative expenses primarily due to
the Aviv Merger and (iv) a $3.7 million increase in provision for uncollectible mortgages, notes and accounts receivable primarily
related to the write-off of approximately $3.4 million of straight line receivable from a former operator, offset by a $45.9 million
decrease in acquisition and merger costs related to the Aviv Merger that occurred on April 1, 2015. 

Other Income (Expense)  

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, total other expenses were $128.8 million, an increase of approximately $6.8 million over the same period
in 2015. The increase was primarily the result of an increase of $11.0 million in interest expense due to an increase in borrowings
outstanding to fund new investments since September 2015 and $1.8 million of increased amortization related to deferred financing
costs, offset by a decrease of $6.2 million in interest refinancing costs. In 2015, we incurred $8.4 million in interest refinance
costs related to the redemption of our $200 million 7.5% notes due 2020 and early retirement of 22 mortgage loans guaranteed by
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development ( HUD ). In 2016, we incurred $2.1 million in interest refinancing
cost primarily related to a $1.8 million premium related to the acquisition of the $180.0 million mortgage term loan. 

45  

National Association of Real Estate
Investment Trusts Funds From Operations   

Our funds from operations
( NAREIT FFO ) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $162.6 million compared to $147.5 million for the
same period in 2015. Our NAREIT FFO for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $488.5 million compared to $327.9 million
for the same period in 2015. 

We calculate and report
NAREIT FFO in accordance with the definition of Funds from Operations and interpretive guidelines issued by the National Association
of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( NAREIT ), and, consequently, NAREIT FFO is defined as net income, adjusted for the
effects of asset dispositions and certain non-cash items, primarily depreciation and amortization and impairment on real estate
assets. We believe that NAREIT FFO is an important supplemental measure of our operating performance. Because the historical cost
accounting convention used for real estate assets requires depreciation (except on land), such accounting presentation implies
that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time, while real estate values instead have historically risen
or fallen with market conditions. NAREIT FFO was designed by the real estate industry to address this issue. NAREIT FFO herein
is not necessarily comparable to NAREIT FFO of other REITs that do not use the same definition or implementation guidelines or
interpret the standards differently from us. 

NAREIT FFO is a non-GAAP
financial measure. We use NAREIT FFO as one of several criteria to measure the operating performance of our business. We further
believe that by excluding the effect of depreciation, amortization, impairment on real estate assets and gains or losses from sales
of real estate, all of which are based on historical costs and which may be of limited relevance in evaluating current performance,
NAREIT FFO can facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods and between other REITs. We offer this measure to
assist the users of our financial statements in evaluating our financial performance under GAAP, and NAREIT FFO should not be considered
a measure of liquidity, an alternative to net income or an indicator of any other performance measure determined in accordance
with GAAP. Investors and potential investors in our securities should not rely on this measure as a substitute for any GAAP measure,
including net income. 

The following table
presents our NAREIT FFO results for the three- and nine- months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(a)       Includes
amounts allocated to Omega stockholders and Omega OP Unit holders. 

46  

Portfolio and Recent Developments  

The following table
summarizes the significant acquisitions that occurred in 2016. 

(1)  The Company estimated the fair value of the assets acquired on the acquisition date based on certain
valuation analyses that have yet to be finalized, and accordingly, the assets acquired, as detailed, are subject to adjustment
once the analysis is completed.   

(2)  The Company s investment includes a purchase option buyout obligation with a fair value of
approximately $29.6 million. The future buyout obligation is recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities on our Consolidated
Balance Sheet. The Company also acquired a term loan with a fair value of approximately $37.0 million which is recorded in other
investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. Refer to Note   5 Other Investments.   

(3)  Acquired from a related party. Refer to Note   1 Related Party Transactions.   

(4)  Omega also recorded a deferred tax asset of approximately $1.9 million in connection with the acquisition.   

(5)  The Company paid $63.0 million in cash at closing to acquire the facilities. We have agreed to
pay an additional $1.5 million in April 2017 and the remaining $1.5 million in April 2018. The additional consideration to be paid
is contractually determined and not contingent on other factors. The $3.0 million liability is recorded in unsecured borrowings
  net on our Consolidated Balance Sheet.   

(6)  The Company paid approximately $3.5 million in cash to acquire the facility. The remainder of the
purchase price million (approximately $5.5 million) was funded with the redemption of an other investment note.   

During 2016, the Company
also acquired three parcels of land which are not reflected in the table above for approximately $5.9 million with the intent of
building new facilities for existing operators. 

Acquisition of Aviv by Merger   

On April 1, 2015, Omega
completed the Aviv Merger, which was structured as a stock-for-stock merger. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each outstanding
share of Aviv common stock was converted into 0.90 of a share of Omega common stock. In connection with the Aviv Merger, Omega
issued approximately 43.7 million shares of common stock to former Aviv stockholders. As a result of the Aviv Merger, Omega acquired
342 facilities, two facilities subject to direct financing leases, one medical office building, two mortgages and other investments.
Omega also assumed certain outstanding equity awards and other debt and liabilities. Based on the closing price of Omega s
common stock on April 1, 2015, the fair value of the consideration exchanged was approximately $2.3 billion. 

47  

The following table
highlights the final allocation of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and consideration exchanged on April 1, 2015 (in thousands): 

The completion of the
final valuation in the first quarter of 2016 did not result in material changes to our Consolidated Statements of Operations or
our Consolidated Balance Sheets from our preliminary purchase price allocation. 

Asset Impairments, Asset Sales and
Assets Held for Sale   

During the first quarter
of 2016, we recorded approximately $34.6 million of impairments on 14 facilities located in six states. We reduced their net book
values to their estimated fair value less costs to sell and reclassified them to assets held for sale in the first quarter of 2016.
In addition, we sold two SNFs previously classified as assets held for sale for approximately $2.4 million in net proceeds recognizing
a gain on sale of approximately $1.6 million. We also reclassified eight ALFs, and 16 SNFs to assets held for sale with a total
carrying value of $67.6 million. 

During the second quarter
of 2016, we recorded approximately $6.9 million of impairments on 15 facilities of which 12 were classified as held for sale as
of June 30, 2016. We reduced their net book values to their estimated fair value less costs to sell. In addition, we sold 11 facilities
(seven were previously held for sale) for approximately $41.4 million in net proceeds recognizing a net gain of approximately $13.2
million. We also reclassified three SNFs and one ALF to assets held for sale with total carrying value of $7.2 million. 

During the
third quarter of 2016, we recorded approximately $17.3 million of impairments on 12 facilities of which ten are classified as held
for sale at September 30, 2016. We reduced their net book values to their estimated fair value less costs to sell. In addition,
we sold six facilities for approximately $21.0 million in net proceeds recognizing a net gain of approximately $5.1 million. One
of the sold facilities was previously classified as held-for-sale. We also reclassified 12 SNFs and one ALF to assets held for
sale with a total carrying value of $47.4 million. In addition, two SNFs and one ALF classified as assets held for sale in the
second quarter were no longer considered held for sale and were reclassified back to leased properties at their fair values (approximately
$7.0 million). 

Our recorded
impairments were primarily the result of a decision to exit certain non-strategic facilities and operators primarily related to
facilities acquired in the Aviv Merger. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

At September 30, 2016,
we had total assets of $9.0 billion, total equity of $4.2 billion and debt of $4.4 billion, representing approximately 51.5% of
total capitalization. 

48  

Financing Activities and Borrowing
Arrangements   

Certain of our other
secured and unsecured borrowings are subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants. As
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all affirmative and negative covenants, including financial
covenants, for our secured and unsecured borrowings. 

Mortgage Term Loan  

As a result of the
Aviv Merger in April 2015, we acquired two subsidiaries that were borrowers under a $180.0 million mortgage term loan secured by
mortgages on 28 healthcare facilities owned by one of the borrowers. On July 25, 2016, we purchased the $180.0 million mortgage
term loan, effectively eliminating the debt on our consolidated financial statements. The term loan was secured by real estate
assets having a net carrying value of $290.5 million at June 30, 2016. The interest rate was based on LIBOR, with a floor of 50
basis points, plus a margin of 350 basis points. The interest rate at June 30, 2016 was 4.13%. We paid $180.0 million plus a 1%
premium to purchase the debt. 

Bank Credit Facilities   

On January 29, 2016,
we amended our Omega Credit Facilities (as defined below) to add a $350 million senior unsecured incremental term loan facility.
As a result of the amendment, the Omega Credit Facilities now include a $1.25 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility
(the  Revolving Credit Facility ), a $200 million senior unsecured term loan facility (the  Tranche A-1 Term
Loan Facility ), a $200 million senior unsecured incremental term loan facility (the  Tranche A-2 Term Loan Facility )
and a $350 million senior unsecured incremental term loan facility (the  Tranche A-3 Term Loan Facility  and, together
with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Tranche A-1 Term Loan Facility and the Tranche A-2 Term Loan Facility, collectively, the
 Omega Credit Facilities ). The Tranche A-1 Term Loan Facility, the Tranche A-2 Term Loan Facility and the Tranche
A-3 Term Loan Facility may be referred to collectively herein as the  Omega Term Loan Facilities . 

The Tranche A-3 Term
Loan Facility bears interest at LIBOR plus an applicable percentage (beginning at 150 basis points, with a range of 100 to 195
basis points) based on our ratings from Standard   Poor s, Moody s and/or Fitch Ratings. The Tranche A-3 Term Loan
Facility matures on January 29, 2021. 

At September 30, 2016,
we had $223.0 million of borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and $750 million of borrowings outstanding
under the Omega Term Loan Facilities. 

$700 Million 4.5% Senior Notes due 2023  

On July 12, 2016, we
issued $700 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023 (the  2023 Notes ). The 2023 Notes
were sold at an issue price of 99.739% of their face value before the underwriters  discount. Our net proceeds from the offering,
after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses, were approximately $692.0 million. The net proceeds from the offering were
used to repay outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility, to purchase the $180.0 million mortgage term loan and
for general corporate purposes. 

Dividend Reinvestment and Common Stock Purchase Plan   

For the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, approximately 4.0 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $34.38 per share were
issued through our Dividend Reinvestment and Common Stock Purchase Program for gross proceeds of approximately $136.6 million.
For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, approximately 6.9 million shares of our common stock at an average price of
$33.49 per share were issued through our Dividend Reinvestment and Common Stock Purchase Program for gross proceeds of approximately
$230.1 million. 

49  

Dividends   

In order to qualify
as a REIT, we are required to distribute dividends (other than capital gain dividends) to our stockholders in an amount at least
equal to (A) the sum of (i) 90% of our  REIT taxable income  (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction
and our net capital gain), and (ii) 90% of the net income (after tax), if any, from foreclosure property, minus (B) the sum of
certain items of non-cash income. In addition, if we dispose of any built-in gain asset during a recognition period, we will be
required to distribute at least 90% of the built-in gain (after tax), if any, recognized on the disposition of such asset. Such
distributions must be paid in the taxable year to which they relate, or in the following taxable year if declared before we timely
file our tax return for such year and paid on or before the first regular dividend payment after such declaration. In addition,
such distributions are required to be made pro rata, with no preference to any share of stock as compared with other shares of
the same class, and with no preference to one class of stock as compared with another class except to the extent that such class
is entitled to such a preference. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain or do distribute at least
90%, but less than 100% of our  REIT taxable income  as adjusted, we will be subject to tax thereon at regular ordinary
and capital gain corporate tax rates. 

For the three- and
nine- months ended September 30, 2016, we paid dividends of approximately $117 million and $334 million to our common stockholders,
respectively. 

Liquidity   

We believe our liquidity
and various sources of available capital, including cash from operations, our existing availability under our Omega Credit Facilities
and expected proceeds from mortgage payoffs are adequate to finance operations, meet recurring debt service requirements and fund
future investments through the next twelve months. 

We regularly review
our liquidity needs, the adequacy of cash flow from operations, and other expected liquidity sources to meet these needs. We believe
our principal short-term liquidity needs are to fund: 

normal
recurring expenses; 

       debt
service payments; 

       capital
improvement programs; 

       common
stock dividends; and 

       growth
through acquisitions of additional properties. 

The primary source
of liquidity is our cash flows from operations. Operating cash flows have historically been determined by: (i) the number of facilities
we lease or have mortgages on; (ii) rental and mortgage rates; (iii) our debt service obligations; and (iv) general and administrative
expenses. The timing, source and amount of cash flows provided by or used in financing activities and in investing activities are
sensitive to the capital markets environment, especially to changes in interest rates. Changes in the capital markets environment
may impact the availability of cost-effective capital and affect our plans for acquisition and disposition activity. 

Cash and cash equivalents
totaled $32.6 million as of September 30, 2016, an increase of $27.1 million as compared to the balance at December 31, 2015. The
following is a discussion of changes in cash and cash equivalents due to operating, investing and financing activities, which are
presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Operating Activities    
Operating activities generated $457.2 million of net cash flow for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $322.8
million for the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily related to additional cash flow generated from new investments
primarily related to the Aviv Merger and Care Homes Transaction, as well as other facilities acquired and leased throughout 2016
and 2015. 

50  

Investing Activities    
Net cash flow from investing activities was an outflow of $1.1 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared
to an outflow of $350.8 million for the same period in 2015. The $784.1 million increase in cash outflow from investing activities
related primarily to (i) an increase of $671.5 million in acquisitions in 2016 compared to the same period of 2015, (ii) an increase
of net cash outflow of $181.5 million from other investments   net in 2016 compared to the same period of 2015, (iii) an
increase of $20.3 million in mortgage investment in 2016 compared to the same period of 2015 and (iv) an increase of $13.3 million
in our capital renovation program investment in 2016 compared to the same period of 2015. Offsetting these cash outflows was: (i)
a decrease of $101.2 million in investment in construction in progress in 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015, (ii) a $84.9
million decrease in cash resulting from the Aviv Merger in 2015, (iii) a $57.1 million increase in collection of mortgages primarily
related to existing operators repaying certain mortgages and (iv) a $23.2 million increase in proceeds from the sale of real estate
in 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 

Financing Activities  
  Net cash flow from financing activities was an inflow of $704.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
as compared to an inflow of $38.9 million for the same period in 2015. The $665.8 million increase in cash flow from
financing activities was primarily related to (i) an $867.2 million increase in net long-term borrowings in 2016 as compared
to a use of approximately $615.0 million in cash in 2015 and (ii) an increase in net proceeds of $164.1 million from our
dividend reinvestment plan in 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015. Offsetting these increases was (i) a net change in
cash provided by our credit facility of $472.0 million, in 2015 our credit facility provided $465.0 million in cash as
compared to a use of $7.0 million in cash in 2016, (ii) in 2016 we used cash to pay dividends of $333.7 million as compared
to $253.1 in 2015 and (iii) a $439.7 million decrease in cash proceeds from the issuance of common stock in 2015 as compared
to 2016. 

Item 3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk  

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2016, there were no material changes in our primary market risk exposures or how those exposures are managed
from the information disclosed under Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 4   Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )
are controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer
in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive and
principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

In connection with
the preparation of this Form 10-Q, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of September 30, 2016. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2016. 

Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the
period covered by this report identified in connection with the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures described
above that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

51  

PART II
      OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1
      Legal Proceedings   

See Note 14  
Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 hereto, which is hereby incorporated by reference in response
to this item. 

Item 1A   Risk Factors  

There have been no
material changes to our risk factors as previously disclosed in Item 1A contained in Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on February 26,
2016 and in Item 1A contained in Part II of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and filed with
the SEC on August 5, 2016. 

Item 2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds   

During the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016, Omega issued an aggregate of 56,454 shares of Omega common stock, in exchange for an equivalent
number of Omega OP Units tendered to Omega OP for redemption in accordance with the provisions of the Partnership Agreement. The
Company issued these shares of Omega common stock in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, based upon factual representations received from the limited partners who received the Omega common stock. 

52  

Item 6 Exhibits   

Exhibit No.  

4.1  
       
      Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2016, among Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors listed therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, related to the 5.875% Senior Notes due 2024, including the Form of 5.875% Senior Notes and Form of Subsidiary Guarantee related thereto.*   
 
      4.2  
       
      Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2016, among Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors listed therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, related to the 4.950% Senior Notes due 2024, including the Form of 4.950% Senior Notes and Form of Subsidiary Guarantee related thereto.*   
 
      4.3  
       
      Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2016, among Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors listed therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, related to the 4.50% Senior Notes due 2025, including the Form of 4.50% Senior Notes and Form of Subsidiary Guarantee related thereto.*   
 
      4.4  
       
      Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2016, among Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors listed therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, related to the 4.500% Senior Notes due 2027, including the Form of 4.500% Senior Notes and Form of Subsidiary Guarantee related thereto.*   
 
      4.5  
       
      Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2016, among Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors listed therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, related to the 5.250% Senior Notes due 2026, including the Form of 5.250% Senior Notes and Form of Subsidiary Guarantee related thereto.*   
 
      4.6  
       
      Indenture, dated as of July 12, 2016, by and among Omega, the subsidiary guarantors named therein, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 12, 2016).   
 
      4.6A  
       
      First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 9, 2016, among Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc., each of the subsidiary guarantors listed therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, related to the 4.375% Senior Notes due 2023, including the Form of 4.375% Senior Notes and Form of Subsidiary Guarantee related thereto.*   
 
      12.1  
       
      Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.*   
 
      31.1  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Executive Officer.*   
 
      31.2  
       
      Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of the Chief Financial Officer.*   
 
      32.1  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer.*   
 
      32.2  
       
      Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer.*   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document.   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.   
 
 * Exhibits that are filed herewith. 

 + Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

53  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

OMEGA
HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC.  

  Registrant  

Date:  
      November 8, 2016  
      By:  
      /S/ C. TAYLOR PICKETT  

C. Taylor Pickett  

Chief Executive Officer  

Date:  
      November 8, 2016  
      By:  
      /S/ ROBERT O. STEPHENSON  

Robert O. Stephenson  

Chief Financial Officer  

54  

<EX-4.1>
 2
 t1600667_ex4-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

Exhibit 4.1  

SEVENTEENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  

  (Senior Notes due 2024)  

THIS SEVENTEENTH
SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  (this   Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture  ) is dated as of August 9, 2016, among
OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC., a Maryland corporation (the   Issuer  ), each of the SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS listed
on  Schedule I  hereto (collectively, the   Subsidiary Guarantors  ), each of the entities listed on  Schedule
II  hereto (the   New Subsidiaries  ), and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association organized
and existing under the laws of the United States of America, as trustee (the   Trustee  ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS ,
the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of March
19, 2012 (as supplemented by that First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2012, that Second Supplemental Indenture, dated
as of August 9, 2012, that Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2012, that Fourth Supplemental Indenture, effective
as of December 31, 2012, that Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2013, that Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated
as of October 23, 2013, that Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 14, 2014, that Eighth Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of June 27, 2014, that Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2014, that Tenth Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of January 23, 2015, that Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, effective as of March 2, 2015, that Twelfth Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of April 1, 2015, that Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 4, 2015, that Fourteenth Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2015, that Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2016, and that Sixteenth
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2016; the   Indenture  ) providing for the issuance of the Issuer s
5-7/8% Senior Notes due 2024 (the   Notes  );  

WHEREAS ,
Section 9.01 of the Indenture authorizes the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee, together, to amend or supplement
the Indenture, without notice to or consent of any Holder of the Notes, for the purpose of making any change that would not materially
adversely affect the rights of any Holder of the Notes;  

WHEREAS ,
the Issuer has created or acquired the New Subsidiaries, which are required to become Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to Section
4.14 and/or 5.01(b) of the Indenture;  

WHEREAS ,
in Section 1.01 of the Indenture, the term  Subsidiary Guarantors  is defined to include all Persons that become a
Subsidiary Guarantor by the terms of the Indenture after the Closing Date; and  

WHEREAS ,
Section 10.01 of the Indenture provides that each Subsidiary Guarantor shall be a guarantor of the Issuer s obligations under
the Notes, subject to the terms and conditions described in the Indenture.  

[17 th  Supplemental Indenture
  2024 Notes] 

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the
Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the New Subsidiaries and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit
of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  

1.    CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.    

2.    AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE. The New Subsidiaries hereby agree, jointly
and severally with all other Subsidiary Guarantors, to guarantee the Issuer s obligations under the Notes on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, and to be bound by, and to receive the benefit of, all other applicable provisions
of the Indenture as Subsidiary Guarantors. Such guarantee shall be evidenced by the New Subsidiaries  execution of Subsidiary
Guarantees, the form of which is attached as Exhibit E to the Indenture, and shall be effective as of the effective date hereof.    

3.    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder, member or manager of the New Subsidiaries, as such, shall have any liability for
any obligations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantees, the Indenture or this Seventeenth Supplemental
Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes,
by accepting and holding a Note, waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part of the consideration
for the issuance of the Notes.    

4.    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. The laws of the State of New York shall
govern and be used to construe this Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture.    

5.    COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this
Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together shall represent the same agreement.    

6.    EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof.    

7.   THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner
whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of
the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the New Subsidiaries.    

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank] 

[17 th  Supplemental Indenture
  2024 Notes] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have caused this Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.  

ISSUER :   

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC. ,    

a Maryland corporation   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS :   

OHI HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP   

By:  
      OHI Healthcare Properties Holdco, Inc., as its Primary General Partner   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

ON BEHALF OF EACH OF THE OTHER SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS LISTED ON SCHEDULE I   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

[Signatures continued on the following page] 

[Signature Page   17 th 
Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

NEW SUBSIDIARIES :   

ON BEHALF OF EACH OF THE NEW SUBSIDIARIES LISTED ON SCHEDULE II   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

[Signatures continued on the following page] 

[Signature Page   17 th 
Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ,  

as Trustee  

By: 
     /s/ David Ferrell  

Name: 
     David Ferrell  

Title: 
     Vice President  

[Signature Page   17 th 
Supplemental Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I Page  1       

42.  
     Bradenton ALF Property, L.L.C.  
 
      43.  
     Burton NH Property, L.L.C.  
 
      44.  
     California Aviv Two, L.L.C.  
 
      45.  
     California Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      46.  
     Camas Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      47.  
     Canton Health Care Land, LLC (f/k/a Canton Health Care Land, Inc.)  
 
      48.  
     Carnegie Gardens LLC  
 
      49.  
     Casa/Sierra California Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      50.  
     CFG 2115 Woodstock Place LLC  
 
      51.  
     Champaign Williamson Franklin, L.L.C.  
 
      52.  
     Chardon Ohio Property Holdings, L.L.C.  
 
      53.  
     Chardon Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      54.  
     Chatham Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      55.  
     Chippewa Valley, L.L.C.  
 
      56.  
     CHR Bartow LLC  
 
      57.  
     CHR Boca Raton  LLC  
 
      58.  
     CHR Bradenton LLC  
 
      59.  
     CHR Cape Coral LLC  
 
      60.  
     CHR Fort Myers LLC  
 
      61.  
     CHR Fort Walton Beach LLC  
 
      62.  
     CHR Lake Wales LLC  
 
      63.  
     CHR Lakeland LLC  
 
      64.  
     CHR Pompano Beach Broward LLC  
 
      65.  
     CHR Pompano Beach LLC  
 
      66.  
     CHR Sanford LLC  
 
      67.  
     CHR Spring Hill LLC  
 
      68.  
     CHR St. Pete Bay LLC  
 
      69.  
     CHR St. Pete Egret LLC  
 
      70.  
     CHR Tampa Carrollwood LLC  
 
      71.  
     CHR Tampa LLC  
 
      72.  
     CHR Tarpon Springs LLC  
 
      73.  
     CHR Titusville LLC  
 
      74.  
     Clarkston Care, L.L.C.  
 
      75.  
     Clayton Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      76.  
     Colonial Gardens, LLC  
 
      77.  
     Colonial Madison Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      78.  
     Colorado Lessor - Conifer, LLC  
 
      79.  
     Columbus Texas Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      80.  
     Columbus Western Avenue, L.L.C.  
 
      81.  
     Colville Washington Property, L.L.C.  
 
      82.  
     Commerce Nursing Homes, L.L.C.  
 
      83.  
     Commerce Sterling Hart Drive, L.L.C.  
 
      84.  
     Conroe Rigby Owen Road, L.L.C.  
 
      85.  
     CR Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      86.  
     Crete Plus Five Property, L.L.C.  
 
      87.  
     Crooked River Road, L.L.C.  

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I Page  2       

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I Page  3       

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I Page  4       

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I Page  5       

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I Page  6       

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I Page  7       

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I Page  8       

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I Page  9       

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

497.  
     Oregon Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      498.  
     Oso Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      499.  
     Ostrom Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      500.  
     Palm Valley Senior Care, LLC  
 
      501.  
     Panama City Nursing Center LLC  
 
      502.  
     Pavillion North Partners, LLC  
 
      503.  
     Pavillion North, LLP  
 
      504.  
     Pavillion Nursing Center North, LLC  
 
      505.  
     Peabody Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      506.  
     Peabody Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      507.  
     Pennington Road Property, L.L.C.  
 
      508.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, Inc.)  
 
      509.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, Inc.)  
 
      510.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, Inc.)  
 
      511.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, Inc.)  
 
      512.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, Inc.)  
 
      513.  
     Pocatello Idaho Property, L.L.C.  
 
      514.  
     Pomona Vista L.L.C.  
 
      515.  
     Prescott Arkansas, L.L.C.  
 
      516.  
     PV Realty-Clinton, LLC  
 
      517.  
     PV Realty-Kensington, LLC  
 
      518.  
     PV Realty Willow Tree, LLC  
 
      519.  
     Raton Property Limited Company  
 
      520.  
     Ravenna Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      521.  
     Red Rocks, L.L.C.  
 
      522.  
     Richland Washington, L.L.C.  
 
      523.  
     Ridgecrest Senior Care, LLC  
 
      524.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      525.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      526.  
     Rockingham Drive Property, L.L.C.  
 
      527.  
     Rose Baldwin Park Property L.L.C.  
 
      528.  
     S.C. Portfolio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      529.  
     Salem Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      530.  
     San Juan NH Property, LLC  
 
      531.  
     Sandalwood Arkansas Property, L.L.C.  
 
      532.  
     Santa Ana-Bartlett, L.L.C.  
 
      533.  
     Santa Fe Missouri Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      534.  
     Savoy/Bonham Venture, L.L.C.  
 
      535.  
     Searcy Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      536.  
     Sedgwick Properties, L.L.C.  
 
      537.  
     Seguin Texas Property, L.L.C.  

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

[Schedule I   17 th  Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule II  

NEW SUBSIDIARIES 

1.  
     OHI Asset (MO) Jackson, LLC  
 
      2.  
     OHI Asset (CO) Brighton, LLC  
 
      3.  
     OHI Asset (CO) Mesa, LLC  
 
      4.  
     OHI Asset (CO) Denver, LLC  
 
      5.  
     OHI Asset (TX) Longview, LLC  
 
      6.  
     OHI Asset (TX) Athens, LLC  
 
      7.  
     OHI Asset (TX) Winnsboro ALF, LLC  
 
      8.  
     OHI Asset (FL) Middleburg, LLC  
 
      9.  
     OHI Asset (SC) Five Forks, LLC  
 
      10.  
     OHI Asset (VA) Midlothian, LLC  

[Schedule II   17th Supplemental Indenture
  2024 Notes] 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.2>
 3
 t1600667_ex4-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.2

Exhibit 4.2  

TENTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  

  (Senior Notes due 2024)  

THIS TENTH SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE  (this   Tenth Supplemental Indenture  ) is dated as of August 9, 2016 among OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS,
INC., a Maryland corporation (the   Issuer  ), each of the SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS listed on  Schedule I  hereto
(collectively, the   Subsidiary Guarantors  ), each of the entities listed on  Schedule II  hereto (collectively,
the   New Subsidiaries  ), and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association organized and existing
under the laws of the United States of America, as trustee (the   Trustee  ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS ,
the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of March
11, 2014 (as supplemented by that First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 27, 2014, that Second Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of November 25, 2014, that Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 23, 2015, that Fourth Supplemental Indenture,
effective as of March 2, 2015, that Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2015, that Sixth Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of August 4, 2015, that Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2015, that Eighth Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of March 29, 2016, and that Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2016; the   Indenture  ),
providing for the issuance of the Issuer s 4.950% Senior Notes due 2024 (the   Notes  );  

WHEREAS ,
Section 9.01 of the Indenture authorizes the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee, together, to amend or supplement
the Indenture, without notice to or consent of any Holder of the Notes, for the purpose of making any change that would not materially
adversely affect the rights of any Holder of the Notes;  

WHEREAS ,
the Issuer has created or acquired the New Subsidiaries, which are required to become Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to Section
4.14 of the Indenture;  

WHEREAS ,
in Section 1.01 of the Indenture, the term  Subsidiary Guarantors  is defined to include all Persons that become a
Subsidiary Guarantor by the terms of the Indenture after the Closing Date; and  

WHEREAS ,
Section 10.01 of the Indenture provides that each Subsidiary Guarantor shall be a guarantor of the Issuer s obligations under
the Notes, subject to the terms and conditions described in the Indenture.  

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the
Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the New Subsidiaries and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit
of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  

[10th Supplemental Indenture   2024
Notes] 

1.    CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.    

2.    AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE. The New Subsidiaries hereby agree, jointly
and severally with all other Subsidiary Guarantors, to guarantee the Issuer s obligations under the Notes on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, and to be bound by, and to receive the benefit of, all other applicable provisions
of the Indenture as Subsidiary Guarantors. Such guarantee shall be evidenced by the New Subsidiaries  execution of Subsidiary
Guarantees, the form of which is attached as Exhibit E to the Indenture, and shall be effective as of the date hereof.    

3.    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder, member or manager of the New Subsidiaries, as such, shall have any liability for
any obligations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantees, the Indenture or this Tenth Supplemental
Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Notes,
by accepting and holding a Note, waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part of the consideration
for the issuance of the Notes.    

4.    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. The laws of the State of New York shall
govern and be used to construe this Tenth Supplemental Indenture.    

5.    COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this
Tenth Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together shall represent the same agreement.    

6.    EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof.    

7.    THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner
whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Tenth Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals
contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the New Subsidiaries.    

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank] 

[10th Supplemental Indenture   2024
Notes] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have caused this Tenth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.  

ISSUER :   

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC. ,    

a Maryland corporation   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS :   

OHI HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP   

By:  
      Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. as General Partner   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

ON BEHALF OF EACH OF THE OTHER SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS LISTED ON SCHEDULE I   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

[Signatures continued on the following page] 

[Signature Page   10th Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

NEW SUBSIDIARIES :   

ON BEHALF OF EACH OF THE NEW SUBSIDIARIES LISTED ON SCHEDULE II   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

[Signatures continued on the following page] 

[Signature Page   10th Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ,  

as Trustee  

By: 
     /s/ David Ferrell  

Name: 
     David Ferrell  

Title: 
     Vice President  

[Signature Page   10th Supplemental
Indenture   2024 Notes] 

Schedule I  

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

43.  
     Burton NH Property, L.L.C.  
 
      44.  
     California Aviv Two, L.L.C.  
 
      45.  
     California Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      46.  
     Camas Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      47.  
     Canton Health Care Land, LLC (f/k/a Canton Health Care Land, Inc.)  
 
      48.  
     Carnegie Gardens LLC  
 
      49.  
     Casa/Sierra California Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      50.  
     CFG 2115 Woodstock Place LLC  
 
      51.  
     Champaign Williamson Franklin, L.L.C.  
 
      52.  
     Chardon Ohio Property Holdings, L.L.C.  
 
      53.  
     Chardon Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      54.  
     Chatham Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      55.  
     Chippewa Valley, L.L.C.  
 
      56.  
     CHR Bartow LLC  
 
      57.  
     CHR Boca Raton  LLC  
 
      58.  
     CHR Bradenton LLC  
 
      59.  
     CHR Cape Coral LLC  
 
      60.  
     CHR Fort Myers LLC  
 
      61.  
     CHR Fort Walton Beach LLC  
 
      62.  
     CHR Lake Wales LLC  
 
      63.  
     CHR Lakeland LLC  
 
      64.  
     CHR Pompano Beach Broward LLC  
 
      65.  
     CHR Pompano Beach LLC  
 
      66.  
     CHR Sanford LLC  
 
      67.  
     CHR Spring Hill LLC  
 
      68.  
     CHR St. Pete Bay LLC  
 
      69.  
     CHR St. Pete Egret LLC  
 
      70.  
     CHR Tampa Carrollwood LLC  
 
      71.  
     CHR Tampa LLC  
 
      72.  
     CHR Tarpon Springs LLC  
 
      73.  
     CHR Titusville LLC  
 
      74.  
     Clarkston Care, L.L.C.  
 
      75.  
     Clayton Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      76.  
     Colonial Gardens, LLC  
 
      77.  
     Colonial Madison Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      78.  
     Colorado Lessor - Conifer, LLC  
 
      79.  
     Columbus Texas Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      80.  
     Columbus Western Avenue, L.L.C.  
 
      81.  
     Colville Washington Property, L.L.C.  
 
      82.  
     Commerce Nursing Homes, L.L.C.  
 
      83.  
     Commerce Sterling Hart Drive, L.L.C.  
 
      84.  
     Conroe Rigby Owen Road, L.L.C.  
 
      85.  
     CR Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      86.  
     Crete Plus Five Property, L.L.C.  
 
      87.  
     Crooked River Road, L.L.C.  
 
      88.  
     CSE Albany LLC  

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

498.  
     Oso Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      499.  
     Ostrom Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      500.  
     Palm Valley Senior Care, LLC  
 
      501.  
     Panama City Nursing Center LLC  
 
      502.  
     Pavillion North Partners, LLC  
 
      503.  
     Pavillion North, LLP  
 
      504.  
     Pavillion Nursing Center North, LLC  
 
      505.  
     Peabody Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      506.  
     Peabody Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      507.  
     Pennington Road Property, L.L.C.  
 
      508.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, Inc.)  
 
      509.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, Inc.)  
 
      510.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, Inc.)  
 
      511.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, Inc.)  
 
      512.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, Inc.)  
 
      513.  
     Pocatello Idaho Property, L.L.C.  
 
      514.  
     Pomona Vista L.L.C.  
 
      515.  
     Prescott Arkansas, L.L.C.  
 
      516.  
     PV Realty-Clinton, LLC  
 
      517.  
     PV Realty-Kensington, LLC  
 
      518.  
     PV Realty Willow Tree, LLC  
 
      519.  
     Raton Property Limited Company  
 
      520.  
     Ravenna Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      521.  
     Red Rocks, L.L.C.  
 
      522.  
     Richland Washington, L.L.C.  
 
      523.  
     Ridgecrest Senior Care, LLC  
 
      524.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      525.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      526.  
     Rockingham Drive Property, L.L.C.  
 
      527.  
     Rose Baldwin Park Property L.L.C.  
 
      528.  
     S.C. Portfolio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      529.  
     Salem Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      530.  
     San Juan NH Property, LLC  
 
      531.  
     Sandalwood Arkansas Property, L.L.C.  
 
      532.  
     Santa Ana-Bartlett, L.L.C.  
 
      533.  
     Santa Fe Missouri Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      534.  
     Savoy/Bonham Venture, L.L.C.  
 
      535.  
     Searcy Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      536.  
     Sedgwick Properties, L.L.C.  
 
      537.  
     Seguin Texas Property, L.L.C.  
 
      538.  
     Sierra Ponds Property, L.L.C.  

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

Schedule II  

NEW SUBSIDIARIES 

1. 
     OHI Asset (MO) Jackson, LLC  
 
     2. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Brighton, LLC  
 
     3. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Mesa, LLC  
 
     4. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Denver, LLC  
 
     5. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Longview, LLC  
 
     6. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Athens, LLC  
 
     7. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Winnsboro ALF, LLC  
 
     8. 
     OHI Asset (FL) Middleburg, LLC  
 
     9. 
     OHI Asset (SC) Five Forks, LLC  
 
     10. 
     OHI Asset (VA) Midlothian, LLC  

[Schedule II   10th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-4.3>
 4
 t1600667_ex4-3.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.3

Exhibit 4.3  

NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  

  (Senior Notes due 2025)  

THIS NINTH SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE  (this   Ninth Supplemental Indenture  ) is dated as of August 9, 2016, among OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS,
INC., a Maryland corporation (the   Issuer  ), each of the SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS listed on  Schedule I  hereto
(collectively, the   Subsidiary Guarantors  ), each of the entities listed on  Schedule II  hereto (collectively,
the   New Subsidiaries  ), and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association organized and existing
under the laws of the United States of America, as trustee (the   Trustee  ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS ,
the Issuer and the Subsidiary Guarantors have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of September
11, 2014 (as supplemented by that First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 25, 2014, that Second Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of January 23, 2015, that Third Supplemental Indenture, effective as of March 2, 2015, that Fourth Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of April 1, 2015, that Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 4, 2015, that Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated
as of November 9, 2015, that Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2016, and that Eighth Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of May 13, 2016; the  Indenture ), providing for the issuance of the Issuer s 4.50% Senior Notes due
2025 (the   Notes  );  

WHEREAS ,
Section 9.01 of the Indenture authorizes the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the Trustee, together, to amend or supplement
the Indenture, without notice to or consent of any Holder of the Notes, for the purpose of making any change that would not materially
adversely affect the rights of any Holder of the Notes;  

WHEREAS ,
pursuant to Section 4.09 of the Indenture, the New Subsidiaries are required to become Subsidiary Guarantors;  

WHEREAS ,
in Section 1.01 of the Indenture, the term  Subsidiary Guarantors  is defined to include all Persons that become a
Subsidiary Guarantor by the terms of the Indenture after the Closing Date; and  

WHEREAS ,
Section 10.01 of the Indenture provides that each Subsidiary Guarantor shall be a guarantor of the Issuer s obligations under
the Notes, subject to the terms and conditions described in the Indenture.  

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the
Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors, the New Subsidiaries and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit
of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  

[9th Supplemental Indenture   2025
Notes] 

1.    CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.    

2.    AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE. The New Subsidiaries hereby agree, jointly
and severally with all other Subsidiary Guarantors, to guarantee the Issuer s obligations under the Notes on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, and to be bound by, and to receive the benefit of, all other applicable provisions
of the Indenture as Subsidiary Guarantors. Such guarantee shall be evidenced by the New Subsidiaries  execution of Subsidiary
Guarantees, the form of which is attached as Exhibit E to the Indenture, and shall be effective as of the effective date hereof.    

3.    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder, member, manager or controlling person of the New Subsidiaries, as such, shall have
any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantees, the Indenture or this
Ninth Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each
Holder of the Notes, by accepting and holding a Note, waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part
of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes.    

4.    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. The laws of the State of New York shall
govern and be used to construe this Ninth Supplemental Indenture.    

5.    COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this
Ninth Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together shall represent the same agreement.    

6.    EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof.    

7.    THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner
whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Ninth Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals
contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Issuer, the Subsidiary Guarantors and the New Subsidiaries.    

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank] 

[9th Supplemental Indenture   2025
Notes] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have caused this Ninth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.  

ISSUER :   

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC. ,    

a Maryland corporation   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS :   

OHI HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP   

By:  
      Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. as General Partner   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

ON BEHALF OF EACH OF THE OTHER SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS LISTED ON SCHEDULE I   

By:  
     /s/ Daniel J. Booth  

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

[Signatures continued on the following page] 

[Signature Page   9th Supplemental
Indenture   2025 Notes] 

NEW SUBSIDIARIES :   

ON BEHALF OF EACH OF THE NEW SUBSIDIARIES LISTED ON SCHEDULE II   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

[Signatures continued on the following page] 

[Signature Page   9th Supplemental
Indenture   2025 Notes] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ,  

as Trustee  

By: 
     /s/ David Ferrell  

Name: 
     David Ferrell  

Title: 
     Vice President  

[Signature Page   9th Supplemental
Indenture   2025 Notes] 

Schedule I  

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

43.  
     Burton NH Property, L.L.C.  
 
      44.  
     California Aviv Two, L.L.C.  
 
      45.  
     California Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      46.  
     Camas Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      47.  
     Canton Health Care Land, LLC (f/k/a Canton Health Care Land, Inc.)  
 
      48.  
     Carnegie Gardens LLC  
 
      49.  
     Casa/Sierra California Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      50.  
     CFG 2115 Woodstock Place LLC  
 
      51.  
     Champaign Williamson Franklin, L.L.C.  
 
      52.  
     Chardon Ohio Property Holdings, L.L.C.  
 
      53.  
     Chardon Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      54.  
     Chatham Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      55.  
     Chippewa Valley, L.L.C.  
 
      56.  
     CHR Bartow LLC  
 
      57.  
     CHR Boca Raton  LLC  
 
      58.  
     CHR Bradenton LLC  
 
      59.  
     CHR Cape Coral LLC  
 
      60.  
     CHR Fort Myers LLC  
 
      61.  
     CHR Fort Walton Beach LLC  
 
      62.  
     CHR Lake Wales LLC  
 
      63.  
     CHR Lakeland LLC  
 
      64.  
     CHR Pompano Beach Broward LLC  
 
      65.  
     CHR Pompano Beach LLC  
 
      66.  
     CHR Sanford LLC  
 
      67.  
     CHR Spring Hill LLC  
 
      68.  
     CHR St. Pete Bay LLC  
 
      69.  
     CHR St. Pete Egret LLC  
 
      70.  
     CHR Tampa Carrollwood LLC  
 
      71.  
     CHR Tampa LLC  
 
      72.  
     CHR Tarpon Springs LLC  
 
      73.  
     CHR Titusville LLC  
 
      74.  
     Clarkston Care, L.L.C.  
 
      75.  
     Clayton Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      76.  
     Colonial Gardens, LLC  
 
      77.  
     Colonial Madison Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      78.  
     Colorado Lessor - Conifer, LLC  
 
      79.  
     Columbus Texas Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      80.  
     Columbus Western Avenue, L.L.C.  
 
      81.  
     Colville Washington Property, L.L.C.  
 
      82.  
     Commerce Nursing Homes, L.L.C.  
 
      83.  
     Commerce Sterling Hart Drive, L.L.C.  
 
      84.  
     Conroe Rigby Owen Road, L.L.C.  
 
      85.  
     CR Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      86.  
     Crete Plus Five Property, L.L.C.  
 
      87.  
     Crooked River Road, L.L.C.  
 
      88.  
     CSE Albany LLC  

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

498.  
     Oso Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      499.  
     Ostrom Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      500.  
     Palm Valley Senior Care, LLC  
 
      501.  
     Panama City Nursing Center LLC  
 
      502.  
     Pavillion North Partners, LLC  
 
      503.  
     Pavillion North, LLP  
 
      504.  
     Pavillion Nursing Center North, LLC  
 
      505.  
     Peabody Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      506.  
     Peabody Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      507.  
     Pennington Road Property, L.L.C.  
 
      508.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, Inc.)  
 
      509.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, Inc.)  
 
      510.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, Inc.)  
 
      511.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, Inc.)  
 
      512.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, Inc.)  
 
      513.  
     Pocatello Idaho Property, L.L.C.  
 
      514.  
     Pomona Vista L.L.C.  
 
      515.  
     Prescott Arkansas, L.L.C.  
 
      516.  
     PV Realty-Clinton, LLC  
 
      517.  
     PV Realty-Kensington, LLC  
 
      518.  
     PV Realty Willow Tree, LLC  
 
      519.  
     Raton Property Limited Company  
 
      520.  
     Ravenna Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      521.  
     Red Rocks, L.L.C.  
 
      522.  
     Richland Washington, L.L.C.  
 
      523.  
     Ridgecrest Senior Care, LLC  
 
      524.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      525.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      526.  
     Rockingham Drive Property, L.L.C.  
 
      527.  
     Rose Baldwin Park Property L.L.C.  
 
      528.  
     S.C. Portfolio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      529.  
     Salem Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      530.  
     San Juan NH Property, LLC  
 
      531.  
     Sandalwood Arkansas Property, L.L.C.  
 
      532.  
     Santa Ana-Bartlett, L.L.C.  
 
      533.  
     Santa Fe Missouri Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      534.  
     Savoy/Bonham Venture, L.L.C.  
 
      535.  
     Searcy Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      536.  
     Sedgwick Properties, L.L.C.  
 
      537.  
     Seguin Texas Property, L.L.C.  
 
      538.  
     Sierra Ponds Property, L.L.C.  

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

[Schedule I   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

Schedule II  

NEW SUBSIDIARIES 

1.  
     OHI Asset (MO) Jackson, LLC  
 
      2.  
     OHI Asset (CO) Brighton, LLC  
 
      3.  
     OHI Asset (CO) Mesa, LLC  
 
      4.  
     OHI Asset (CO) Denver, LLC  
 
      5.  
     OHI Asset (TX) Longview, LLC  
 
      6.  
     OHI Asset (TX) Athens, LLC  
 
      7.  
     OHI Asset (TX) Winnsboro ALF, LLC  
 
      8.  
     OHI Asset (FL) Middleburg, LLC  
 
      9.  
     OHI Asset (SC) Five Forks, LLC  
 
      10.  
     OHI Asset (VA) Midlothian, LLC  

[Schedule II   9th Supplemental Indenture
  2025 Notes] 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-4.4>
 5
 t1600667_ex4-4.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.4

Exhibit 4.4  

SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  

  (Senior Notes due 2027)  

THIS SIXTH SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE  (this   Sixth Supplemental Indenture  ) is dated as of August 9, 2016, among OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS,
INC., a Maryland corporation (the   Issuer  ), each of the entities listed on Schedule II hereto (the   New
Subsidiaries  ) and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association organized and existing under the laws
of the United States of America, as trustee (the   Trustee  ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS ,
the Issuer and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries listed on  Schedule I  hereto (collectively, the   Subsidiary
Guarantors  ) have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of March 18, 2015 (as supplemented
by that First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2015, that Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 4, 2015,
that Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2015, that Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2016,
and that Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2016; the   Indenture  ) providing for the issuance
of the Issuer s 4.500% Senior Notes due 2027 (the   Notes  );  

WHEREAS ,
Section 9.01(a)(4) of the Indenture authorizes the Issuer and the Trustee, together, to amend or supplement the Indenture, without
notice to or consent of any Holder of the Notes and without the execution of such amendment or supplement by existing Subsidiary
Guarantors, for the purpose of adding any additional Subsidiary Guarantee by any additional Guarantor;  

WHEREAS ,
pursuant to Section 4.09 of the Indenture, the New Subsidiaries are required to become Subsidiary Guarantors;  

WHEREAS ,
in Section 1.01 of the Indenture, the term  Subsidiary Guarantors  is defined to include all Persons that become a
Subsidiary Guarantor by the terms of the Indenture after the Closing Date; and  

WHEREAS ,
Section 10.01 of the Indenture provides that each Subsidiary Guarantor shall be a guarantor of the Issuer s obligations under
the Notes, subject to the terms and conditions described in the Indenture.  

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the
Issuer, the New Subsidiaries and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the
Notes as follows:  

1.    CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.    

[6th Supplemental Indenture   2027
Notes] 

2.    AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE. The New Subsidiaries hereby agree, jointly
and severally with all other Subsidiary Guarantors, to guarantee the Issuer s obligations under the Notes on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, and to be bound by, and to receive the benefit of, all other applicable provisions
of the Indenture as Subsidiary Guarantors. Such guarantee shall be evidenced by the New Subsidiaries  execution of Subsidiary
Guarantees, the form of which is attached as Exhibit E to the Indenture, and shall be effective as of the date hereof.    

3.    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder, member, manager or controlling person of the New Subsidiaries, as such, shall have
any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantees, the Indenture or this
Sixth Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each
Holder of the Notes, by accepting and holding a Note, waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part
of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes.    

4.    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. The laws of the State of New York shall
govern and be used to construe this Sixth Supplemental Indenture.    

5.    COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this
Sixth Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together shall represent the same agreement.    

6.    EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof.    

7.    THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner
whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Sixth Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals
contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Issuer and the New Subsidiaries.    

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank] 

[6th Supplemental Indenture   2027
Notes] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have caused this Sixth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.  

ISSUER :   

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC. ,    

a Maryland corporation   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

NEW SUBSIDIARIES :   

ON BEHALF OF EACH OF THE NEW SUBSIDIARIES LISTED ON SCHEDULE II   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

[Signatures continued on the following page] 

[Signature Page   6th Supplemental
Indenture   2027 Notes] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,   

as Trustee  

By: 
     /s/ David Ferrell  

Name: 
     David Ferrell  

Title: 
     Vice President  

[Signature Page   6th Supplemental
Indenture   2027 Notes] 

Schedule I 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

42.  
     Bradenton ALF Property, L.L.C.  
 
      43.  
     Burton NH Property, L.L.C.  
 
      44.  
     California Aviv Two, L.L.C.  
 
      45.  
     California Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      46.  
     Camas Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      47.  
     Canton Health Care Land, LLC (f/k/a Canton Health Care Land, Inc.)  
 
      48.  
     Carnegie Gardens LLC  
 
      49.  
     Casa/Sierra California Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      50.  
     CFG 2115 Woodstock Place LLC  
 
      51.  
     Champaign Williamson Franklin, L.L.C.  
 
      52.  
     Chardon Ohio Property Holdings, L.L.C.  
 
      53.  
     Chardon Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      54.  
     Chatham Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      55.  
     Chippewa Valley, L.L.C.  
 
      56.  
     CHR Bartow LLC  
 
      57.  
     CHR Boca Raton  LLC  
 
      58.  
     CHR Bradenton LLC  
 
      59.  
     CHR Cape Coral LLC  
 
      60.  
     CHR Fort Myers LLC  
 
      61.  
     CHR Fort Walton Beach LLC  
 
      62.  
     CHR Lake Wales LLC  
 
      63.  
     CHR Lakeland LLC  
 
      64.  
     CHR Pompano Beach Broward LLC  
 
      65.  
     CHR Pompano Beach LLC  
 
      66.  
     CHR Sanford LLC  
 
      67.  
     CHR Spring Hill LLC  
 
      68.  
     CHR St. Pete Bay LLC  
 
      69.  
     CHR St. Pete Egret LLC  
 
      70.  
     CHR Tampa Carrollwood LLC  
 
      71.  
     CHR Tampa LLC  
 
      72.  
     CHR Tarpon Springs LLC  
 
      73.  
     CHR Titusville LLC  
 
      74.  
     Clarkston Care, L.L.C.  
 
      75.  
     Clayton Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      76.  
     Colonial Gardens, LLC  
 
      77.  
     Colonial Madison Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      78.  
     Colorado Lessor - Conifer, LLC  
 
      79.  
     Columbus Texas Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      80.  
     Columbus Western Avenue, L.L.C.  
 
      81.  
     Colville Washington Property, L.L.C.  
 
      82.  
     Commerce Nursing Homes, L.L.C.  
 
      83.  
     Commerce Sterling Hart Drive, L.L.C.  
 
      84.  
     Conroe Rigby Owen Road, L.L.C.  
 
      85.  
     CR Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      86.  
     Crete Plus Five Property, L.L.C.  
 
      87.  
     Crooked River Road, L.L.C.  

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

497.  
     Oregon Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      498.  
     Oso Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      499.  
     Ostrom Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      500.  
     Palm Valley Senior Care, LLC  
 
      501.  
     Panama City Nursing Center LLC  
 
      502.  
     Pavillion North Partners, LLC  
 
      503.  
     Pavillion North, LLP  
 
      504.  
     Pavillion Nursing Center North, LLC  
 
      505.  
     Peabody Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      506.  
     Peabody Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      507.  
     Pennington Road Property, L.L.C.  
 
      508.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, Inc.)  
 
      509.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, Inc.)  
 
      510.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, Inc.)  
 
      511.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, Inc.)  
 
      512.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, Inc.)  
 
      513.  
     Pocatello Idaho Property, L.L.C.  
 
      514.  
     Pomona Vista L.L.C.  
 
      515.  
     Prescott Arkansas, L.L.C.  
 
      516.  
     PV Realty-Clinton, LLC  
 
      517.  
     PV Realty-Kensington, LLC  
 
      518.  
     PV Realty Willow Tree, LLC  
 
      519.  
     Raton Property Limited Company  
 
      520.  
     Ravenna Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      521.  
     Red Rocks, L.L.C.  
 
      522.  
     Richland Washington, L.L.C.  
 
      523.  
     Ridgecrest Senior Care, LLC  
 
      524.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      525.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      526.  
     Rockingham Drive Property, L.L.C.  
 
      527.  
     Rose Baldwin Park Property L.L.C.  
 
      528.  
     S.C. Portfolio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      529.  
     Salem Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      530.  
     San Juan NH Property, LLC  
 
      531.  
     Sandalwood Arkansas Property, L.L.C.  
 
      532.  
     Santa Ana-Bartlett, L.L.C.  
 
      533.  
     Santa Fe Missouri Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      534.  
     Savoy/Bonham Venture, L.L.C.  
 
      535.  
     Searcy Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      536.  
     Sedgwick Properties, L.L.C.  
 
      537.  
     Seguin Texas Property, L.L.C.  

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

[Schedule I   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

Schedule II  

NEW SUBSIDIARIES 

1. 
     OHI Asset (MO) Jackson, LLC  
 
     2. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Brighton, LLC  
 
     3. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Mesa, LLC  
 
     4. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Denver, LLC  
 
     5. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Longview, LLC  
 
     6. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Athens, LLC  
 
     7. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Winnsboro ALF, LLC  
 
     8. 
     OHI Asset (FL) Middleburg, LLC  
 
     9. 
     OHI Asset (SC) Five Forks, LLC  
 
     10. 
     OHI Asset (VA) Midlothian, LLC  

[Schedule II   6th Supplemental Indenture
  2027 Notes] 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-4.5>
 6
 t1600667_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5  

FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  

  (Senior Notes due 2026)  

THIS FOURTH SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE  (this   Fourth Supplemental Indenture  ) is dated as of August 9, 2016, among OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS,
INC., a Maryland corporation (the   Issuer  ), each of the entities listed on Schedule II hereto (collectively,
the   New Subsidiaries  ) and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association organized and existing
under the laws of the United States of America, as trustee (the   Trustee  ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS ,
the Issuer and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries listed on  Schedule I  hereto (collectively, the   Subsidiary
Guarantors  ) have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of September 23, 2015 (as supplemented
by that First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2015, that Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 29, 2016,
and that Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2016; the   Indenture  ) providing for the issuance
of the Issuer s 5.250 % Senior Notes due 2026 (the   Notes  );  

WHEREAS ,
Section 9.01(a)(4) of the Indenture authorizes the Issuer and the Trustee, together, to amend or supplement the Indenture, without
notice to or consent of any Holder of the Notes and without the execution of such amendment or supplement by existing Subsidiary
Guarantors, for the purpose of adding any additional Subsidiary Guarantee by any additional Guarantor;  

WHEREAS ,
pursuant to Section 4.09 of the Indenture, the New Subsidiaries are required to become Subsidiary Guarantors;  

WHEREAS ,
in Section 1.01 of the Indenture, the term  Subsidiary Guarantors  is defined to include all Persons that become a
Subsidiary Guarantor by the terms of the Indenture after the Closing Date; and  

WHEREAS ,
Section 10.01 of the Indenture provides that each Subsidiary Guarantor shall be a guarantor of the Issuer s obligations under
the Notes, subject to the terms and conditions described in the Indenture.  

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the
Issuer, the New Subsidiaries and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the
Notes as follows:  

1.    CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.    

[4th Supplemental Indenture   2026
Notes] 

2.    AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE. The New Subsidiaries hereby agree, jointly
and severally with all other Subsidiary Guarantors, to guarantee the Issuer s obligations under the Notes on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, and to be bound by, and to receive the benefit of, all other applicable provisions
of the Indenture as Subsidiary Guarantors. Such guarantee shall be evidenced by the New Subsidiaries  execution of Subsidiary
Guarantees, the form of which is attached as Exhibit E to the Indenture, and shall be effective as of the date hereof.    

3.    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder, member, manager or controlling person of the New Subsidiaries, as such, shall have
any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantees, the Indenture or this
Fourth Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each
Holder of the Notes, by accepting and holding a Note, waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part
of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes.    

4.    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. The laws of the State of New York shall
govern and be used to construe this Fourth Supplemental Indenture.    

5.    COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this
Fourth Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together shall represent the same agreement.    

6.    EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof.    

7.    THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner
whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Fourth Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals
contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Issuer and the New Subsidiaries.    

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank] 

[4th Supplemental Indenture   2026
Notes] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have caused this Fourth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.  

ISSUER :   

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC. ,    

a Maryland corporation   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J.Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

NEW SUBSIDIARIES :   

ON BEHALF OF EACH OF THE NEW SUBSIDIARIES LISTED ON SCHEDULE II   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

[Signatures continued on the following page] 

[Signature Page   4th Supplemental
Indenture   2026 Notes] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,   

as Trustee  

By: 
     /s/ David Ferrell  

Name: 
     David Ferrell  

Title: 
     Vice President  

[Signature Page   4th Supplemental
Indenture   2026 Notes] 

Schedule I 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

42.  
     Bradenton ALF Property, L.L.C.  
 
      43.  
     Burton NH Property, L.L.C.  
 
      44.  
     California Aviv Two, L.L.C.  
 
      45.  
     California Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      46.  
     Camas Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      47.  
     Canton Health Care Land, LLC (f/k/a Canton Health Care Land, Inc.)  
 
      48.  
     Carnegie Gardens LLC  
 
      49.  
     Casa/Sierra California Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      50.  
     CFG 2115 Woodstock Place LLC  
 
      51.  
     Champaign Williamson Franklin, L.L.C.  
 
      52.  
     Chardon Ohio Property Holdings, L.L.C.  
 
      53.  
     Chardon Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      54.  
     Chatham Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      55.  
     Chippewa Valley, L.L.C.  
 
      56.  
     CHR Bartow LLC  
 
      57.  
     CHR Boca Raton  LLC  
 
      58.  
     CHR Bradenton LLC  
 
      59.  
     CHR Cape Coral LLC  
 
      60.  
     CHR Fort Myers LLC  
 
      61.  
     CHR Fort Walton Beach LLC  
 
      62.  
     CHR Lake Wales LLC  
 
      63.  
     CHR Lakeland LLC  
 
      64.  
     CHR Pompano Beach Broward LLC  
 
      65.  
     CHR Pompano Beach LLC  
 
      66.  
     CHR Sanford LLC  
 
      67.  
     CHR Spring Hill LLC  
 
      68.  
     CHR St. Pete Bay LLC  
 
      69.  
     CHR St. Pete Egret LLC  
 
      70.  
     CHR Tampa Carrollwood LLC  
 
      71.  
     CHR Tampa LLC  
 
      72.  
     CHR Tarpon Springs LLC  
 
      73.  
     CHR Titusville LLC  
 
      74.  
     Clarkston Care, L.L.C.  
 
      75.  
     Clayton Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      76.  
     Colonial Gardens, LLC  
 
      77.  
     Colonial Madison Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      78.  
     Colorado Lessor - Conifer, LLC  
 
      79.  
     Columbus Texas Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      80.  
     Columbus Western Avenue, L.L.C.  
 
      81.  
     Colville Washington Property, L.L.C.  
 
      82.  
     Commerce Nursing Homes, L.L.C.  
 
      83.  
     Commerce Sterling Hart Drive, L.L.C.  
 
      84.  
     Conroe Rigby Owen Road, L.L.C.  
 
      85.  
     CR Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      86.  
     Crete Plus Five Property, L.L.C.  
 
      87.  
     Crooked River Road, L.L.C.  

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

497.  
     Oso Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      498.  
     Ostrom Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      499.  
     Palm Valley Senior Care, LLC  
 
      500.  
     Panama City Nursing Center LLC  
 
      501.  
     Pavillion North Partners, LLC  
 
      502.  
     Pavillion North, LLP  
 
      503.  
     Pavillion Nursing Center North, LLC  
 
      504.  
     Peabody Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      505.  
     Peabody Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      506.  
     Pennington Road Property, L.L.C.  
 
      507.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, Inc.)  
 
      508.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, Inc.)  
 
      509.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, Inc.)  
 
      510.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, Inc.)  
 
      511.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, Inc.)  
 
      512.  
     Pocatello Idaho Property, L.L.C.  
 
      513.  
     Pomona Vista L.L.C.  
 
      514.  
     Prescott Arkansas, L.L.C.  
 
      515.  
     PV Realty-Clinton, LLC  
 
      516.  
     PV Realty-Kensington, LLC  
 
      517.  
     PV Realty Willow Tree, LLC  
 
      518.  
     Raton Property Limited Company  
 
      519.  
     Ravenna Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      520.  
     Red Rocks, L.L.C.  
 
      521.  
     Richland Washington, L.L.C.  
 
      522.  
     Ridgecrest Senior Care, LLC  
 
      523.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      524.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      525.  
     Rockingham Drive Property, L.L.C.  
 
      526.  
     Rose Baldwin Park Property L.L.C.  
 
      527.  
     S.C. Portfolio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      528.  
     Salem Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      529.  
     San Juan NH Property, LLC  
 
      530.  
     Sandalwood Arkansas Property, L.L.C.  
 
      531.  
     Santa Ana-Bartlett, L.L.C.  
 
      532.  
     Santa Fe Missouri Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      533.  
     Savoy/Bonham Venture, L.L.C.  
 
      534.  
     Searcy Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      535.  
     Sedgwick Properties, L.L.C.  
 
      536.  
     Seguin Texas Property, L.L.C.  
 
      537.  
     Sierra Ponds Property, L.L.C.  

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

[Schedule I   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

Schedule II  

NEW SUBSIDIARIES 

1. 
     OHI Asset (MO) Jackson, LLC  
 
     2. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Brighton, LLC  
 
     3. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Mesa, LLC  
 
     4. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Denver, LLC  
 
     5. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Longview, LLC  
 
     6. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Athens, LLC  
 
     7. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Winnsboro ALF, LLC  
 
     8. 
     OHI Asset (FL) Middleburg, LLC  
 
     9. 
     OHI Asset (SC) Five Forks, LLC  
 
     10. 
     OHI Asset (VA) Midlothian, LLC  

[Schedule II   4th Supplemental Indenture
  2026 Notes] 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-4.6A>
 7
 t1600667_ex4-6a.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.6A

Exhibit 4.6A  

FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE  

  (Senior Notes due 2023)  

THIS FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL
INDENTURE  (this   First Supplemental Indenture  ) is dated as of August 9, 2016, among OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS,
INC., a Maryland corporation (the   Issuer  ), each of the entities listed on  Schedule II  hereto (collectively,
the   New Subsidiaries  ) and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association organized and existing
under the laws of the United States of America, as trustee (the   Trustee  ). 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

WHEREAS ,
the Issuer and each of its direct and indirect subsidiaries listed on  Schedule I  hereto (collectively, the   Subsidiary
Guarantors  ) have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated as of July 12, 2016 (the   Indenture  )
providing for the issuance of the Issuer s 4.375 % Senior Notes due 2023 (the   Notes  );  

WHEREAS ,
Section 9.01(a)(4) of the Indenture authorizes the Issuer and the Trustee, together, to amend or supplement the Indenture, without
notice to or consent of any Holder of the Notes and without the execution of such amendment or supplement by existing Subsidiary
Guarantors, for the purpose of adding any additional Subsidiary Guarantee by any additional Guarantor;  

WHEREAS ,
pursuant to Section 4.09 of the Indenture, the New Subsidiaries are required to become Subsidiary Guarantors;  

WHEREAS ,
in Section 1.01 of the Indenture, the term  Subsidiary Guarantors  is defined to include all Persons that become a
Subsidiary Guarantor by the terms of the Indenture after the Closing Date; and  

WHEREAS ,
Section 10.01 of the Indenture provides that each Subsidiary Guarantor shall be a guarantor of the Issuer s obligations under
the Notes, subject to the terms and conditions described in the Indenture.  

NOW, THEREFORE ,
in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the
Issuer, the New Subsidiaries and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the
Notes as follows:  

1.    CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.    

[1 st  Supplemental Indenture  
2023 Notes] 

2.    AMENDMENT TO GUARANTEE. The New Subsidiaries hereby agree, jointly
and severally with all other Subsidiary Guarantors, to guarantee the Issuer s obligations under the Notes on the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, and to be bound by, and to receive the benefit of, all other applicable provisions
of the Indenture as Subsidiary Guarantors. Such guarantee shall be evidenced by the New Subsidiaries  execution of Subsidiary
Guarantees, the form of which is attached as Exhibit C to the Indenture, and shall be effective as of the date hereof.    

3.    NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No past, present or future director,
officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder, member, manager or controlling person of the New Subsidiaries, as such, shall have
any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor under the Notes, any Guarantees, the Indenture or this
First Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each
Holder of the Notes, by accepting and holding a Note, waives and releases all such liability. Such waiver and release are part
of the consideration for the issuance of the Notes.    

4.    NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. The laws of the State of New York shall
govern and be used to construe this First Supplemental Indenture.    

5.    COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this
First Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together shall represent the same agreement.    

6.    EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience
only and shall not affect the construction hereof.    

7.    THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner
whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this First Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals
contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Issuer and the New Subsidiaries.    

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left
Blank] 

[4th Supplemental Indenture   2023
Notes] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the parties hereto have caused this First Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.  

ISSUER :   

OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS, INC. ,    

a Maryland corporation   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

NEW SUBSIDIARIES :   

ON BEHALF OF EACH OF THE NEW SUBSIDIARIES LISTED ON SCHEDULE II   

By:  
      /s/ Daniel J. Booth   

Daniel J. Booth   

Chief Operating Officer and Secretary   

[Signatures continued on the following page] 

[Signature Page   1st Supplemental
Indenture   2023 Notes] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,   

as Trustee  

By: 
     /s/ David Ferrell  

Name: 
     David Ferrell  

Title: 
     Vice President  

[Signature Page   1st Supplemental
Indenture   2023 Notes] 

Schedule I 

SUBSIDIARY GUARANTORS 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

42.  
     Bradenton ALF Property, L.L.C.  
 
      43.  
     Burton NH Property, L.L.C.  
 
      44.  
     California Aviv Two, L.L.C.  
 
      45.  
     California Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      46.  
     Camas Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      47.  
     Canton Health Care Land, LLC (f/k/a Canton Health Care Land, Inc.)  
 
      48.  
     Carnegie Gardens LLC  
 
      49.  
     Casa/Sierra California Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      50.  
     CFG 2115 Woodstock Place LLC  
 
      51.  
     Champaign Williamson Franklin, L.L.C.  
 
      52.  
     Chardon Ohio Property Holdings, L.L.C.  
 
      53.  
     Chardon Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      54.  
     Chatham Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      55.  
     Chippewa Valley, L.L.C.  
 
      56.  
     CHR Bartow LLC  
 
      57.  
     CHR Boca Raton  LLC  
 
      58.  
     CHR Bradenton LLC  
 
      59.  
     CHR Cape Coral LLC  
 
      60.  
     CHR Fort Myers LLC  
 
      61.  
     CHR Fort Walton Beach LLC  
 
      62.  
     CHR Lake Wales LLC  
 
      63.  
     CHR Lakeland LLC  
 
      64.  
     CHR Pompano Beach Broward LLC  
 
      65.  
     CHR Pompano Beach LLC  
 
      66.  
     CHR Sanford LLC  
 
      67.  
     CHR Spring Hill LLC  
 
      68.  
     CHR St. Pete Bay LLC  
 
      69.  
     CHR St. Pete Egret LLC  
 
      70.  
     CHR Tampa Carrollwood LLC  
 
      71.  
     CHR Tampa LLC  
 
      72.  
     CHR Tarpon Springs LLC  
 
      73.  
     CHR Titusville LLC  
 
      74.  
     Clarkston Care, L.L.C.  
 
      75.  
     Clayton Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      76.  
     Colonial Gardens, LLC  
 
      77.  
     Colonial Madison Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      78.  
     Colorado Lessor - Conifer, LLC  
 
      79.  
     Columbus Texas Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      80.  
     Columbus Western Avenue, L.L.C.  
 
      81.  
     Colville Washington Property, L.L.C.  
 
      82.  
     Commerce Nursing Homes, L.L.C.  
 
      83.  
     Commerce Sterling Hart Drive, L.L.C.  
 
      84.  
     Conroe Rigby Owen Road, L.L.C.  
 
      85.  
     CR Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      86.  
     Crete Plus Five Property, L.L.C.  
 
      87.  
     Crooked River Road, L.L.C.  

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

497.  
     Oso Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      498.  
     Ostrom Avenue Property, L.L.C.  
 
      499.  
     Palm Valley Senior Care, LLC  
 
      500.  
     Panama City Nursing Center LLC  
 
      501.  
     Pavillion North Partners, LLC  
 
      502.  
     Pavillion North, LLP  
 
      503.  
     Pavillion Nursing Center North, LLC  
 
      504.  
     Peabody Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      505.  
     Peabody Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      506.  
     Pennington Road Property, L.L.C.  
 
      507.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings I, Inc.)  
 
      508.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings II, Inc.)  
 
      509.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings III, Inc.)  
 
      510.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings IV, Inc.)  
 
      511.  
     Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, LLC (f/k/a Pensacola Real Estate Holdings V, Inc.)  
 
      512.  
     Pocatello Idaho Property, L.L.C.  
 
      513.  
     Pomona Vista L.L.C.  
 
      514.  
     Prescott Arkansas, L.L.C.  
 
      515.  
     PV Realty-Clinton, LLC  
 
      516.  
     PV Realty-Kensington, LLC  
 
      517.  
     PV Realty Willow Tree, LLC  
 
      518.  
     Raton Property Limited Company  
 
      519.  
     Ravenna Ohio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      520.  
     Red Rocks, L.L.C.  
 
      521.  
     Richland Washington, L.L.C.  
 
      522.  
     Ridgecrest Senior Care, LLC  
 
      523.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates Two, L.L.C.  
 
      524.  
     Riverside Nursing Home Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      525.  
     Rockingham Drive Property, L.L.C.  
 
      526.  
     Rose Baldwin Park Property L.L.C.  
 
      527.  
     S.C. Portfolio Property, L.L.C.  
 
      528.  
     Salem Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      529.  
     San Juan NH Property, LLC  
 
      530.  
     Sandalwood Arkansas Property, L.L.C.  
 
      531.  
     Santa Ana-Bartlett, L.L.C.  
 
      532.  
     Santa Fe Missouri Associates, L.L.C.  
 
      533.  
     Savoy/Bonham Venture, L.L.C.  
 
      534.  
     Searcy Aviv, L.L.C.  
 
      535.  
     Sedgwick Properties, L.L.C.  
 
      536.  
     Seguin Texas Property, L.L.C.  
 
      537.  
     Sierra Ponds Property, L.L.C.  

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

[Schedule I   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

Schedule II  

NEW SUBSIDIARIES 

1. 
     OHI Asset (MO) Jackson, LLC  
 
     2. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Brighton, LLC  
 
     3. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Mesa, LLC  
 
     4. 
     OHI Asset (CO) Denver, LLC  
 
     5. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Longview, LLC  
 
     6. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Athens, LLC  
 
     7. 
     OHI Asset (TX) Winnsboro ALF, LLC  
 
     8. 
     OHI Asset (FL) Middleburg, LLC  
 
     9. 
     OHI Asset (SC) Five Forks, LLC  
 
     10. 
     OHI Asset (VA) Midlothian, LLC  

[Schedule II   1st Supplemental Indenture
  2023 Notes] 

</EX-4.6A>

<EX-12.1>
 8
 t1600667_ex12-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 12.1 

RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES  

The following table
sets forth our ratio of earnings to fixed charges on a reported basis for the periods indicated. Earnings consist of income from
continuing operations plus fixed charges. Fixed charges consist of interest expense, amortization of deferred financing costs and
costs related to retiring certain debt early. We have calculated the ratio of earnings to fixed charges by adding net income from
continuing operations to fixed charges and dividing that sum by such fixed charges. 

(1)   Includes interest refinancing
                                         costs, gains and losses on refinancing and amortization of deferred financing costs.   

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 t1600667_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1   

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

Certification  

 I, C. Taylor Pickett, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:     November 8, 2016  

/S/ C. TAYLOR PICKETT  

C. Taylor Pickett  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 t1600667_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2   

RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

Certifications  

 I, Robert O. Stephenson, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b.  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:     November 8, 2016  

/S/ ROBERT O. STEPHENSON  

Robert O. Stephenson  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 t1600667_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION  

  OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

I, C. Taylor Pickett, Chief
Executive Officer of Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2016
(the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:     November 8, 2016 

/S/   
      C. TAYLOR PICKETT  

C. Taylor Pickett  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 t1600667_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION  

  OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

I, Robert O. Stephenson,
Chief Financial Officer of Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2016
(the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended; and   

(2)  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:     November 8, 2016 

/S/  
      ROBERT O. STEPHENSON  

Robert O. Stephenson  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 13
 ohi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 ohi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 ohi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 ohi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 ohi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 ohi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

