<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1653247_0001144204-16-134221_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1538908</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>56796</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>109102</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>291332</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>619991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>429423</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>11</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134221.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114162604
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134221
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Landcadia Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001653247
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37788
		FILM NUMBER:		161995110

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1510 WEST LOOP SOUTH
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-850-1010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1510 WEST LOOP SOUTH
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77027

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134221.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v451633_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x   
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from               to                      

Landcadia Holdings, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

001-37788  

 (Commission File Number) 

Delaware  
       
      26-3828008   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organization) 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.)  

1510 West Loop South Houston, Texas 77027  

 (Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code:  713-850-1010  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.     x Yes       No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).       x Yes   
   No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer     
     Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer   x    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
      Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     x Yes       No 

As of November 11, 2016, 6,250,000 shares of Class F common
stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 25,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share were issued and
outstanding. 

LANDCADIA HOLDINGS, INC.  

  FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page  
 
     Part I. 
      Financial Information  

Item 1. 
      Financial Statements  

Balance Sheets  
     1  

Statements of Operations  
     2  

Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity  
     3  

Statements of Cash Flows  
     4  

Notes to Financial Statements  
     5  

Item 2. 
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     13  

Item 3. 
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     14  

Item 4. 
      Controls and Procedures  
     15  
 
     Part II. 
      Other Information  

Item 1. 
      Legal Proceedings  
     15  

Item 1A. 
      Risk Factors  
     15  

Item 2. 
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     15  

Item 3. 
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
     16  

Item 4. 
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     16  

Item 5. 
      Other Information  
     16  

Item 6. 
      Exhibits  
     16  

Landcadia
Holdings, Inc.   

    PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

Landcadia
Holdings, inc.   

   (formerly,
leucadia development corporation)   

   Balance
Sheets   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

1  

Landcadia
Holdings, Inc.   

   (Formerly,
Leucadia development corporation)   

   Statements
of Operations   

(1)  Excludes shares subject to redemption for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and forfeited shares in all periods (see Note 3). 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

2  

Landcadia
Holdings, Inc.   

   (formerly,
leucadia development corporation)   

   Statements
of Changes in Stockholder s Equity   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

3  

Landcadia
Holdings, Inc.   

   (formerly,
leucadia development corporation)   

   Statements
of Cash Flows   

The accompany notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

4  

Landcadia
Holdings, Inc.   

   (formerly,
leucadia development corporation)   

   Notes
to Financial Statements   

1.    Nature of Business    

Business  

Landcadia Holdings, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (the  Company ), was incorporated in Delaware on November 19, 2008 as Leucadia Development Corporation,
and changed its name to Landcadia Holdings, Inc. on September 15, 2015. The Company is an emerging growth company as defined in
Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act and, as such, is subject to all the risks associated with emerging growth companies. 

The Company has not had any
significant operations to date. The Company is a blank-check company formed to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination (the  Business Combination ) with one or more operating
businesses. All activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s initial public offering ( Public
Offering ), and search for a Business Combination. There is no assurance that its plans to consummate a Business Combination
will be successful within the target business acquisition period, as described herein. 

Sponsors  

The Company s sponsors
are Fertitta Entertainment, Inc., a Texas corporation, ( FEI Sponsor ) and Leucadia National Corporation, a New York
corporation, ( Leucadia Sponsor , and together with FEI Sponsor, the  Sponsors ). The FEI Sponsor is wholly
owned by Tilman J. Fertitta, the Company s Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 

Financing  

The registration statement for
the Company s Public Offering was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on
May 25, 2016. The Company intends to finance its Business Combination in part with proceeds from the $250,000,000 Public Offering
and the $7,000,000 private placement of sponsor warrants ( Private Placement ), see Notes 4 and 5. Upon the closing
of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, on June 1, 2016, $250,000,000 was placed in a trust account (the  Trust
Account ), with Continental Stock Transfer   Trust Company acting as trustee. 

Trust Account  

Funds held in the Trust Account
can only be invested in permitted United States   government securities   within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 180
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which
invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

The Company s second amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (the  Certificate of Incorporation ) provides that, other than the withdrawal
of interest to pay income taxes, if any, none of the funds held in trust will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of the Business Combination; or (ii) the redemption of any shares of Class A common stock ( Public Shares ) included
in the units sold in the Public Offering properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Certificate of Incorporation
to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not
complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public Offering; or (iii) the redemption of 100% of
the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Public
Offering. 

5  

Initial Business Combination  

The initial Business Combination
must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held
in the Trust Account, excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned by the Trust Account,
at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. 

The Company, after signing a
definitive agreement for the Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination at a meeting
called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote
for or against the Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest but
less taxes payable, or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender
offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to commencement of the tender offer, including
interest but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Business Combination
or will allow stockholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely at its discretion, and will
be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require the Company to seek stockholder approval. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete the Business Combination
only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. However, in
no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001.
In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Business Combination, and
instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing
redemption rights, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination and it conducts redemptions in connection
with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a  group 
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate
of 15% of the shares sold in the Public Offering. 

If the Company holds a stockholder
vote in connection with the Business Combination, a public stockholder will have the right to redeem its shares for an amount in
cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days
prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable. As a result, such Public Shares
are recorded at redemption value and classified as temporary equity following completion of the Public Offering ( Redeemable
Shares ), in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ( FASB, ASC )
480,   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.   The amount in the Trust Account was initially $10.00 per
Public Share ($250,000,000 held in the Trust Account divided by 25,000,000 public common shares). For further information regarding
the Redeemable Shares, see Note 3. 

The Company will have 24 months
from the closing of the Public Offering to complete the Business Combination. If the Company does not complete the Business Combination
within this period of time, it shall (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust
Account, including interest (less taxes payable and up to $50,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses), and (iii)
as promptly as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company s net assets to its
remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The Sponsors and certain persons who received unregistered
shares of Class F common stock of the Company (the   Initial Stockholders  ) have entered into letter agreements
with the Company, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to participate in any redemption with respect to their Class
F shares; however, if the Initial Stockholders or any of the Company s officers, directors or affiliates acquire shares of
Class A common stock in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account in respect
of such Class A shares upon the Company s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete the Business
Combination within the required time period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the
residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than the initial public offering
price per Unit in the Public Offering. 

6  

Pursuant to the letter agreements
reference above, the Initial Stockholders also agreed that, if the Company submits the Business Combination to the Company s
public stockholders for a vote, the Initial Stockholders will vote their Founder Shares and any public shares purchased during
or after the Public Offering in favor of the Business Combination. 

Fiscal Year End  

The Company s fiscal year
ends on December 31. 

2.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

Basis of Presentation  

Our accompanying financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. The interim financial information
provided is unaudited, but includes all adjustments which management considers necessary for the fair presentation of our results
for these periods. Operating results for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for
the full year period. The accompanying unaudited, interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s
audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s prospectus filed with the SEC on May 26, 2016, as
well as the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2016. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of these financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Emerging Growth Company  

Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of
securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The
JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply
to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with another public company
which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition
period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

7  

Cash and cash equivalents  

The Company considers all short-term
investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Cash consists of proceeds from
the Public Offering and Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account and may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting
due diligence for the Business Combination and continuing general and administrative expenses. 

Concentration of credit risk  

Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of cash accounts with a financial institution which, at times, may
exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and the
Company believes that it is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Fair Value of financial instruments  

The fair value of the Company s
assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under the FASB ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures, 
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet. 

Offering costs  

The Company complies with the
requirements of the FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB ) Topic 5A-  Expenses of Offering .
Offering costs of approximately $654,840, consisted of costs incurred in connection with the formation and preparation of the Public
Offering. These costs, together with $13,750,000 in underwriting commissions, have been charged to additional paid-in capital upon
the closing of the Public Offering. For further discussion on underwriting commissions see Notes 4 and 5. 

Prepaid expenses  

Prepaid expenses of $181,425
consist of directors and officers insurance premiums which will be expensed over the two-year term of the policy from May 26, 2016
to May 26, 2018. 

Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities  

Accounts payable and accrued
liabilities of $175,345 at September 30, 2016, consist of insurance payable for directors and officers insurance premiums as well
as administrative costs incurred for the Company. 

Earnings per Share  

Earnings per share is
computed by dividing net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period, plus to the extent dilutive, the incremental number of shares of common stock to be issued in
connection with the conversion of Class F common stock or to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock method.
In accordance with FASB ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share , the earning per share calculation reflects the effect of
the stock splits as discussed in Note 3, for all periods presented. All shares of Class F common stock are assumed to convert
to shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Further, Class A shares of common stock subject to possible
redemption have been excluded from the calculation of earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, see Note 3. As of September 30, 2016, the Company did not have any securities or other contracts that could,
potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock that were dilutive. As a result, diluted earnings per share is the
same as basic earnings per share for all periods presented. 

8  

Income taxes  

The Company complies with the
accounting and reporting requirements of FASB ASC, 740,  Income Taxes,  which requires an asset and liability approach
to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts,
based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation
allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

There were no unrecognized tax
benefits as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute
for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those
benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were
accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The Company is currently not aware
of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company
is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities. The income tax provision was deemed to be immaterial for the
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Subsequent Events  

We have evaluated subsequent
events to determine if events or transactions occurring through the date the financial statements were issued, require potential
adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements. The Company has concluded that all such events have been recognized or
disclosed in the financial statements. 

3.    Stockholders  Equity    

In 2008, the Leucadia Sponsor
purchased an aggregate of 1,000 shares of the Company s common stock (100% of the issued and outstanding shares) for $1,000.
On September 15, 2015, the Company increased the total number of authorized shares of all classes of capital stock to 221,000,000,
of which 200,000,000 shares are Class A shares at par value $0.0001 per share; 20,000,000 shares are Class F shares at par value
$0.0001 per share; and 1,000,000 shares are Preferred stock at par value $0.0001 per share. As of September 30, 2016, there were
no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

On September 15, 2015, the Company
reclassified all of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock to Class F common stock ( Founders Shares ),
and conducted a 1:7,187.5 stock split. On September 16, 2015, the Company issued 7,187,500 additional Founder Shares to the FEI
Sponsor for $10,000. On October 1, 2015, the Company completed a 5:1 reverse stock split of the Founder Shares. On April 27, 2016,
the Company conducted a 1:3 stock split, and on May 25, 2016, each of the Sponsors returned to the Company, at no cost, 718,750
Founders Shares (1,437,500 total shares), which were cancelled. The over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters
and as such, the Sponsors forfeited 937,500 shares, which were returned to the Company, at no cost, on June 30, 2016. The financial
statements reflect the changes of the splits retroactively for all periods presented. Following these transactions, each of the
Sponsors owned 50% of the 6,250,000 issued and outstanding Founders Shares and the Company had $11,000 of invested capital, or
$0.0018 per share prior to the offering and private placement. 

Redeemable Shares  

All of the 25,000,000 Public
Shares sold as part of the Public Offering contain a redemption feature as defined in the Public Offering. In accordance with FASB
ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent
equity. The Certificate of Incorporation provides a minimum net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001. The Company recognizes
changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption
value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of Redemption Shares will be affected
by charges against additional paid-in capital. 

9  

At September 30, 2016, there
were 25,000,000 Public Shares, of which 23,748,819 were recorded as Redeemable Shares, classified outside of permanent equity,
and 1,251,181 were classified as Class A common stock. 

For further information on the
Founders Shares and Sponsor Warrants, see Note 5. 

4.    Public Offering    

Public Units  

In the Public Offering, the
Company sold 25,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit ( Units ). Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value and one redeemable common stock purchase warrant (each a  Public Warrant ).
Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file a new registration statement under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended ( Securities Act ), following the completion of the Business Combination covering
the Class A common stock underlying the Public Warrants. Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of
Class A common stock at a price of $5.75 ($11.50 per whole share). No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants.
If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company will, upon
exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A shares to be issued to the warrant holder. Each Public Warrant
will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination or 12 months from the closing
of the Public Offering. However, if the Company does not complete the Business Combination on or prior to the 24-month period allotted
to complete the Business Combination, the Warrants will expire at the end of such period. If the Company is unable to deliver registered
shares of Class A common stock to the holder upon exercise of Public Warrants issued in connection with the Units during the exercise
period, there will be no net cash settlement of these Public Warrants and the Public Warrants will expire worthless, unless they
may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described in the warrant agreement. Once the Public Warrants become exercisable,
the Company may call the warrants for redemption: (i) in whole and not in part; (ii) at a price of $0.01 per warrant; (iii) upon
not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the  30-day redemption period ) to each warrant holder; and
(iv) if, and only if, the reported closing price of the Public Shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days
within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

Underwriting Commissions  

The Company paid an underwriting
discount of $5,000,000 ($0.20 per Unit sold) to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering, with an additional fee
( Deferred Discount ) of $8,750,000 ($0.35 per Unit sold) payable upon the Company s completion of the Business
Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in
the event the Company completes its Business Combination. See Note 5 for further information on underwriting commissions. 

5.    Related Party Transactions    

Founder Shares  

The Founder Shares are identical
to the Public Shares included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer
restrictions and the holders of the Founders Shares will have the right to elect all of the Company s directors prior to
the Business Combination. The initial stockholders collectively own 20% of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after
the Public Offering. 

The initial stockholders have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until one year after the completion of the Business Combination,
or earlier if, subsequent to the Business Combination, (i) the closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds
$12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the
Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the Business Combination that results
in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other
property ( Lock Up Period ). 

10  

The Founder Shares will automatically
convert into Public Shares at the time of the Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described in
the Public Offering. In the case that additional Public Shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess
of the amounts offered in the Public Offering and related to the closing of the Business Combination, the ratio at which the Founder
Shares shall convert into Public Shares will be adjusted so that the number of Public Shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder
Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding
upon the completion of the Public Offering plus all Public Shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with the business combination, excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business
Combination or pursuant to the Sponsor Warrants (as defined below). 

Class A Shares  

As a result of the Public Offering,
Jefferies LLC, an affiliate of Leucadia sponsor, owns 638,561 Units. 

Sponsor Warrants  

The Sponsors have purchased
an aggregate of 14,000,000 warrants ( Sponsor Warrants ) at a price of $0.50 per warrant ($7,000,000 in the aggregate)
in the Private Placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering. A portion of the purchase price of
the Sponsor Warrants has been added to the net proceeds from the Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account such that at closing
of the Public Offering, $250,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. 

Each Sponsor Warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class A common stock at $5.75 per one-half share. The Sponsor Warrants (including
the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Sponsor Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until
30 days after the completion of the Business Combination and they will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial
purchasers of the Sponsor Warrants or their permitted transferees. If the Sponsor Warrants are held by someone other than the initial
purchasers of the Sponsor Warrants or their permitted transferees, the Sponsor Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable
by such holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units being sold in the Public Offering. Otherwise, the Sponsor
Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants except that the Sponsor Warrants may be exercised
on a cashless basis. If the Company does not complete the Business Combination, then the proceeds will be part of the liquidating
distribution to the public stockholders and the Sponsor Warrants issued to the Sponsors will expire worthless. 

Registration Rights  

The initial stockholders and
holders of the Sponsor Warrants will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed
on or before the date of the Public Offering. The initial stockholders and holders of the Sponsor Warrants will be entitled to
make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under the
Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have   piggy-back   registration rights to include their
securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the
Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the
applicable Lock Up Period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Commissions  

The Leucadia Sponsor is an affiliate
of Jefferies LLC, an underwriter of the Public Offering, and beneficially owns 50% of the Company s Class F common stock.
Jefferies LLC received an underwriting discount of $2,125,000 at the closing of the Public Offering, with an additional Deferred
Discount of $3,718,750 payable from the Trust Account upon completion of the Business Combination. See Note 4 for further information
regarding underwriting commissions. 

11  

Administrative Services Agreement  

We entered into an administrative
services agreement in which the Company will pay the FEI Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided
to members of the Company s management team, in an amount not to exceed $10,000 per month. 

The Sponsors have agreed that
they will be jointly and severally liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products
sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) the actual amount per
public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of
the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Company s sponsors
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. 

Sponsor Loans  

The Sponsors agreed to loan
the Company up to an aggregate of $300,000 by the issuance of unsecured promissory notes to cover expenses related to the Public
Offering. These loans are payable without interest on the earlier of September 30, 2016 or the completion of the Public Offering.
As of September 30, 2016, all Notes Payable to affiliates were repaid in full. 

Receivable/payable
to affiliates  

Accounts receivable/payable
to affiliates is comprised of advances for organizational and other formation costs to be reimbursed to Sponsors. As of September
30, 2016, $4,300 was owed to Landcadia for advances in administrative fees paid. 

In addition, the Sponsors will
not be prohibited from loaning the Company funds in order to finance transaction costs in connection with the Business Combination.
Up to $1,500,000 of these loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $0.50 per
warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Sponsor Warrants. The terms of such loans have not
been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. 

12  

Landcadia
Holdings, Inc.   

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future
developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that
we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control)
or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by
these forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our
management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward-looking statements. The words  anticipate,   believe,   continue,   could, 
 estimate,   expect,   intends,   may,   might,   plan, 
 possible,   potential,   predict,   project,   should,   would 
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. Factors that might cause or contribute to such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, those set forth in the Risk Factors section of the Company s registration statement and prospectus for the Company s
offering filed with the SEC. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes
thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

Overview  

We are a blank check company incorporated
as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses ( Business Combination ). We consummated
our initial public offering ( Public Offering ) on June 1, 2016 and are currently in the process of locating suitable
targets for our Business Combination. We intend to use the cash proceeds from our public offering and private placement of warrants
as well as additional issuances, if any, of our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt to complete the Business
Combination. 

The Company s co-sponsors are Fertitta
Entertainment, Inc. and Leucadia National Corporation. Tilman J. Fertitta, the Company s Co-Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, is the sole shareholder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Fertitta Entertainment, Inc., and Richard Handler, the
Company s Co-Chairman and President, is the Chief Executive Officer of Leucadia National Corporation. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

On June 1, 2016 we consummated a $250,000,000
Public Offering consisting of 25,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit ( Units ). Each Unit consists of one share
of the Company s Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value and one redeemable common stock purchase warrant. Simultaneously,
with the closing of the Public Offering, we consummated a $7,000,000 private sale of an aggregate of 14,000,000 warrants ( Private
Placement ) at a price of $0.50 per warrant. $250,000,000 in proceeds (including $8,750,000 of deferred underwriting commissions)
from the Public Offering and Private Placement was placed into a trust account. A portion of the remaining $7,000,000 held outside
of trust was used to pay underwriting commissions of $5,000,000, loans to Sponsors and deferred offering and formation costs. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had an unrestricted
cash balance of $1,222,446 as well as cash and accrued interest held in trust of $250,107,374. Our working capital needs will be
satisfied through the funds, held outside of the Trust Account, from the Public Offering. Further, our sponsors may, but are not
obligated to, loan us funds as may be required in connection with the Business Combination. Up to $1,500,000 of these loans may
be converted into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of $0.50 per warrant at the option of the lender,
identical to the sponsor warrants. 

13  

Results of Operations  

We have neither engaged in any significant
business operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 relate to our
formation and preparation costs for our Public Offering. We will generate small amounts of non-operating income in the form of
interest income on cash and cash equivalents. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for
legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses as we locate a suitable
Business Combination. 

For the three months ended September
30, 2016, we had net income of $32,093 related to interest income from the Trust Account offset by general and administrative
formation costs and management fees to related parties of $30,000. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we had a net
loss of $4,055. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the unaudited financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. The Company has identified the following as its critical accounting policies: 

Redeemable Shares  

All of the 25,000,000 Public Shares sold
as part of the Public Offering contain a redemption feature as defined in the Public Offering. In accordance with FASB ASC 480,
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require
the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. The Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides a minimum net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as
they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting periods.
Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of Redemption Shares will be affected by charges against additional paid-in capital.
At September 30, 2016, there were 25,000,000 Public Shares, of which 23,748,819 were recorded as Redeemable Shares, classified
outside of permanent equity, and 1,251,181 were classified as Class A common stock. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying financial
statements. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of September 30, 2016. 

Contractual Obligations  

As of September 30, 2016, we did not have
any long-term debt, capital or operating lease obligations. We have recorded deferred underwriting commissions payable upon the
completion of the Business Combination. 

We entered into an administrative services
agreement in which the Company will pay the FEI Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members
of the Company s management team, in an amount not to exceed $10,000 per month. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk.  

As of September 30, 2016, we were not subject
to any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, placed in the Trust Account,
may be invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest
rate risk. 

14  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure controls and procedures are
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon their evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15
(e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 

There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ending September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonable
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

As of the date of this Report, there have
been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our prospectus dated May 25, 2016 except we may disclose changes to
such risk factors or disclose additional risk factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

Unregistered Sales  

In a series of transactions prior to the
Public Offering, the Sponsors acquired an aggregate of 6,250,000 Founders Shares for $11,000, or approximately $0.0018 per share.
The Founder Shares are identical to the Public Shares included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder
Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions and the holders of the Founders Shares will have the right to elect all of
the Company s directors prior to the Business Combination. The initial stockholders collectively own 20% of the Company s
issued and outstanding shares after the Public Offering. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Public Shares at the
time of the Business Combination as described in the Company s prospectus relating to the Public Offering. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the
Public Offering, the Sponsors purchased an aggregate of 14,000,000 Sponsor Warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant ($7,000,000
in the aggregate) in the Private Placement. Each Sponsor Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one-half of one share of Class
A common stock at $5.75 per one-half share. 

15  

Use of Proceeds  

On June 1, 2016, we consummated a $250,000,000
Public Offering consisting of 25,000,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value and one redeemable common stock purchase warrant. Upon closing of the Public Offering and
Private Placement, $250,000,000 was placed into the Trust Account. A portion of the remaining $7,000,000 held outside of trust
was used to pay underwriting commissions of $5,000,000, loans to Sponsors and offering and organizational costs of the business.
In addition the underwriters have agreed to defer fees of $8,750,000 until the completion of the Business Combination. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

None. 

Item 5. Other Information  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

16  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LANDCADIA HOLDINGS, INC.   

By: 
     /s/ Tilman J. Fertitta  

Name: Tilman J. Fertitta  

Title: Chief Executive Officer  

(principal executive officer)  

By: 
     /s/ Richard H. Liem  

Name: Richard H. Liem  

Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(principal financial officer and principal accounting officer)  

Dated: November 14, 2016 

17  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451633_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CEO 

I, Tilman J. Fertitta, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of
Landcadia Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/
    Tilman J. Fertitta   

Tilman J. Fertitta  

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451633_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION OF CFO 

I, Richard H. Liem, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of
Landcadia Holdings, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/
    Richard H. Liem   

Richard H. Liem  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451633_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIOD REPORT 

I, Tilman J. Fertitta, Chief Executive
Officer of Landcadia Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/ Tilman J. Fertitta 

Tilman J. Fertitta  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451633_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PERIOD REPORT 

I, Richard H. Liem, Chief Financial
Officer of Landcadia Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

2.  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: November 14, 2016   

/s/
    Richard H. Liem   

Richard H. Liem   

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 lca-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lca-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 lca-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lca-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lca-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lca-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

