<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1394108_0001554795-16-000915_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2027700</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76086</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>158653</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>362471</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>775264</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>614130</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>30</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-16-000915.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114150016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-16-000915
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AJ GREENTECH HOLDINGS.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001394108
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				472148252
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53737
		FILM NUMBER:		161993983

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		136-20 38TH AVE.
		STREET 2:		UNIT 3G
		CITY:			FLUSHING
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11354
		BUSINESS PHONE:		718-395-8706

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		136-20 38TH AVE.
		STREET 2:		UNIT 3G
		CITY:			FLUSHING
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11354

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN JIANYE GREENTECH HOLDINGS, LTD.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100330

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Gateway Certifications, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070322

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-16-000915.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 ajgh1114form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

 _______________ 

FORM 10-Q  

QUARTERLY
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

  For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the transition period from ______ to _______ 

Commission File Number 000-53737  

AJ GREENTECH HOLDINGS, LTD.   

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Nevada    
 
      (State of incorporation)   

136-20 38th Ave. Unit 3G  

  Flushing, NY 11354  

  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  

   _______________  

718-395-8706   
 (Issuer Telephone number)  

  _______________  

Check whether the issuer (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2)has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Yes      
No      

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a larger accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer and
large accelerated filer  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one)  

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes     No     

At September
30, 2016, there were   58,985,537   shares of the
registrant's common stock issued and outstanding.  

AJ GREENTECH HOLDINGS, LTD.  

  FORM 10-Q  

  September 30, 2016  

  INDEX  

PART I-- FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      Financial Statements   
 
      Item 2.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
 
      Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
 
      Item 4.  
      Control and Procedures   

PART II-- OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1  
      Legal Proceedings   
 
       Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
 
       Item 3.  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
 
       Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures   
 
       Item 5.  
      Other Information   
 
       Item 6.  
      Exhibits   
 
       SIGNATURES    

AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd.   

  September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  Index to the consolidated financial statements  

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial
statements. 

See accompanying notes
to the consolidated financial statements. 

See accompanying notes to
the consolidated financial statements. 

AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd. 

 September 30, 2016 and 2015 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

  (Unaudited)  

Note 1   Organization and Basis of
presentation  

Organization  

AJ Greentech Holdings Ltd. is a Nevada corporation
incorporated on August 30, 2006, under the name Gateway Certifications, Inc.  On November 16, 2009, our corporate name
was changed to American Jianye Greentech Holdings, Ltd. and on February 13, 2014, our corporate name was changed to AJ Greentech
Holdings, Ltd. 

From November 2009 until October 2013, through
our China subsidiaries, we were engaged in design, marketing and distributing of alcohol base clean fuel that are designed to use
less fossil fuel and have less pollution than traditional fuel.   

On October 31, 2013, pursuant to agreements
with one of our former directors, we transferred the stock in our China subsidiaries to the former director in exchange for cancellation
of debt totaling $240,000.  As a result of the transfer of the subsidiaries, we were no longer engaged in the China cleanfuel
business.  We transferred the stock of the China subsidiaries because we felt that, it not our best interest to continue
China cleanfuel business as a result of our decreasing revenue, continued losses and inability to raise capital for our business 

On October 31, 2013, Chu Li An acquired, for
nominal consideration, 8,000,000 shares of common stock from the director who acquired the subsidiaries and 12,778,399 shares of
common stock from The Chairman, who was also a director.  On November 1, 2013, Chu Li An and the Company entered
into a loan agreement pursuant to which the Chu Li An agreed to lend us $100,000 initially with future loan amount up to $1,000,000,
for which we will issue our 6% demand promissory note in the principal amount of $100,000.  As of September 30, 2016,
the note has not been issued. 

On November 18, 2013, we entered into agreement
pursuant to which we issued to Chu Li An and her BVI company, our sole director and chief executive officer, 180,000,000 shares
of common stock, in consideration of the cancellation of debt due to Chu Li An in the amount of $180,000. 

On November 30, 2013, the Company entered into
an agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding stock of Jin Chih International, Ltd., a Taiwan corporation, from its
sole owner Chu Li An   for five million shares of the Company s common stock. On May 10, 2016, the shares were
issued to Chu Li An. 

As a result of the above transactions, we carry
out the electronic products and general cargo trading and related consulting service business through our subsidiary named Jin
Chih International, Ltd in Taiwan. We still plan to focus on providing greentech products outside of China in future. Even though
the company has disposed China branches, the company's new management will continue to expand the current green energy and technology
business in the United States and globally, at the same time to explore much other green and renewable energy such as solar, wind
power, sea power by signing licensing agreement or joint venture with other research institutes .  

Basis of presentation  

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
of AJ Greentech Holdings Ltd. (the  Company ) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ). 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management
makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made. However, actual results could differ
materially from those results. 

Segment Information  

ASC 280 requires companies to report information
about operating segment in interim and annual financial statements. It also requires segment disclosures about products and services
geographic and major customers. The Company has determined that it does not have any separately reportable operating segments. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts  

Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced
amount, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company follows paragraph 310-10-50-9 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company performs on-going credit evaluations of its customers and adjusts
credit limits based upon payment history and the customer s current credit worthiness, as determined by the review of their
current credit information; and determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical write-off experience, customer
specific facts and economic conditions. 

Outstanding account balances are reviewed individually
for collectability. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
in the Company s existing accounts receivable. Bad debt expense is included in general and administrative expenses, if any.
Pursuant to paragraph 310-10-50-2 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification account balances are charged off against the allowance
after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company has adopted
paragraph 310-10-50-6 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and determine when receivables are past due or delinquent based
on how recently payments have been received. 

Inventories  

The Company values inventories, consisting
of raw materials, packaging material and finished goods, at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on the first-in and
first-out ( FIFO ) method for raw materials and packaging materials and the weighted average cost method for finished
goods. Cost of finished goods comprises direct labor, direct materials, direct production cost and an allocated portion of production
overhead. The Company reduces inventories for the diminution of value, resulting from product obsolescence, damage or other issues
affecting marketability, equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated market value. Factors utilized
in the determination of estimated market value include (i) current sales data and historical return rates, (ii) estimates of future
demand, (iii) competitive pricing pressures, (iv)new product introductions, (v) product expiration dates, and (vi) component and
packaging obsolescence. 

The Company evaluates its current level of
inventories considering historical sales and other factors and, based on this evaluation, classify inventory markdowns in the income
statement as a component of cost of goods sold pursuant to Paragraph 420-10-S99 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to
adjust inventories to net realizable value. These markdowns are estimates, which could vary significantly from actual requirements
if future economic conditions, customer demand or competition differ from expectations. Other significant estimates include the
allocation of variable and fixed production overheads. While variable production overheads are allocated to each unit of production
on the basis of actual use of production facilities, the allocation of fixed production overhead to the costs of conversion is
based on the normal capacity of the Company s production facilities, and recognizes abnormal idle facility expenses as current
period charges. Certain costs, including categories of indirect materials, indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs
which are included in the overhead pools are estimated. The management of the Company determines its normal capacity based upon
the amount of operating hours of the manufacturing machinery and equipment in a reporting period. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company s revenue recognition policies
are in compliance with ASC 605 (Originally issued as Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 104). Revenue is recognized at the date of
shipment to customers when a formal arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, the delivery is completed, no other
significant obligations of the Company exist and collectability is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the relevant
criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned revenue.   Discounts provided to customers
by the Company at the time of sale are recognized as a reduction in sales as the products are sold. Sales taxes are not recorded
as a component of sales. 

The Company derives its revenues from sales
contracts with customers with revenues being generated upon the shipment of merchandise. Persuasive evidence of an arrangement
is demonstrated via sales invoice or contract; product delivery is evidenced by warehouse shipping log as well as a signed acknowledgement
of receipt from the customers or a signed bill of lading from the third party trucking company and title transfers upon shipment,
based on free on board ( FOB ) warehouse terms; the sales price to the customer is fixed upon acceptance of the signed
purchase order or contract and there is no separate sales rebate, discount, or volume incentive. When the Company recognizes revenue,
no provisions are made for returns because, historically, there have been very few sales returns and adjustments that have impacted
the ultimate collection of revenues. 

The Company markets and distributes electronic
products and general cargo for automobile use and follows Section 605-45-45 (formerly EITF 99-19) ( ASC Section 605-45-45 )
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition to report revenue gross as a principal for its sales since
the Company (1) acts as principal in the transaction, (2) takes title to the products, (3) has risks and rewards of ownership,
such as the risk of loss for collection, delivery, or returns, and (4) does not act as an agent or broker (including performing
services, in substance, as an agent or broker) with compensation on a commission or fee basis on its sales. The management of the
Company determined that the Company should report revenue based on the gross amount billed to a customer when considering each
of the following eight (8) indicators of gross revenue reporting listed in ASC Paragraph 605-45-45-4 through 605-45-45-14 as specified
(1) The entity is the primary obligor in the arrangement   The Company signs a product sales agreement with its customer
and represents in writing that the Company is responsible for fulfillment, including the acceptability of the product(s) or service(s)
ordered or purchased by the customer; (2) The entity has general inventory risk (before customer order is placed or upon customer
return); (3) The entity has latitude in establishing price   The Company has reasonable latitude, within economic constraints,
to establish the exchange price with a customer for the product or service; (4) The entity changes the product or performs part
of the service   The Company developed a method for blending the raw materials in its manufacturing process, through its
proprietary technology, catalysts can be mixed with fuel and alcohols to become a finished product to be sold after pumping and
piping; (5) The entity has discretion in supplier selection   The Company has multiple suppliers for the products ordered
by a customer and discretion to select the supplier that will provide the product(s) or service(s) ordered by a customer; (6) The
entity is involved in the determination of product or service specifications   The Company determines the nature, type, characteristics,
or specifications of the product(s) or service(s) ordered by the customer; (7) The entity has physical loss inventory risk of purchased
inventories after customer order; and (8) The entity has credit risk   The Company is responsible for collecting the sales
price from its customer but must pay the amount owed to its supplier after the supplier performs, regardless of whether the sales
price is fully collected. 

Net sales of products represent the invoiced
value of goods, net of value added taxes ( VAT ). The Company is subject to VAT which is levied on all of the Company s
products at the rate of 5% on the invoiced value of sales. Sales or Output VAT is borne by customers in addition to the invoiced
value of sales and Purchase or Input VAT is borne by the Company in addition to the invoiced value of purchases to the extent not
refunded for export sales. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The fair values of the Company s accrued
expenses and other current liabilities approximate their carrying values due to the relatively short maturities of these instruments.
The carrying value of the Company s short and long term debt approximates fair value based on management s best estimate
of the interest rates that would be available for similar debt obligations having similar terms at the balance sheet date. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

The Company accounts for the impairment and
disposition of long-lived assets in accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment. The Company periodically evaluates
long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not
be recoverable. If the estimated future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) from the use of an asset were less
than the carrying value, a write-down would be recorded to reduce the related asset to its estimated fair value. 

The assumptions used by management in determining
the future cash flows are critical. In the event these expected cash flows are not realized, future impairment losses may be recorded. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance
with ASC 740, Income Taxes, which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets based on the differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates in effect
in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income tax benefit (expense) results from the change in net deferred
tax assets or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely
than not that some or all of any deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

The Company adopted ASC 740-10-25, Income Taxes-
Overall-Recognition, on January 1, 2007, which provides criteria for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure
of uncertain tax position. The Company must recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely
than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the
position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit
that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The Company did not recognize any additional
liabilities for uncertain tax positions as a result of the implementation of ASC 740-10-25. 

Net Income (Loss) per Share  

The Company calculates its basic and diluted
earnings per share in accordance with ASC 260. Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share are calculated by adjusting the weighted average
outstanding shares to assume conversion of all potentially dilutive warrants and options and convertible securities.  

Translation Adjustment  

The Company s financial statements are
presented in the U.S. dollar ($), which is the Company s reporting and functional currency. The functional currency of the
Company s subsidiaries is TWD. Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded at the functional currency rate
prevailing at the date of transaction. Any differences between the initially recorded amount and the settlement amount are recorded
as a gain or loss on foreign currency transaction in the consolidated statements of operations. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currency are translated at the functional currency rate of exchange prevailing at the balance sheet date.
Any differences are taken to profit or loss as a gain or loss on foreign currency translation in the statements of operations. 

In accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency
Matters, the Company translates the assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars using the rate of exchange prevailing at the
balance sheet date and the statements of operations and cash flows are translated at an average rate during the reporting period.
Adjustments resulting from the translation from TWD into U.S. dollar are recorded in stockholders  equity as part of accumulated
other comprehensive income. The exchange rates used for the financial statements in accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters,
are as follows: 

Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

Comprehensive income (loss) includes
accumulated foreign currency translation gains and losses with respect to the spun-off entities and the operating entity in Taiwan. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2014, the FASB issued the FASB Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-15   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 ).  

In connection with preparing financial statements
for each annual and interim reporting period, an entity s management should evaluate whether there are conditions or events,
considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern within
one year after the date that the  financial statements are issued  (or within one year after the date that the  financial
statements are available to be issued  when applicable). Management s evaluation should be based on relevant conditions
and events that are known and reasonably knowable at the date that the  financial statements are issued  (or at the date that
the  financial statements are available to be issued  when applicable). Substantial doubt about an entity s ability
to continue as a going concern exists when relevant conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that it is probable
that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements
are issued (or available to be issued). The term  probable  is used consistently with its use in Topic 450, Contingencies. 

When management identifies conditions or events
that raise substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, management should consider whether
its plans that are intended to mitigate those relevant conditions or events will alleviate the substantial doubt. The mitigating
effect of management s plans should be considered only to the extent that (1) it is probable that the plans will be effectively
implemented and, if so, (2) it is probable that the plans will mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about
the entity s ability to continue as a going concern. 

If conditions or events raise substantial doubt
about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, but the substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration
of management s plans, the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial statements to understand
all of the following (or refer to similar information disclosed elsewhere in the footnotes): 

a.  Principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the entity s ability to
continue as a going concern (before consideration of management s plans)   

b.  Management s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to
the entity s ability to meet its obligations   

c.  Management s plans that alleviated substantial doubt about the entity s ability to
continue as a going concern.   

If conditions or events raise substantial doubt
about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and substantial doubt is not alleviated after consideration of
management s plans, an entity should include a statement in the footnotes indicating that there is  substantial doubt about
the entity s ability to continue as a going concern  within one year after the date that the financial statements are
issued (or available to be issued). Additionally, the entity should disclose information that enables users of the financial statements
to understand all of the following: 

a.  Principal conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to
continue as a going concern   

b.  Management s evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to
the entity s ability to meet its obligations   

c.  Management s plans that are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial
doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern.   

The amendments in this Update are effective
for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application
is permitted. 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material effect on the accompanying financial
statements. 

Note 3   Going Concern  

There are no assurances that the Company will
be able to either (1) achieve a level of revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations; or (2) obtain additional
financing through either private placement, public offerings and/or bank financing necessary to support the Company s working
capital requirements. To the extent that funds generated from any private placements, public offering and/or bank financing are
insufficient to support the Company s working capital requirements, the Company will have to raise additional working capital
from additional financing. No assurance can be given that additional financing will be available, or if available, will be on terms
acceptable to the Company. If adequate working capital is not available, the Company may not be able continue its operations. 

These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to
the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary
should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Note 4   Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 consisted of the following: 

Note 5   Short term investment   

For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company
sold out 200,000 shares per $10TWD of GaoPing XiNeng electric power Co., Ltd and 47,000 shares per $10.036TWD issued by YangXin
commercial bank Co., Ltd. 

For the period ended September 30, 2016, the
Company sold out 100,000 shares per $10TWD of GaoPing XiNeng electric power Co., Ltd. 

Note 6   Property, Plant and Equipment  

Property, plant and equipment, stated at cost,
less accumulated depreciation at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015   consisted of the
following: 

On July 6, 2015, the Company sold out the land
and Buildings. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded depreciation expense of nil and $5,053,
respectively. 

Note 7   Prepayments
and other     current assets   

Note 8   Borrowing  

The long term debt should be repaid as equal
principal by month. The long term debt -the term less than 1 year represented the amount should be repaid within 1 year. 

NOTE 9   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The total amount advance from related parties
consisted of the advance from shareholders for the investment, working capital and the expense. The balance was $84,837 and $84,837
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

During the nine months ended September 30,
2015, the Company returned $1,072,082 to shareholder, Chu Li An. 

NOTE 10   LONG TERM DEBT  

The long term debt should be repaid as equal
principal by month. The long term debt -the term less than 1 year represented the amount should be repaid within 1 year. 

NOTE 11
- TAXES PAYABLE   

NOTE 12   INCOME TAXES  

The Company did not provide any current or
deferred U.S. federal income tax provision or benefit for any of the periods presented because the Company has experienced operating
losses for U.S. federal income tax purposes since inception. When it is more likely than not that a tax asset cannot be realized
through future income the Company must allow for this future tax benefit.  The operating subsidiary is organized and
located in the TaiWan and does not conduct any business in the United States. 

Taxation on profits earned in the TaiWan has
been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing in the TaiWan where the Company
operates after taking into account the benefits from any special tax credits or  tax holidays  allowed in the county
of operations. 

In accordance with the relevant tax laws in
the TaiWan, the Company statutory rate were 17% and 17% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and year ended December 31,
2015, respectively. 

The components of the income tax (benefit)
expense are as follows: 

NOTE 13   COMMON STOCK  

On April 7, 2014, the shareholder, Chu Li An
contributed $165,500 capital to the Company. 

On June 30, 2015, the Company made a reverse
split of its common stock at the rate of 1 for 1500. 

On July 10, 2015, the Company issued 50,000,000
shares with a par value of $0.001 per share for cash. The cash was finally offset with debt cancel due to shareholder. 

On July 10, 2015, the Company issued 800,000
shares with a par value of $0.01 per share in exchange for consulting services of $8,000. 

On August 6, 2015, the Company issued 5,000,000
shares with a par value of $0.001 per share and 2,500,000 shares with a par value of $0.01 per share for cash. The cash was finally
offset with debt cancel due to shareholder. 

On April 4, 2016, the Company issued 5,000
shares to two investors with a par value of $4.00 per share for cash. 

On May 10, 2016, the Company issued 2,000 shares
to an investor with a par value of $4.00 per share for cash. 

On May 10, 2016, the Company issued 3,000 shares
to an investor with a par value of $5.00 per share for cash. 

On May 10, 2016, the Company issued 21,000
shares to an investor with a par value of $4.7619 per share for cash. 

On May 10, 2016, the Company issued 3,333 shares
to the shareholder Chu Li An for the acquisition of Jin Chih International, Ltd., a Taiwan corporation on November 30, 2013. 

On July 12, 2016, the Company issued 1,600
shares to six investors with a par value of $10.00 per share for Cash. 

On July 12, 2016, the Company issued 700 shares
to an investor with a par value of $10.2857 per share for Cash. 

On July 12, 2016, the Company issued 500,000
shares with a par value of $0.01 per share in exchange for consulting services of $5,000. 

On July 12, 2016, the Company issued 1,250
shares to an investor with a par value of $2.4 per share for Cash. 

On Aug 7, 2016, the Company issued 200 shares
to an investor with a par value of $14 per share for Cash. 

On Aug 7, 2016, the Company issued 2,000 shares
with a par value of $0.01 per share in exchange for consulting services of $20. 

On Sep 6, 2016, the Company issued 2,400 shares
to an investor with a par value of $14 per share for Cash. 

The Company s capitalization is 394,500,000
common shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. There are a total of 58,985,537 and 58,443,054 common shares issued and outstanding
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. No preferred shares have been authorized or issued. 

NOTE 14  
FOREIGN OPERATIONS  

Operations    

Substantially all of the Company s operations
are carried out and all of its assets are located in the TaiWan. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environments in the TaiWan. The Company s
business may be influenced by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, monetary policies, anti-inflationary
measures, currency fluctuation and remittances and methods of taxation, among other things. 

Dividends and Reserves   

Under the laws of the TaiWan, net income after
taxation can only be distributed as dividends after appropriation has been made for the following: (i) cumulative prior years 
losses, if any; (ii) allocations to the  Statutory Surplus Reserve  of at least 10% of net income after tax, as determined
under TaiWan accounting rules and regulations, until the fund amounts to 50% of the Company s registered capital; (iii) allocations
of 5-10% of income after tax, as determined under TaoWan accounting rules and regulations, to the Company s  Statutory
Common Welfare Fund , which is established for the purpose of providing employee facilities and other collective benefits
to employees in PRC; and (iv) allocations to any discretionary surplus reserve, if approved by stockholders. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had no
Statutory Surplus Reserve and the Statutory Common Welfare Fund established and segregated in retained earnings. 

NOTE
15 - COMMITMENT AND CONTINGENCIES   

The
Company had bank loans. Based on the contract agreement, the future minimum repayments required for the coming years are as follows:  

The Company
did not have other significant capital commitments or significant guarantees as of September 30, 2016, respectively.  

NOTE 16  SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS  

The Company has performed an evaluation of
subsequent events in accordance with ASC Topic 855 and the Company is not aware of any other subsequent events which would require
recognition or disclosure in the financial statements. 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis
Of Financial Condition And Plan Of Operation.  

This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These include statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions
or strategies for the future, which we indicate by words or phrases such as  anticipate,   expect,   intend, 
 plan,   will,   we believe,   management believes  and similar language. The forward-looking
statements are based on the current expectations of the Company and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
including those set forth in the discussion under  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations  in this report. Actual results may differ materially from results anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
We base the forward-looking statements on information currently available to us, and we assume no obligation to update them. 

Investors are also advised to refer to the
information in our previous filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), especially on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K,
in which we discuss in more detail various important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic
results. It is not possible to foresee or identify all such factors. As such, investors should not consider any list of such factors
to be an exhaustive statement of all risks and uncertainties or potentially inaccurate assumptions. 

Overview  

From November 2009 until October, 2013, through
our China subsidiary, we were engaged in design, marketing and distributing of alcohol base clean fuel which are designed to use
less fossil fuel and have less pollution than traditional fuel.   

On October 31, 2013, pursuant to agreements
with one of our former directors, we transferred the stock in our China subsidiaries to the former director in exchange for cancellation
of debt totaling $240,000.  As a result of the transfer of the subsidiaries, we were no longer engaged in the China cleanfuel
business.  We transferred the stock of the China subsidiaries because we felt that, it's not our best interest to continue
China cleanfuel business as a result of our decreasing revenue, continued losses and inability to raise capital for our business. 

On November 30, 2013, the company entered into
an agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding stock of Jin Chih International, Ltd., a Taiwan corporation, from its
sole owner Chu Li An   for five million shares of the Company s common stock. On May 10, 2016, the shares has been
issued to Chu Li An. 

As a result of the above transactions, we carry
out the electronic products and general cargo trading and related consulting service business through our subsidiary named Jin
Chih International, Ltd in Taiwan. We still plan to focus on providing greentech products outside of China in future. Even though
the company has disposed China branches, the company's new management will continue to expand the current green energy and technology
business in the United States and globally, at the same time to explore many other green and renewable energy such as solar, wind
power, sea power by signing licensing agreement or joint venture with other research institutes .  

Results of Operations  

For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we derived our revenues of $  347,504 and  
$1,449,627 compared to $539,306 and $2,454,064 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, representing an decrease
of $191,802 and 1,004,437. Our sales came from the electronic products and general cargo trading and related consulting service
to our customers operated by the Taiwan subsidiary.   

Selling, general
and administrative expenses consist of provision for doubtful debts, primarily of payroll, local taxes, investor relation expenses
and professional fees. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September30, 2016 were
$80,302 and $258,968, comparing to $  481,806 and $558,201  
for the last period, representing a significant change as the consulting fees decreased.  

Our business
operates primarily in Taiwanese Dollars ( TWD ), but we report our results in our SEC filings in U.S. Dollars. The
conversion of our accounts from TWD to Dollars results in translation adjustments. While our net income is added to the retained
earnings on our balance sheets; the translation adjustments are added to a line item on our balance sheets labeled  accumulated
other comprehensive income,  since it is more reflective of changes in the relative values of U.S. and Taiwanese currencies
than of the success of our business. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the effect of converting our financial results
to U.S. Dollars was to increase $  37,291   to our accumulated
other comprehensive income.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our operations to date have been funded primarily
by operations, due from related parties and capital contributions. 

At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents of $202,539 and $  291,832  ,
respectively. Our cash at September 30, 2016 was decreased by $89,293 from December 31, 2015.  

Our
current assets at September 30, 2016 were $  2,053,889,  
compared to $  1,952,326   at December 31, 2015. This increase
mainly reflects increase in accounts receivable and prepayments and partially offset by decreases in cash, short-term investments.  

Our
current liabilities at September 30, 2016 were $  740,178  
compared to $  1,027,592   at December 31, 2015. This decrease
mainly reflects the decrease of borrowing, account payable, tax payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities.  

Statements of Cash
Flows  

Our cash decreased $89,293 during the first
nine months of 2016, as compared to the increased $9,745 during 2015. In the first nine months of 2016, we used cash the amounts
of $410,290 and $35,001 in operating activities and investing activities, we obtained cash the amounts of $318,707 from our financing
activities. In the first nine months of 2015, we obtained cash in the amount of $86,256 and $1,031,342 from operating activities
and investing activities, we used cash the amounts of $1,071,525 in our financing activities.    

Net Cash provided
by (Used in) Operating Activities   

In
the first nine months of 2016, net cash used in operating activities of $410,290 comprised of the  net loss $26,025,  and
the decrease in operating assets and liabilities $384,265.  

In
the first nine months of 2015, net cash provided by operating activities of $86,256 comprised of the net loss $324,936, the depreciation
and amortization $5,053, the Loss on sale of PPE $115,682 and the increase in operating assets and liabilities $290,457.  

Cash Provided
by (Used in) Investing Activities   

In the first nine
months of 2016 , net cash used in investing activities of $35,001 comprised of the decrease
of $10,589 short-term investment and the increase of $45,590 other assets .  

In the first  nine 
months of 2015 , net cash provided by investing activities of $1,031,342 comprised of the
decrease of $78,950 short-term investment and $952,392 Disposal of PPE.  

Cash Provided
by (Used in) Financing Activities   

In
 the first nine months of  2016, net cash provided by financing activities of $318,707
consisted of the  issuance of common stock $210,720,  the  increased 
 long term debt $212,581, and  repayment of borrowing $ 104,594 .  

In  the
first  nine  months of  2015, cash used in
financing activities of $1,071,525 consisted of the advance from related party repayment of $1,072,082, the decrease of
long term debt 368,551 and the increase of borrowing $288,308 and shares issued $80,800.  

 . 

  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

This discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements that have been prepared under accounting principle generally
accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

A summary of significant accounting policies
is included in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Of these policies, we believe that
the following items are the most critical in preparing our financial statements. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts   

 Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced
amount, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company follows paragraph 310-10-50-9 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company performs on-going credit evaluations of its customers and adjusts
credit limits based upon payment history and the customer s current credit worthiness, as determined by the review of their
current credit information; and determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical write-off experience, customer
specific facts and economic conditions. 

Outstanding account balances are reviewed individually
for collectability. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses
in the Company s existing accounts receivable. Bad debt expense is included in general and administrative expenses, if any.
Pursuant to paragraph 310-10-50-2 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification account balances are charged off against the allowance
after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company has adopted
paragraph 310-10-50-6 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and determine when receivables are past due or delinquent based
on how recently payments have been received. 

Inventories   

 The Company values inventories,
consisting of raw materials, packaging material and finished goods, at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on the
first-in and first-out ( FIFO ) method for raw materials and packaging materials and the weighted average cost
method for finished goods. Cost of finished goods comprises direct labor, direct materials, direct production cost and an
allocated portion of production overhead. The Company reduces inventories for the diminution of value, resulting from product
obsolescence, damage or other issues affecting marketability, equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and
its estimated market value. Factors utilized in the determination of estimated market value include (i) current sales data
and historical return rates, (ii) estimates of future demand, (iii) competitive pricing pressures, (iv) new product
introductions, (v) product expiration dates, and (vi) component and packaging obsolescence. 

The Company evaluates its current level of
inventories considering historical sales and other factors and, based on this evaluation, classify inventory markdowns in the income
statement as a component of cost of goods sold pursuant to Paragraph 420-10-S99 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to
adjust inventories to net realizable value. These markdowns are estimates, which could vary significantly from actual requirements
if future economic conditions, customer demand or competition differ from expectations. Other significant estimates include the
allocation of variable and fixed production overheads. While variable production overheads are allocated to each unit of production
on the basis of actual use of production facilities, the allocation of fixed production overhead to the costs of conversion is
based on the normal capacity of the Company s production facilities, and recognizes abnormal idle facility expenses as current
period charges. Certain costs, including categories of indirect materials, indirect labor and other indirect manufacturing costs
which are included in the overhead pools are estimated. The management of the Company determines its normal capacity based upon
the amount of operating hours of the manufacturing machinery and equipment in a reporting period. 

Revenue Recognition   

 The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable
and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii)
the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

The Company derives its revenues from sales
contracts with customers with revenues being generated upon the shipment of merchandise. Persuasive evidence of an arrangement
is demonstrated via sales invoice or contract; product delivery is evidenced by warehouse shipping log as well as a signed acknowledgement
of receipt from the customers or a signed bill of lading from the third party trucking company and title transfers upon shipment,
based on free on board ( FOB ) warehouse terms; the sales price to the customer is fixed upon acceptance of the signed
purchase order or contract and there is no separate sales rebate, discount, or volume incentive. When the Company recognizes revenue,
no provisions are made for returns because, historically, there have been very few sales returns and adjustments that have impacted
the ultimate collection of revenues. 

The Company markets and distributes electronic
products and general cargo for automobile use and follows Section 605-45-45 (formerly EITF 99-19) ( ASC Section 605-45-45 )
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition to report revenue gross as a principal for its sales since
the Company (1) acts as principal in the transaction, (2) takes title to the products, (3) has risks and rewards of ownership,
such as the risk of loss for collection, delivery, or returns, and (4) does not act as an agent or broker (including performing
services, in substance, as an agent or broker) with compensation on a commission or fee basis on its sales. The management of the
Company determined that the Company should report revenue based on the gross amount billed to a customer when considering each
of the following eight (8) indicators of gross revenue reporting listed in ASC Paragraph 605-45-45-4 through 605-45-45-14 as specified
(1) The entity is the primary obligor in the arrangement   The Company signs a product sales agreement with its customer
and represents in writing that the Company is responsible for fulfillment, including the acceptability of the product(s) or service(s)
ordered or purchased by the customer; (2) The entity has general inventory risk (before customer order is placed or upon customer
return); (3) The entity has latitude in establishing price   The Company has reasonable latitude, within economic constraints,
to establish the exchange price with a customer for the product or service; (4) The entity changes the product or performs part
of the service   The Company developed a method for blending the raw materials in its manufacturing process, through its
proprietary technology, catalysts can be mixed with fuel and alcohols to become a finished product to be sold after pumping and
piping; (5) The entity has discretion in supplier selection   The Company has multiple suppliers for the products ordered
by a customer and discretion to select the supplier that will provide the product(s) or service(s) ordered by a customer; (6) The
entity is involved in the determination of product or service specifications   The Company determines the nature, type, characteristics,
or specifications of the product(s) or service(s) ordered by the customer; (7) The entity has physical loss inventory risk of purchased
inventories after customer order; and (8) The entity has credit risk   The Company is responsible for collecting the sales
price from its customer but must pay the amount owed to its supplier after the supplier performs, regardless of whether the sales
price is fully collected. 

Net sales of products represent the invoiced
value of goods, net of value added taxes ( VAT ). The Company is subject to VAT which is levied on all of the Company s
products at the rate of 5% on the invoiced value of sales. Sales or Output VAT is borne by customers in addition to the invoiced
value of sales and Purchase or Input VAT is borne by the Company in addition to the invoiced value of purchases to the extent not
refunded for export sales. 

Foreign Currency Translation   

 The Company follows Section 830-10-45 of the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 830-10-45 ) for foreign currency translation to translate the financial
statements of the foreign subsidiary from the functional currency, generally the local currency, into U.S. Dollars. Section 830-10-45
sets out the guidance relating to how a reporting entity determines the functional currency of a foreign entity (including of a
foreign entity in a highly inflationary economy), re-measures the books of record (if necessary), and characterizes transaction
gains and losses. The assets, liabilities, and operations of a foreign entity shall be measured using the functional currency of
that entity. An entity s functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates;
normally, that is the currency of the environment, or local currency, in which an entity primarily generates and expends cash. 

The functional currency of each foreign subsidiary
is determined based on management s judgment and involves consideration of all relevant economic facts and circumstances
affecting the subsidiary. Generally, the currency in which the subsidiary transacts a majority of its transactions, including billings,
financing, payroll and other expenditures, would be considered the functional currency, but any dependency upon the parent and
the nature of the subsidiary s operations must also be considered. If a subsidiary s functional currency is deemed
to be the local currency, then any gain or loss associated with the translation of that subsidiary s financial statements
is included in accumulated other comprehensive income. However, if the functional currency is deemed to be the U.S. Dollar, then
any gain or loss associated with the re-measurement of these financial statements from the local currency to the functional currency
would be included in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income (loss). If the Company disposes of foreign
subsidiaries, then any cumulative translation gains or losses would be recorded into the consolidated statements of income and
comprehensive income (loss). If the Company determines that there has been a change in the functional currency of a subsidiary
to the U.S. Dollar, any translation gains or losses arising after the date of change would be included within the statement of
income and comprehensive income (loss). 

Based on an assessment of the factors discussed
above, the management of the Company determined the relevant subsidiaries  local currencies to be their respective functional
currencies. 

The financial records of the Company's Taiwan
operating subsidiaries acquired on November 30, 2013 are maintained in their local currency, the  TWD , which is also
the functional currency. Assets and liabilities are translated from the local currency into the reporting currency, U.S. dollars,
at the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses are translated at weighted average exchange rates
for the period to approximate translation at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates those elements are recognized in the consolidated
financial statements. Foreign currency translation gain (loss) resulting from the process of translating the local currency financial
statements into U.S. dollars are included in determining accumulated other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of
stockholders  equity. 

Most Recent accounting pronouncements  

Refer to note 2 in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. 

Impact of Accounting Pronouncements   

There were no recent accounting pronouncements
that have had a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.  

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) require public companies to maintain  disclosure controls and procedures, 
which are defined as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the
time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal
executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

We conducted an evaluation, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of
September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material
weaknesses described below. 

In light of the material weaknesses described
below, we performed additional analysis to ensure our financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material
respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

A material weakness is a control deficiency
(within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard No. 2) or combination of control
deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected. Management has identified the following two material weaknesses which have caused management
to conclude that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance
level: 

1. We do not have written
documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting
is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us for the quarter ending September 30, 2016.
Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment
of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

2.
We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our size
and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. However, to
the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed
by separate individuals. Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our
disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness. 

To address these material weaknesses, management
performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all
material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management's Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting.   

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company in accordance with as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the (i) effectiveness and efficiency of operations, (ii) reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and (iii) compliance with applicable
laws and regulations. Our internal controls framework is based on the criteria set forth in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

Due to inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

A material weakness in internal controls is
a deficiency in internal control, or combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects the Company s ability to
initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial data reliably in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the Company s
annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. In the course of making
our assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified some material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting. 

We lack sufficient personnel with the appropriate
level of knowledge, experience and training in the application of accounting operations of our company. This weakness causes us
to not fully identify and resolve accounting and disclosure issues that could lead to a failure to perform timely internal control
and reviews. 

Management is currently reviewing its staffing
and systems in order to remedy the weaknesses identified in this assessment. However, because of the above condition, management s
assessment is that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of September 30, 2016.
Additionally, the Registrant s management has concluded that the Registrant has a material weakness associated with its U.S.
GAAP expertise. 

This  Report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Management's Remediation Initiatives   

In an effort to remediate the identified material
weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series
of measures: 

We intend to our personnel resources and technical
accounting expertise within the accounting function. First, we intend to create a position to segregate duties consistent with
control objectives of having separate individuals perform (i) the initiation of transactions, (ii) the recording of transactions
and (iii) the custody of assets. Second, we intend to create a senior position to focus on financial reporting and standardizing
and documenting our accounting procedures with the goal of increasing the effectiveness of the internal controls in preventing
and detecting misstatements of accounting information. Third, we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of
directors who shall be appointed to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the
oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates
and assumptions made by management when funds are available to us. We anticipate the costs of implementing these remediation initiatives
will be approximately $37,500 to $50,000 a year in increased salaries, legal and accounting expenses. 

Management believes that the appointment of
one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning
audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

To the best knowledge of the officers and directors, the Company
was not a party to any legal proceeding or litigation as of September 30, 2016. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description    
 
      31.1  
       
      Chief Executive Officer Certification of Periodic Financial Report Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2  
       
      Chief Financial Officer Certification of Periodic Financial Report Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.1  
       
      Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.2  
       
      Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      101  
       
      The following materials from AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 are formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet; (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations;, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (iv) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. This Exhibit 101 is deemed not filed for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AJ GREENTECH HOLDINGS LTD.    

Date: November 14, 2016  
       By:  
       /s/ Chu Li An    

Chu Li An  
 Chief Executive Officer   

AJ GREENTECH HOLDINGS LTD.    

Date: November 14, 2016  
       By:  
       /s/ Chu Li An    

Chu Li An  
 Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ajgh1114form10qexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of
the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2022  

I, Chu Li An, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd. (the  Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

 By:   /s/ Chu Li An   

 Name: Chu Li An 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ajgh1114form10qexh31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of
the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2022  

I, Chu Li An, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form
10-Q of AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

 By:   /s/ Chu Li An   

 Name: Chu Li An 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ajgh1114form10qexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350  

As Adopted Pursuant to  

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter  ended September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Chu Li An, as CEO of the
Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 that: 

(1)  The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Registrant. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

 By:   /s/ Chu Li An   

 Name: Chu Li An 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd. and will be retained by AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd. and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff . 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ajgh1114form10qexh32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350  

As Adopted Pursuant to  

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the  quarter ended September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Chu Li An, as Chief
Financial Officer hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that: 

(1)  The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Registrant. 

Dated: November 14, 2016 

 By:   /s/ Chu Li An   

 Name: Chu Li An 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd. and will be retained by AJ Greentech Holdings, Ltd. and
furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff . 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ajgh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ajgh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ajgh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ajgh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ajgh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ajgh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

