<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1436975_0001144204-16-134125_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3238433</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96845</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>173311</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>911556</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1377987</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>581829</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>54</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134125.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114154642
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134125
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001436975
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				830511223
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54047
		FILM NUMBER:		161994463

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732 367 0129

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE, SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134125.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452110_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D. C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016 

OR 

For the transition period from                       
to 

Commission file number  000-54047  

  LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC.  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
Its Charter)  

(732) 367-0129  

  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.  

  Yes           No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   

 Yes         No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer       
      Non-accelerated filer          Smaller reporting company        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes       No

As of November 7, 2016, there were approximately 18.4 million outstanding
shares of common stock of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc., including shares issued pursuant to the
distribution reinvestment plan.   

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

INDEX  

Page    
 
       PART I   
        FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  and 2015   
      5   

Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   
      6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
      8   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      15   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      26   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      27   

PART II   
        OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      28   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      28   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      28   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      28   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      28   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      28   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      29   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:  

    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (Amounts in thousands, except per share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:    

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

  (Amounts in thousands, except per share data)
(Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:    

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME  

  (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION:  

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY   

  (Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:  

  ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED:  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(Amounts in thousands) (Unaudited)  

See Note 2 for supplemental cash flow information. 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements.  

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except
per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)(Unaudited)  

1.   
        Organization     

Lightstone Value Plus Real
Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. (the  Lightstone REIT II ) is a Maryland corporation formed on April 28, 2008, which
has qualified as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes since its taxable year
ending December 31, 2009. The Lightstone REIT II was formed primarily for the purpose of engaging in the business of investing
in and owning commercial and residential real estate properties located principally in North America, as well as other real estate-related
securities, such as collateralized debt obligations, commercial mortgage-backed securities and mortgage and mezzanine loans secured,
directly or indirectly, by the same types of properties which it may acquire directly. 

The Lightstone REIT II is structured
as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT, and substantially all of its current and future business is and will be conducted
through Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LP (the  Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership formed on April
30, 2008, in which Lightstone REIT II as the general partner, held a 99% interest as of September 30, 2016. 

The Lightstone REIT II and
the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the   Company   and the
use of   we,     our,     us   or similar pronouns refers
to the Lightstone REIT II, its Operating Partnership or the Company as required by the context in which such pronoun is used. 

The Company is managed by Lightstone
Value Plus REIT II LLC (the  Advisor ), an affiliate of The Lightstone Group, Inc. under the terms and conditions
of an advisory agreement. The Lightstone Group, Inc. previously served as the Company s sponsor (the  Sponsor )
during its initial public offering and follow-on offering, which terminated on August 15, 2012 and September 27, 2014, respectively.
Subject to the oversight of the Company s board of directors (the  Board of Directors ), the Advisor has primary
responsibility for making investment decisions and managing the Company s day-to-day operations. Through his ownership and
control of The Lightstone Group, Inc., Mr. Lichtenstein is the indirect owner of the Advisor and the indirect owner and manager
of Lightstone SLP II LLC, which has subordinated profits interests in the Operating Partnership. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as
the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but does not control Lightstone
REIT II or the Operating Partnership. 

The Company s shares
of common stock are not currently listed on a national securities exchange. The Company may seek to list its shares of common
stock for trading on a national securities exchange only if a majority of its independent directors believe listing would be in
the best interest of its stockholders. The Company does not intend to list its shares at this time. The Company does not anticipate
that there would be any market for its shares of common stock until they are listed for trading. In the event the Company does
not obtain listing prior to August 15, 2022, the tenth anniversary of the termination of its initial public offering, its charter
requires that the Board of Directors must either (i) seek stockholder approval of an extension or amendment of this listing deadline;
or (ii) seek stockholder approval to adopt a plan of liquidation of the corporation. 

Noncontrolling Interests  

The noncontrolling interests
consist of (i) parties of the Company that hold units in the Operating Partnership, (ii) membership interests held by Lightstone
Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc., a REIT also sponsored by the Company s Sponsor, in a joint venture, and (iii)
the membership interests held by minority owners of certain of the Company s hotels. 

Partners of Operating Partnership  

On May 20, 2008, the Advisor
contributed $2 to the Operating Partnership in exchange for 200 limited partner units in the Operating Partnership. The limited
partner has the right to convert operating partnership units into cash or, at the option of the Company, an equal number of common
shares of the Company, as allowed by the limited partnership agreement. 

Lightstone SLP II LLC, which is wholly owned by
the Company s Sponsor, committed to purchase subordinated profits interests in the Operating Partnership ( Subordinated
Profits Interests ) at a cost of $100,000 per unit for each $1.0 million in subscriptions up to ten percent of the proceeds
from the primary shares under the initial public offering and the follow-on Offering. Lightstone SLP II LLC had the option to
purchase the Subordinated Profits Interests with either cash or an interest in real property of equivalent value. From the Company s
inception through the termination of its follow-on offering, the Company s Sponsor made cash contributions of $12.9 million
and contributed equity interests totaling 48.6% in Brownmill, LLC ( Brownmill ), which were valued at $4.8 million,
in exchange for a total of 177.0 Subordinated Profits Interests with an aggregate value of $17.7 million in fulfillment of its
commitment. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except
per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)(Unaudited)  

2.   
        Summary of Significant Accounting Policies     

Basis of Presentation  

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of Lightstone REIT II and its Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries (over which the Company
exercises financial and operating control). As of September 30, 2016, the Lightstone REIT II had a 99% general partnership interest
in the common units of the Operating Partnership. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The accompanying unaudited
interim consolidated financial statements and related notes should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial
Statements of the Company and related notes as contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2015. The unaudited interim financial statements include all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring
adjustments) and accruals necessary in the judgment of management for a fair statement of the results for the periods presented.
The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc.
and its Subsidiaries have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 8-03 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do
not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America for complete financial statements. 

The consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ).
GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during a reporting
period. The most significant assumptions and estimates relate to the valuation of real estate, depreciable lives, and revenue
recognition. Application of these assumptions requires the exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual
results could differ from these estimates. 

The unaudited consolidated
statements of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year or any other period. 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information  

Reclassifications  

Certain prior period amounts
may have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

In August 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an accounting standards update which provides guidance on the classification
of certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows, including those related to debt prepayment or debt
extinguishment costs, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance
claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance, and distributions received from equity method investees. 
This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. 
The guidance must be adopted on a retrospective basis and must be applied to all periods presented, but may be applied prospectively
if retrospective application would be impracticable.  We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that the adoption of
this guidance will have on its consolidated statement of cash flows. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except
per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)(Unaudited)  

In January 2016, the FASB issued
an accounting standards update that generally requires companies to measure investments in equity securities, except those accounted
for under the equity method, at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income. The new guidance must be applied
using a modified-retrospective approach and is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is not
permitted.  T he Company has not yet determined whether the adoption of this guidance will have
a material impact on its financial statements. 

In September 2015, the FASB
issued an accounting standards update to simplify the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts during the measurement
period of a business combination. The amendment requires the acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts identified
during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amount is determined. The acquirer is required to
also record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings as a result of the change to the provisional
amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The amendments are effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments should be applied
prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date with earlier application permitted for
financial statements that have not been issued. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued
an accounting standards update that provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers
as well as requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature, amount, timing,
and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts.  Companies have an option to use either a retrospective
approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach to implement the standard.  This guidance is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.  The Company does not
expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

In April 2015, the FASB issued
an accounting standards update to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. This update requires that debt issuance costs
related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that
debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This new guidance was effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2016.
The Company adopted this standard during the quarter ended March 31, 2016. As a result of adopting this standard on a retrospective
basis, approximately $1.4 million was reclassified out of prepaid expenses and other assets and was reclassified into mortgage
payable, net on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015. 

3.    
        Marketable Securities, Margin Loan and Fair Value
    Measurements     

Marketable Securities  

The following is a summary
of the Company s available for sale securities as of the dates indicated: 

The Company has access
to a margin loan from a financial institution that holds custody of certain of the Company s marketable securities. The
margin loan is collateralized by the marketable securities in the Company s account. The amounts available to the Company
under the margin loan are at the discretion of the financial institution and not limited to the amount of collateral in its account.
The margin loan bears interest at Libor plus 0.85% (1.38% as of September 30, 2016). 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except
per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)(Unaudited)  

When evaluating the investments for other-than-temporary impairment,
the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial
condition of the issuer and any changes thereto, and the Company s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not
it will be required to sell, the investment before recovery of the investment s amortized cost basis. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did not recognize any impairment charges. 

Fair Value Measurements  

Fair value is defined as the
exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous
market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques
used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 

The standard describes a fair
value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that
may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for
    identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2   Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either
    directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active;
    or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the
    assets or liabilities.   

Level 3   Unobservable inputs that are supported by little
    or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.   

As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, all of the Company s equity securities and were classified as Level 1 assets and there were no transfers
between the level classifications during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

4.    
        Notes Receivable from Related
    Party     

The Company had entered into
various revolving promissory notes (collectively, the  Notes Receivable from Related Party ) with the operating partnership
of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III, Inc. ( Lightstone III ), a REIT also sponsored by the Company s
Sponsor as discussed below. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company accrued interest income (included
in interest and dividend income in the consolidated statements of operations) of $41 and $329, respectively, on the Notes Receivable
from Related Party and $273 and $562, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. 

Des Moines Note Receivable  

On February 4, 2015, the Company
entered into a revolving promissory note (the  Des Moines Note Receivable ) of up to $10.0 million with Lightstone
III. On the same date, in connection with Lightstone III s acquisition of a Hampton Inn hotel located in Des Moines, Iowa
(the  Hampton Inn   Des Moines ), the Company funded $8.2 million under the Des Moines Note Receivable. 

The Des Moines Note Receivable
had a term of one year, bore interest at a floating rate of three-month Libor plus 6.0% and required quarterly interest payments
through its stated maturity with the entire unpaid balance due upon maturity. Lightstone III paid the Company an origination fee
of $100 in connection with the Des Moines Note Receivable and pledged its ownership interest in the Hampton Inn   Des Moines
as collateral. The Des Moines Note Receivable had no outstanding balance as of December 31, 2015 and subsequently expired on February
4, 2016. 

Durham Note Receivable  

On May 15, 2015, the Company
entered into a revolving promissory note (the  Durham Note Receivable ) of up to $13.0 million with Lightstone III.
On the same date, in connection with Lightstone III s acquisition of a Courtyard by Marriott hotel located in Durham, North
Carolina (the  Courtyard - Durham ), the Company funded $12.0 million under the Durham Note Receivable. 

The Durham Note Receivable
had a term of one year, bore interest at a floating rate of three-month Libor plus 6.0% and required quarterly interest payments
through its stated maturity with the entire unpaid balance due upon maturity. Lightstone III paid the Company an origination fee
of $130 in connection with the Durham Note Receivable and pledged its ownership interest in the Courtyard - Durham as collateral.
On May 2, 2016, the Durham Note Receivable was repaid in full and subsequently expired on May 15, 2016. The outstanding principal
balance and remaining availability under the Durham Note Receivable were $2.1 million and $10.9 million, respectively, as of December
31, 2015. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except
per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)(Unaudited)  

Lansing Note Receivable  

On May 2, 2016, the Company
entered into a revolving promissory note (the  Lansing Note Receivable ) of up to $8.0 million with Lightstone III,
of which $6.0 million was funded. The Lansing Note Receivable had a term of one year (with an option for an additional year),
bore interest at a floating rate of three-month Libor plus 6.0% and required quarterly interest payments through its stated maturity
with the entire unpaid balance due upon maturity. Lightstone III paid the Company an origination fee of $80, which is included
in other income/(expense), net on the consolidated statement of operations, in connection with the Lansing Note Receivable and
pledged its ownership interest in a Hampton Inn hotel located in Lansing, Michigan as collateral. On July 13, 2016, the Lansing
Note Receivable was repaid in full and terminated. 

Green
Bay Note Receivable   

On May 2, 2016, the Company
entered into a revolving promissory note (the  Green Bay Note Receivable ) of up to $14.5 million with Lightstone
III, of which $10.2 million was funded. The Green Bay Note Receivable had a term of one year (with an option for an additional
year), bore interest at a floating rate of three-month Libor plus 6.0% and required quarterly interest payments through its stated
maturity with the entire unpaid balance due upon maturity. Lightstone III paid the Company an origination fee of $145, which is
included in other income/(expense), net on the consolidated statement of operations, in connection with the Green Bay Note Receivable
and pledged its ownership interest in a SpringHill Suites hotel located in Green Bay, Wisconsin as collateral. On July 13, 2016,
the Green Bay Note Receivable was repaid in full and terminated. 

5.    
        Mortgages payable, net     

Mortgages payable, net consisted
of the following: 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except
per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)(Unaudited)  

Principal Maturities  

The following table, based
on the initial terms of the mortgages, sets forth their aggregate estimated contractual principal maturities, including balloon
payments due at maturity, as of September 30, 2016: 

Debt Compliance  

Pursuant to the Company s
debt agreements, approximately $3.2 million and $2.2 million was held in restricted escrow accounts as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. Such escrows are subject to release in accordance with the applicable debt agreement for the
payment of real estate taxes, insurance and capital improvements, as required. Certain of our debt agreements also contain clauses
providing for prepayment penalties and require the maintenance of certain ratios, including debt service coverage and fixed leverage
charge ratio. As of September 30, 2016, the Company is in compliance with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

Additionally, the Company s
mortgage loan (outstanding principal balance of $6.0 million as of September 30, 2016) secured by the Courtyard   Baton
Rouge matures in May 2017. The Company currently intends to seek to refinance and/or repay in full, using cash proceeds from the
potential sale of assets, such existing indebtedness on or before its applicable stated maturity. Other than this financing, the
Company has no additional significant maturities of mortgage debt over the next 12 months. 

Earnings per Share  

The Company had no potentially
dilutive securities outstanding during the periods presented. Accordingly, earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income
attributable to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the applicable
period. 

7.    
        Related Party Transactions     

The Company has agreements
with the Advisor and Lightstone Value Plus REIT Management LLC (the  Property Manager ) to pay certain fees in exchange
for services performed by these entities and other related party entities. The Company s ability to secure financing and
subsequent real estate operations are dependent upon its Advisor, Property Manager and their affiliates to perform such services
as provided in these agreements. 

The following table represents
the fees incurred associated with the payments to the Company s Advisor and Property Manager for the periods indicated: 

8.    
        Financial Instruments     

The carrying amounts reported
in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, restricted escrows and deposits, prepaid expenses and other
assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses, margin loan, due to/from related party, and distributions payable approximated
their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments. The estimated fair value of our mortgages payable is as
follows: 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUST II, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except
per share/unit data and where indicated in millions)(Unaudited)  

The fair value of our mortgages
payable was determined by discounting the future contractual interest and principal payments by market interest rates. 

9.    
        Commitments and Contingencies     

Legal Proceedings  

From time to time in the ordinary
course of business, the Company may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

On July 13, 2011, JF Capital
Advisors, filed a lawsuit against The Lightstone Group, LLC, the Company, and Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust,
Inc. in the Supreme Court of the State of New York seeking payment for services alleged to have been rendered, and to be rendered
prospectively, under theories of unjust enrichment and breach of contract. The plaintiff had a limited business arrangement with
The Lightstone Group, LLC; that arrangement has been terminated. We filed a motion to dismiss the action and, on January 31, 2012,
the Supreme Court dismissed the complaint in its entirety, but granted the plaintiff leave to replead two limited causes of action. 

The plaintiff filed an amended
complaint on May 18, 2012, bringing limited claims under theories of unjust enrichment and quantum meruit. On November 21, 2012,
the court dismissed this second complaint in part, leaving only $164 (plus interest) in potential damages. The plaintiff appealed
this decision and Lightstone cross-appealed arguing that the case should have been dismissed in full. The appeals court denied
plaintiff s motion and granted defendants  motion, as a result of which all claims were dismissed on March 25, 2014.
The plaintiff filed a motion requesting the right to re-appeal to the Court of Appeals, which was granted on August 1, 2014. 

Plaintiff has appealed to the
Court of Appeals, which affirmed in part and denied in part, leaving a smaller number of claims available to the Plaintiff. Plaintiff
has indicated that it intends to continue to pursue these claims in the trial court. 

While any proceeding or litigation
has an element of uncertainty, management currently believes that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome with respect to the
aforementioned legal proceedings is remote. No provision for loss has been recorded in connection therewith. 

As of the date hereof, the
Company is not a party to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible to have
a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the
contingency and possible range of loss. Additionally, the Company has not recorded any loss contingencies related to legal proceedings
in which the potential loss is deemed to be remote. 

Distribution Payment  

On October
14, 2016, the distribution for the three-month period ending September 30, 2016 of $3.3 million was paid in cash from cash flows
provided by operations. 

Distribution Declaration  

On November 14, 2016, the Board of Directors authorized and
the Company declared a distribution for the three-month period ending December 31, 2016. The distribution will be calculated based
on shareholders of record each day during this three-month period at a rate of $0.0019178 per day, and will equal a daily amount
that, if paid each day for a 365-day period, would equal a 7.0% annualized rate based on a share price of $10.00. The distribution
will be paid in cash on or about January 15, 2017 to shareholders of record as of December 31, 2016. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION, CONTINUED:  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.  

The following discussion and
analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate
Investment Trust II, Inc. and Subsidiaries and the notes thereto. As used herein, the terms  we,   our 
and  us  refer to Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc., a Maryland corporation, and, as required
by context, Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LP and its wholly owned subsidiaries, which we collectively refer to as the  Operating
Partnership . Dollar amounts are presented in thousands, except per share data and where indicated in millions. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain information included
in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains, and other materials filed or to be filed by us with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the  SEC ), contain or will contain, forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements
of historical facts, including, among others, statements regarding our possible or assumed future results of our business, financial
condition, liquidity, results of operations, plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements. Those statements include statements
regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. and members
of our management team, as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based, and generally are identified by the use
of words such as  may,   will,   seeks,   anticipates,   believes, 
 estimates,   expects,   plans,   intends,   should  or similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that actual results may
differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. 

Such statements are based on
assumptions and expectations which may not be realized and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot
be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated. Future events and actual results, financial and otherwise,
may differ from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. 

Risks and other factors that
might cause differences, some of which could be material, include, but are not limited to, economic and market conditions, competition,
tenant or joint venture partner(s) bankruptcies, our lack of operating history, the availability of cash flows from operations
to pay distributions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws and regulations, failure to increase tenant occupancy
and operating income, rejection of leases by tenants in bankruptcy, financing and development risks, construction and lease-up
delays, cost overruns, the level and volatility of interest rates, the rate of revenue increases versus expense increases, the
financial stability of various tenants and industries, the our failure to make additional investments in real estate properties,
the failure to upgrade our tenant mix, restrictions in current financing arrangements, the failure to fully recover tenant obligations
for common area maintenance, insurance, taxes and other property expenses, the our failure to continue to qualify as a real estate
investment trust ( REIT ), the failure to refinance debt at favorable terms and conditions, an increase in impairment
charges, loss of key personnel, failure to achieve earnings/funds from operations targets or estimates, conflicts of interest
with the Advisor and the Sponsor and their affiliates, failure of joint venture relationships, significant costs related to environmental
issues as well as other risks listed from time to time in this Form 10-Q, our Form 10-K, our Registration Statements on Form S-11,
as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to time, and in our other reports filed with the SEC. 

We believe
these forward-looking statements are reasonable; however, undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statements,
which are based on current expectations. All written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting
on our behalf, are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Further, forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed
assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or changes to future operating results over time unless required by law. 

Overview  

Lightstone Value Plus Real
Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. (the  Lightstone REIT II ) and Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, LP, (the  Operating
Partnership ) and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the   Company   and the use of
  we,     our,     us   or similar pronouns refers to
the Lightstone REIT II, its Operating Partnership or the Company as required by the context in which such pronoun is used. 

We do not have employees. We
entered into an advisory agreement, dated February 17, 2009, with Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, which we refer to as the  Advisor,  pursuant to which the Advisor supervises and manages our day-to-day operations
and selects our real estate and real estate related investments, subject to oversight by our board of directors. We pay the Advisor
fees for services related to the investment and management of our assets, and we will reimburse the Advisor for certain expenses
incurred on our behalf. 

To maintain our qualification
as a REIT, we engage in certain activities through a wholly-owned taxable REIT subsidiary ( TRS ). As such, we are
subject to U.S. federal and state income and franchise taxes from these activities. 

Current Environment  

Our operating results as
well as our investment opportunities are impacted by the health of the North American economies.  Our business and financial
performance may be adversely affected by current and future economic conditions, such as availability of credit, financial markets
volatility, and recession. 

Our business may be affected
by market and economic challenges experienced by the U.S. and global economies. These conditions may materially affect the value
and performance of our properties, and may affect our ability to pay distributions, the availability or the terms of financing
that we have or may anticipate utilizing, and our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance, any outstanding
debt when due. 

We are not aware of any other
material trends or uncertainties, favorable or unfavorable, other than national economic conditions affecting real estate generally,
that may be reasonably anticipated to have a material impact on either capital resources or the revenues or income to be derived
from the acquisition and operation of real estate and real estate related investments, other than those referred to in this Form
10-Q. 

Portfolio Summary    

Annualized base rent is defined
as the minimum monthly base rent due as of September 30, 2016 annualized, excluding periodic contractual fixed increases and rents
calculated based on a percentage of tenants  sales. The annualized base rent disclosed in the table above includes all concessions,
abatements and reimbursements of rent to tenants. 

Critical Accounting Policies
and Estimates  

There were no material changes
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to our critical accounting policies as reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Results of Operations  

Our primary financial measure
for evaluating our properties is net operating income ( NOI ). NOI represents revenues less property operating expenses,
real estate taxes and general and administrative expenses. We believe that NOI is helpful to investors as a supplemental measure
of the operating performance of a real estate company because it is a direct measure of the actual operating results of our properties. 

LVP REIT Hotels   

In January 2015, our Board
of Directors provided approval for us to form a joint venture (the  Joint Venture ) with Lightstone Value Plus Real
Estate Investment Trust, Inc. ( Lightstone I ), a real estate investment trust also sponsored by our Sponsor, The
Lightstone Group, and for the Joint Venture to acquire Lightstone I s membership interests in up to 11 limited service hotels
(the  LVP REIT Hotels ). 

Subsequently in January 2015,
we, through the Operating Partnership, entered into an agreement to form the Joint Venture with Lightstone I, whereby we and Lightstone
I have 97.5% and 2.5% membership interests in the Joint Venture, respectively. We are the managing member. 

1 st  Quarter 2015:  

In January 2015, we, through
the Joint Venture, completed the acquisition of a 100.0% membership interest in a portfolio of five limited service hotels (the
 Hotel I Portfolio ), which were part of the LVP REIT Hotels. The five limited service hotels included in the Hotel
I Portfolio are as follows: 

a Courtyard by Marriott located in Willoughby, Ohio (the
 Courtyard   Willoughby ); 

a Fairfield Inn   Suites by Marriott located in West
Des Moines, Iowa (the  Fairfield Inn   Des Moines ); 

a SpringHill Suites by Marriott located in West Des Moines,
Iowa (the SpringHill Suites   Des Moines ); 

a Hampton Inn located in Miami, Florida (the  Hampton
Inn   Miami ); and 

a Hampton Inn   Suites located in Fort Lauderdale,
Florida (the  Hampton Inn   Suites   Fort Lauderdale ). 

In February 2015, we, through
the Joint Venture, completed the acquisition of Lightstone I s (i) 100.0% membership interest in a Courtyard by Marriott
located in Parsippany, New Jersey (the  Courtyard   Parsippany ) and (ii) 90.0% membership interest in a Residence
Inn by Marriott located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana (the  Residence Inn - Baton Rouge ). These two hotels were part
of the LVP REIT Hotels. 

The Joint Venture s acquisitions
of Lightstone I s membership interests in the Hotel I Portfolio, the Courtyard   Parsippany and the Residence Inn
  Baton Rouge are collectively referred to as the  1 st  Quarter 2015 Acquisitions . 

2 nd  Quarter 2015:  

In June 2015, we, through the
Joint Venture, completed the acquisition of Lightstone I s (i) 100.0% membership interest in a Holiday Inn Express Hotel
  Suites located in Auburn, Alabama (the  Holiday Inn Express   Auburn ), (ii) 100.0% membership interest
in an Aloft Hotel located in Rogers, Arkansas (the  Aloft   Rogers ) and (iii) 95.0% membership interest in
a Fairfield Inn   Suites by Marriott located in Jonesboro, Arkansas (the  Fairfield Inn   Jonesboro  and
collectively, the  Hotel II Portfolio ). These three hotels were part of the LVP REIT Hotels. 

In June 2015, we, through the
Joint Venture, completed the acquisition of Lightstone I s 90.0% membership interest in a Courtyard by Marriott located
in Baton Rouge, Louisiana (the  Courtyard   Baton Rouge ). This hotel was part of the LVP REIT Hotels. 

The Joint Venture s acquisitions
of Lightstone I s membership interests in the Hotel II Portfolio and the Courtyard   Baton Rouge are collectively
referred to as the  2 nd  Quarter 2015 Acquisitions . 

We have had no further acquisitions
of properties through September 30, 2016. 

For the Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. September 30, 2015   

Rental revenue   

Rental revenue increased by
$2.5 million to $22.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $19.7 million for the same period in
2015 resulting from increased occupancy levels and RevPAR during the period. 

Property operating expenses   

Property operating expenses
increased by $0.7 million to $13.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $12.9 million for the
same period in 2015 primarily resulting from increased occupancy expense during the period. 

Real estate taxes   

Real estate taxes of $0.8 million
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 were relatively flat compared to $0.7 million for the same period in 2015. 

General and administrative expenses   

General and administrative expenses of
$1.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 were relatively flat compared to $1.1 million for the same period
in 2015. 

Depreciation and amortization   

Depreciation and amortization expense increased
by $0.2 million to $2.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.4 million for the same period in
2015. . 

Interest and dividend income   

Interest and dividend income decreased
by $0.3 million to $0.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.5 million for the same period in
2015. The decrease is primarily attributable to the repayment in full of our notes receivable   related party (see Note 4
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Earnings from investment in unconsolidated affiliated
entity   

Our loss from investment in unconsolidated
affiliated entity during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $11 compared to a loss of $42 for the same period in 2015.
Our earnings from investment in unconsolidated affiliated entity are attributable to our ownership interest in Brownmill, LLC,
which we account for under the equity method of accounting. 

Interest expense   

Interest expense was $2.0 million during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.7 million for the same period in 2015. Interest expense during both periods
primarily consisted of interest related to our mortgage indebtedness and increased during 2016 due to the financings associated
with the Joint Venture s acquisition of the LVP REIT Hotels described above. 

Noncontrolling interests   

The income or loss allocated to noncontrolling
interests relates to the interest in our Operating Partnership held by our Sponsor, membership interests held by Lightstone I in
the Joint Venture, and the interests held by minority owners of certain of our hotels. 

For the   Nine   Months Ended September 30,
2016 vs. September 30, 2015   

Rental revenue   

Rental revenue increased by $10.6 million
to $63.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $52.8 million for the same period in 2015. Approximately
$8.9 million of the increase is attributable to the timing of the acquisitions of the hotels described above: (i) an aggregate
of $2.8 million related to the 1st Quarter 2015 Acquisitions and (ii) an aggregate of $6.1 million related to the 2 nd 
Quarter 2015 Acquisitions. 

Property operating expenses   

Property operating expenses increased by
$6.0 million to $39.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $33.4 million for the same period in
2015. Approximately $5.3 million of the increase is attributable to the timing of acquisitions of the hotels described above: (i)
an aggregate of $1.8 million related to the 1st Quarter 2015 Acquisitions and (ii) an aggregate of $3.5 million related to the
2 nd  Quarter 2015 Acquisitions. 

Real estate taxes   

Real estate taxes increased by $0.5 million
to $2.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.9 million for the same period in 2015. Approximately
$0.4 million of the increase is attributable to the timing of the acquisitions of the hotels described above: (i) an aggregate
of $0.2 million related to the 1 st  Quarter 2015 Acquisitions and (ii) an aggregate of $0.2 million related to the 2 nd 
Quarter 2015 Acquisitions. 

General and administrative expenses   

General and administrative decreased by
$0.2 million to $3.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.8 million for the same period in 2015.
The decrease is primarily because the 2015 period included acquisition costs related to the Joint Venture s acquisition of
the LVP REIT Hotels. 

Depreciation and amortization   

Depreciation and amortization expense increased
by $1.5 million to $7.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $6.3 million for the same period in
2015. Approximately $1.3 million of the increase is attributable to the timing of the acquisitions of the hotels described above:
(i) an aggregate of $0.5 million related to the 1 st  Quarter 2015 Acquisitions and (ii) an aggregate of $0.8 million
related to the 2nd Quarter 2015 Acquisitions. 

Interest and dividend income   

Interest and dividend income decreased
by $0.3 million to $1.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.5 million for the same period in
2015. The decrease is primarily attributable to the repayment in full of our notes receivable   related party (see Note 4
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Earnings from investment in unconsolidated affiliated
entity   

Our income from investment in unconsolidated
affiliated entity during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $28 compared to a loss of $127 for the same period in 2015.
Our earnings from investment in unconsolidated affiliated entity are attributable to our ownership interest in Brownmill, LLC,
which we account for under the equity method of accounting. 

Interest expense   

Interest expense was $5.8 million during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $3.7 million for the same period in 2015. Interest expense during both periods
primarily consisted of interest related to our mortgage indebtedness and increased during 2016 due to the financings associated
with the Joint Venture s acquisition of the LVP REIT Hotels described above. 

Noncontrolling interests   

The income or loss allocated to noncontrolling
interests relates to the interest in our Operating Partnership held by our Sponsor, membership interests held by Lightstone I in
the Joint Venture, and the interests held by minority owners of certain of our hotels. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital
Resources  

Overview:   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, our primary sources of funds were $14.0 million of cash flows from our operations, $7.6 million of proceeds from the sale
of marketable securities and $4.1 million of proceeds from the release of funds held in restricted escrows. 

Our future sources of funds will primarily
consist of (i) cash flows from our operations, (ii) proceeds from our borrowings or sale of our investments in marketable securities
(iii) the release of funds held in restricted escrows. We currently believe that these cash resources will be sufficient to satisfy
our cash requirements for the foreseeable future, and we do not anticipate a need to raise funds from other than these sources
within the next twelve months. 

We currently have mortgage indebtedness
totaling $128.2 million and a margin loan of $4.0 million. We have and intend to continue to limit our aggregate long-term permanent
borrowings to 75% of the aggregate fair market value of all properties unless any excess borrowing is approved by a majority of
our independent directors and is disclosed to our stockholders. Market conditions will dictate the overall leverage limit; as such
our aggregate long-term permanent borrowings may be less than 75% of aggregate fair market value of all properties. We may also
incur short-term indebtedness, having a maturity of two years or less. 

Our charter provides that the aggregate
amount of borrowing, both secured and unsecured, may not exceed 300% of net assets in the absence of a satisfactory showing that
a higher level is appropriate, the approval of our Board of Directors and disclosure to stockholders. Net assets means our total
assets, other than intangibles, at cost before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves less our total liabilities, calculated
at least quarterly on a basis consistently applied. Any excess in borrowing over such 300% of net assets level must be approved
by a majority of our independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report to stockholders, along
with justification for such excess. Market conditions will dictate the overall leverage limit; as such our aggregate borrowings
may be less than 300% of net assets. As of September 30, 2016, our total borrowings aggregated $132.2 million which represented
73% of our net assets. 

Our future borrowings may consist of single-property
mortgages as well as mortgages cross-collateralized by a pool of properties. Such mortgages may be put in place either at the time
we acquire a property or subsequent to our purchasing a property for cash. In addition, we may acquire properties that are subject
to existing indebtedness where we choose to assume the existing mortgages. Generally, though not exclusively, we intend to seek
to encumber our properties with non-recourse debt. This means that a lender s rights on default will generally be limited
to foreclosing on the property. However, we may, at our discretion, secure recourse financing or provide a guarantee to lenders
if we believe this may result in more favorable terms. When we give a guaranty for a property owning entity, we will be responsible
to the lender for the satisfaction of the indebtedness if it is not paid by the property owning entity. 

In general the types of future financing
executed by us to a large extent will be dictated by the nature of the investment and current market conditions. For long-term
real estate investments, it is our intent to finance future acquisitions using long-term fixed rate debt. However there may
be certain types of investments and market circumstances which may result in variable rate debt being the more appropriate
choice of financing. To the extent floating rate debt is used to finance the purchase of real estate, management will evaluate
a number of protections against significant increases in interest rates, including the purchase of interest rate caps instruments. 

We may also obtain lines of credit to be
used to acquire properties. If obtained, these lines of credit will be at prevailing market terms and will be repaid from offering
proceeds, proceeds from the sale or refinancing of properties, working capital and/or permanent financing. Our Sponsor and/or its
affiliates may guarantee our lines of credit although they are not obligated to do so. We may draw upon lines of credit to acquire
properties pending our receipt of proceeds from our public offerings. We expect that such properties may be purchased by our Sponsor s
affiliates on our behalf, in our name, in order to minimize the imposition of a transfer tax upon a transfer of such properties
to us. 

Additionally, in order to leverage our
investments in marketable securities and seek a higher rate of return, we borrowed using a margin loan collateralized by the securities
held with the financial institution that provided the margin loan. This loan is due on demand and will be paid upon the liquidation
of securities. 

In addition to making investments in accordance
with our investment objectives, we have used and expect to continue to use our capital resources to make certain payments to our
Advisor and our Property Managers during the various phases of our organization and operation. During our acquisition and development
stage, payments may include asset acquisition fees and asset management fees, and the reimbursement of acquisition related expenses
to our Advisor. During our operational stage, we will pay our Property Managers and/or other third-party property managers a property
management fee and our Advisor an asset management fee. We will also reimburse our Advisor and its affiliates for actual expenses
it incurs for administrative and other services provided to us. Additionally, our Operating Partnership may be required to make
distributions to Lightstone SLP II LLC, an affiliate of the Advisor. 

The following table
represents the fees incurred associated with the payments to our Advisor and our Property Managers: 

Summary of Cash Flows   

The following summary discussion of our
cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes
in our cash flows for the periods presented below: 

Our principal sources of cash flow were
derived from cash flows from our operations, proceeds from the sale of marketable securities and the release of funds held in restricted
escrows. In the future, we expect to continue to operate properties which should provide a relatively consistent stream of cash
flow to provide us with resources to fund our operating expenses, scheduled debt service and any quarterly distributions authorized
by our Board of Directors. 

Our principal demands for liquidity currently
are distributions and scheduled debt service on our mortgages payable. 

Operating activities   

The net cash provided by operating activities
of approximately $14.0 million during the 2016 period primarily related to net income of $5.7 million, depreciation and amortization,
amortization of deferred financing costs and other non-cash items aggregating $8.6 million offset by changes in assets and liabilities
of $0.3 million. 

Investing activities   

The net cash provided by investing activities
of approximately $9.8 million during the 2016 period primarily reflects $7.6 million of proceeds from the sale of marketable securities,
the release of $4.1 million of restricted escrows, and the net repayments of $2.1 million of notes receivable  related party
offset by $3.9 million of capital expenditures. 

Financing activities   

The net cash used in financing activities
of approximately $16.3 million during the 2016 period primarily consists of (i) distributions to common stockholders of $9.7 million,
(ii) payments on our mortgages payable and margin loan of $5.2 million and (ii) $1.4 million of redemptions of common shares. 

We believe that these cash resources will
be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements for the foreseeable future, and we do not anticipate a need to raise funds from
other than these sources within the next twelve months. 

Distribution Reinvestment Plan ( DRIP ) and Share
Repurchase Program  

Our DRIP provides our stockholders with
an opportunity to purchase additional shares of our common stock at a discount by reinvesting distributions. Our share repurchase
program may provide our stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their shares of common stock back
to us, subject to certain restrictions. From our inception through December 31, 2015 we repurchased approximately 338,000 shares
of common stock and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 we repurchased 138,420 shares of common stock, pursuant to our
share repurchase program. We repurchased the shares at an average price per share of $9.78 per share. We funded share repurchases
for the periods noted above from the cumulative proceeds of the sale of our shares pursuant to our DRIP. 

On January 19, 2015, the Board of Directors
suspended our DRIP effective April 15, 2015. For so long as the DRIP remains suspended, all future distributions will be in the
form of cash. 

Our Board of Directors reserves the right
to terminate either program for any reason without cause by providing written notice of termination of the DRIP to all participants
or written notice of termination of the share repurchase program to all stockholders. 

Contractual  Obligations  

The following is a summary of the estimated
contractual obligations related to our mortgage debt over the next five years and thereafter as of September 30, 2016. 

In addition to the mortgage payable described
above, a margin loan that was made available to us from a financial institution that holds custody of certain of our marketable
securities. The margin loan is collateralized by the marketable securities in our account. The amounts available to us under the
margin loan are at the discretion of the financial institution and not limited to the amount of collateral in our account. The
amount outstanding under this margin loan was $4.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and is due on demand. The margin loan bears
interest at Libor plus 0.85% (1.38% as of September 30, 2016). 

Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations   

The historical accounting convention used
for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation of buildings, improvements, and straight-line amortization of intangibles,
which implies that the value of a real estate asset diminishes predictably over time. We believe that, because real estate values
historically rise and fall with market conditions, including, but not limited to, inflation, interest rates, the business cycle,
unemployment and consumer spending, presentations of operating results for a REIT using the historical accounting convention for
depreciation and certain other items may be less informative. 

Because of these factors, the National Association
of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( NAREIT ), an industry trade group, has published a standardized measure of performance
known as funds from operations ( FFO ), which is used in the REIT industry as a supplemental performance measure. We
believe FFO, which excludes certain items such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, is an appropriate supplemental
measure of a REIT's operating performance. FFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We define FFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent
with the standards set forth in the White Paper on FFO approved by the Board of Governors of NAREIT, as revised in February 2004
(the  White Paper ). The White Paper defines FFO as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP, but excluding
gains or losses from sales of property and real estate related impairments, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization,
and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. 

We believe that the use of FFO provides
a more complete understanding of our performance to investors and to management, and, when compared year over year, reflects the
impact on our operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and
interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent from net income. 

Changes in the accounting and reporting
promulgations under GAAP that were put into effect in 2009 subsequent to the establishment of NAREIT's definition of FFO, such
as the change to expense as incurred rather than capitalize and depreciate acquisition fees and expenses incurred for business
combinations, have prompted an increase in cash-settled expenses, specifically acquisition fees and expenses, as items that are
expensed under GAAP across all industries. These changes had a particularly significant impact on publicly registered, non-listed
REITs, which typically have a significant amount of acquisition activity in the early part of their existence, particularly during
the period when they are raising capital through ongoing initial public offerings. 

Because of these factors, the Investment
Program Association ( IPA ), an industry trade group, has published a standardized measure of performance known as modified
funds from operations ( MFFO ), which the IPA has recommended as a supplemental measure for publicly registered, non-listed
REITs. MFFO is designed to be reflective of the ongoing operating performance of publicly registered, non-listed REITs by adjusting
for those costs that are more reflective of acquisitions and investment activity, along with other items the IPA believes are not
indicative of the ongoing operating performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT, such as straight-lining of rents as
required by GAAP. We believe it is appropriate to use MFFO as a supplemental measure of operating performance because we believe
that, when compared year over year, both before and after we have deployed all of our offering proceeds and are no longer incurring
a significant amount of acquisition fees or other related costs, it reflects the impact on our operations from trends in occupancy
rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs, which may not be immediately apparent
from net income. MFFO is not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP. 

We define MFFO, a non-GAAP measure, consistent
with the IPA's Guideline 2010-01, Supplemental Performance Measure for Publicly Registered, Non-Listed REITs: Modified Funds from
Operations (the  Practice Guideline ) issued by the IPA in November 2010. The Practice Guideline defines MFFO as FFO
further adjusted for acquisition and transaction-related fees and expenses and other items. In calculating MFFO, we follow the
Practice Guideline and exclude the following items: 

acquisition fees and expenses; non-cash amounts related to straight-line rent and the amortization of above- or below-market
and in-place intangible lease assets and liabilities (which are adjusted in order to reflect such payments from an accrual basis
of accounting under GAAP to a cash basis of accounting);   

amortization of a premium and accretion of a discount on debt investments;   

non-recurring impairment of real estate-related investments;   

realized gains (losses) from the early extinguishment of debt;   

realized gains (losses) on the extinguishment or sales of hedges, foreign exchange, securities and other derivative holdings
except where the trading of such instruments is a fundamental attribute of our business;   

unrealized gains (losses) from fair value adjustments on real estate securities, including CMBS and other securities, interest
rate swaps and other derivatives not deemed hedges and foreign exchange holdings;   

unrealized gains (losses) from the consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting;   

adjustments related to contingent purchase price obligations; and   

adjustments for consolidated and unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures calculated to reflect MFFO on the same basis
as above.   

Certain of the above adjustments are also
made to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, such as for the amortization of a premium
and accretion of a discount on debt and securities investments, amortization of fees, any unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives,
securities or other investments, as well as other adjustments. 

MFFO excludes non-recurring impairment of
real estate-related investments. We assess the credit quality of our investments and adequacy of reserves on a quarterly basis,
or more frequently as necessary. Significant judgment is required in this analysis. We consider the estimated net recoverable value
of a loan as well as other factors, including but not limited to the fair value of any collateral, the amount and the status of
any senior debt, the prospects for the borrower and the competitive situation of the region where the borrower does business. 

We believe that, because MFFO excludes costs
that we consider more reflective of acquisition activities and other non-operating items, MFFO can provide, on a going-forward
basis, an indication of the sustainability (that is, the capacity to continue to be maintained) of our operating performance after
the period in which we are acquiring properties and once our portfolio is stabilized. We also believe that MFFO is a recognized
measure of sustainable operating performance by the non-listed REIT industry and allows for an evaluation of our performance against
other publicly registered, non-listed REITs. 

Not all REITs, including publicly registered,
non-listed REITs, calculate FFO and MFFO the same way. Accordingly, comparisons with other REITs, including publicly registered,
non-listed REITs, may not be meaningful. Furthermore, FFO and MFFO are not indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs
and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss) from continuing operations as determined under
GAAP as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to cash flows from operations as an indication of our liquidity, or
indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. FFO and MFFO
should be reviewed in conjunction with GAAP measurements as an indication of our performance. FFO and MFFO should not be construed
to be more relevant or accurate than the current GAAP methodology in calculating net income or in its applicability in evaluating
our operating performance. The methods utilized to evaluate the performance of a publicly registered, non-listed REIT under GAAP
should be construed as more relevant measures of operational performance and considered more prominently than the non-GAAP measures,
FFO and MFFO, and the adjustments to GAAP in calculating FFO and MFFO. 

Neither the SEC, NAREIT, the IPA nor any
other regulatory body or industry trade group has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments that we use to calculate
FFO or MFFO. In the future, NAREIT, the IPA or another industry trade group may publish updates  

The below table illustrates the items deducted
from or added to net income in the calculation of FFO and MFFO during the periods presented. The table discloses MFFO in the IPA
recommended format and MFFO without the straight-line rent adjustment which management also uses as a performance measure. Items
are presented net of non-controlling interest portions where applicable. 

(1)  The purchase of properties, and the corresponding expenses associated with that process, is a key operational feature of our
business plan to generate operational income and cash flows in order to make distributions to investors. In evaluating investments
in real estate, management differentiates the costs to acquire the investment from the operations derived from the investment.
Such information would be comparable only for non-listed REITs that have completed their acquisition activity and have other similar
operating characteristics. By excluding expensed acquisition costs, management believes MFFO provides useful supplemental information
that is comparable for each type of real estate investment and is consistent with management s analysis of the investing
and operating performance of our properties. Acquisition fees and expenses include payments to our advisor or third parties. Acquisition
fees and expenses under GAAP are considered operating expenses and as expenses included in the determination of net income and
income from continuing operations, both of which are performance measures under GAAP. Such fees and expenses are paid in cash,
and therefore such funds will not be available to distribute to investors. Such fees and expenses negatively impact our operating
performance during the period in which properties are being acquired. Therefore, MFFO may not be an accurate indicator of our operating
performance, especially during periods in which properties are being acquired. All paid and accrued acquisition fees and expenses
will have negative effects on returns to investors, the potential for future distributions, and cash flows generated by us, unless
earnings from operations or net sales proceeds from the disposition of properties are generated to cover the purchase price of
the property, these fees and expenses and other costs related to the property. Acquisition fees and expenses will not be paid or
reimbursed, as applicable, to our advisor even if there are no further proceeds from the sale of shares in our offering, and therefore
such fees and expenses would need to be paid from either additional debt, operational earnings or cash flows, net proceeds from
the sale of properties or from ancillary cash flows.   

(2)  Under GAAP, certain intangibles are accounted for at cost and reviewed at least annually for impairment, and certain intangibles
are assumed to diminish predictably in value over time and amortized, similar to depreciation and amortization of other real estate
related assets that are excluded from FFO. However, because real estate values and market lease rates historically rise or fall
with market conditions, management believes that by excluding charges relating to amortization of these intangibles, MFFO provides
useful supplemental information on the performance of the real estate. 

(3)  Management believes that adjusting for mark-to-market adjustments is appropriate because they are nonrecurring items that may
not be reflective of ongoing operations and reflects unrealized impacts on value based only on then current market conditions,
although they may be based upon current operational issues related to an individual property or industry or general market conditions.
 Mark-to-market adjustments are made for items such as ineffective derivative instruments, certain marketable securities and
any other items that GAAP requires we make a mark-to-market adjustment for. The need to reflect mark-to-market adjustments is a
continuous process and is analyzed on a quarterly and/or annual basis in accordance with GAAP.   

(4)  Management believes that adjusting for gains or losses related to extinguishment/sale of debt, derivatives or securities holdings
is appropriate because they are items that may not be reflective of ongoing operations. By excluding these items, management believes
that MFFO provides supplemental information related to sustainable operations that will be more comparable between other reporting
periods.   

(5)  Under GAAP, rental receipts are allocated to periods using various methodologies. This may result in income recognition that
is significantly different than underlying contract terms. By adjusting for these items (to reflect such payments from a GAAP accrual
basis to a cash basis of disclosing the rent and lease payments), MFFO provides useful supplemental information on the realized
economic impact of lease terms and debt investments, providing insight on the contractual cash flows of such lease terms and debt
investments, and aligns results with management s analysis of operating performance.   

The table below presents our cumulative
distributions declared and cumulative FFO attributable to our common shares: 

On October 14, 2016,
the distribution for the three-month period ending September 30, 2016 of $3.3 million was paid in cash. The entire distribution
was paid from cash flows provided by operations. 

On July 15, 2016,
the distribution for the three-month period ending June 30, 2016 of $3.2 million was paid in cash. The entire distribution was
paid from cash flows provided by operations. 

On April 15, 2016, the distribution for
the three-month period ending March 31, 2016 of $3.2 million was paid in cash. The distribution was paid from a combination of
cash flows provided by operations ($2.6 million or 82%) and other non-operating cash ($0.6 million or 18%). 

New Accounting Pronouncements    

See Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for further information of certain accounting standards that have been adopted during 2016 and certain accounting
standards that we have not yet been required to implement and may be applicable to our future operations. 

Subsequent Events   

See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for further information related to subsequent events during the period from October 1, 2016 through the date
of this filing. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.  

Market risk includes risks that arise from
changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect
market sensitive instruments. The primary market risk to which we are currently and expect to continue to be exposed is interest
rate risk. 

We are currently and expect to continue
to be exposed to the effects of interest rate changes primarily as a result of borrowings used to maintain liquidity and fund the
expansion and refinancing of our real estate investment portfolio and operations. Our interest rate risk management objectives
have been and will continue to be to limit the impact of interest rate changes on our earnings, prepayment penalties and cash flows
and to lower overall borrowing costs while taking into account variable interest rate risk. To achieve our objectives, we may borrow
at fixed rates or variable rates. We may also enter into derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps and caps
in order to mitigate our interest rate risk on a related financial instrument. We will not enter into derivative or interest rate
transactions for speculative purposes. As of September 30, 2016, we had one interest rate swap with an insignificant intrinsic
value. 

As of September 30, 2016, we held marketable
securities with a fair value of $8.6 million, which are available for sale for general investment purposes. We regularly review
the market prices of our investments for impairment purposes. As of September 30, 2016, a hypothetical adverse 10.0% movement in
market values would result in a hypothetical loss in fair value of approximately $0.9 million. 

The following table shows the estimated
principal maturities for our mortgage debt during the next five years and thereafter as of September 30, 2016: 

Pursuant to the Company s debt agreements,
approximately $3.2 million and $2.2 million was held in restricted escrow accounts as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. Such escrows are subject to release in accordance with the applicable debt agreement for the payment of real estate
taxes, insurance and capital improvements, as required. Certain of our debt agreements also contain clauses providing for prepayment
penalties and require the maintenance of certain ratios, including debt service coverage and fixed leverage charge ratio. The Company
is currently in compliance with respect to all of its financial debt covenants. 

Additionally, the Company s mortgage
loan (outstanding principal balance of $6.0 million as of September 30, 2016) secured by the Courtyard   Baton Rouge matures
in May 2017. The Company currently intends to seek to refinance and/or repay in full, using cash proceeds from the potential sale
of assets, such existing indebtedness on or before its applicable stated maturity. Other than this financing, the Company has no
additional significant maturities of mortgage debt over the next 12 months. 

The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents, restricted escrows and deposits, prepaid expenses and other assets, accounts payable
and accrued expenses, margin loan, due to/from related party, and distributions payable approximated their fair values because
of the short maturity of these instruments. The estimated fair value of our mortgages payable is as follows: 

The fair value of our mortgages payable
was determined by discounting the future contractual interest and principal payments by market interest rates. 

In addition to changes in interest
rates, the value of our real estate and real estate related investments is subject to fluctuations based on changes in local and
regional economic conditions and changes in the creditworthiness of tenants, which may affect our ability to obtain or refinance
debt in the future. As of September 30, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We cannot predict the effect of adverse
changes in interest rates on our debt and, therefore, our exposure to market risk, nor can we provide any assurance that long-term
debt will be available at advantageous pricing. Consequently, future results may differ materially from the estimated adverse changes
discussed above. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.  

As of the end of the
period covered by this report, management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon, and as of the date of the evaluation, our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported as and when required. 

There have been no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. There were no significant
deficiencies or material weaknesses identified in the evaluation, and therefore, no corrective actions were taken. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION:  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.  

From time to time in the ordinary course
of business, the Company may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

On July 13, 2011, JF Capital Advisors,
filed a lawsuit against The Lightstone Group, LLC, the Company, and Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. in
the Supreme Court of the State of New York seeking payment for services alleged to have been rendered, and to be rendered prospectively,
under theories of unjust enrichment and breach of contract. The plaintiff had a limited business arrangement with The Lightstone
Group, LLC; that arrangement has been terminated. We filed a motion to dismiss the action and, on January 31, 2012, the Supreme
Court dismissed the complaint in its entirety, but granted the plaintiff leave to replead two limited causes of action. 

The plaintiff filed an amended complaint
on May 18, 2012, bringing limited claims under theories of unjust enrichment and quantum meruit. On November 21, 2012, the court
dismissed this second complaint in part, leaving only $164 (plus interest) in potential damages. The plaintiff appealed this decision
and Lightstone cross-appealed arguing that the case should have been dismissed in full. The appeals court denied plaintiff s
motion and granted defendants  motion, as a result of which all claims were dismissed on March 25, 2014. The plaintiff filed
a motion requesting the right to re-appeal to the Court of Appeals, which was granted on August 1, 2014. 

Plaintiff has appealed to the Court of
Appeals, which affirmed in part and denied in part, leaving a smaller number of claims available to the Plaintiff. Plaintiff has
indicated that it intends to continue to pursue these claims in the trial court. 

While any proceeding or litigation has
an element of uncertainty, management currently believes that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome with respect to the aforementioned
legal proceedings is remote. No provision for loss has been recorded in connection therewith. 

As of the date hereof, the Company is not
a party to any material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible to have a material adverse
effect on its results of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the contingency and possible
range of loss. Additionally, the Company has not recorded any loss contingencies related to legal proceedings in which the potential
loss is deemed to be remote. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

We discuss in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K various risks that may materially affect our business. We use this section to update this discussion to reflect material
developments since our Form 10-K was filed. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, there were no such material developments. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities  

During the period covered by this Form
10-Q, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

 None. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

 None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Exhibit  
          Number   

Description    

31.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended.   
 
      31.2*  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended.   
 
      32.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to SEC Release 34-47551 this Exhibit is furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed to be  filed.    
 
      32.2*  
       
      Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Pursuant to SEC Release 34-47551 this Exhibit is furnished to the SEC and shall not be deemed to be  filed.    
 
      101*  
       
      XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).The following financial information from Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2016, formatted in XBRL includes: (1) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (2) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (3) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (4) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity, (5) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (6) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement.   

*Filed herewith 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE  
          INVESTMENT TRUST II, INC.    

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/ David Lichtenstein   

David Lichtenstein   

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      By:    
      /s/ Donna Brandin   

Donna Brandin   

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting
        Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452110_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

  Certifications  

 I, David Lichtenstein, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have:  

a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ David Lichtenstein                     

David Lichtenstein 

 Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452110_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

  Certifications  

 I, Donna Brandin, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have:  

a)   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Donna Brandin                      

 Donna Brandin 

 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452110_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, David Lichtenstein, the Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. (the  Company )
certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ David Lichtenstein                     

David Lichtenstein 

 Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452110_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE  

  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Donna Brandin, the Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust II, Inc. (the  Company )
certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Donna Brandin                     

Donna Brandin 

 Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cik0001436975-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik0001436975-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cik0001436975-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik0001436975-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik0001436975-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik0001436975-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

