<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_864509_0001144204-16-133256_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1784090</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>87601</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>144714</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>390897</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>710038</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>396522</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>32</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133256.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110160132
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133256
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMAND SECURITY CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000864509
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-DETECTIVE, GUARD & ARMORED CAR SERVICES [7381]
		IRS NUMBER:				141626307
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33525
		FILM NUMBER:		161987950

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		512 HERNDON PARKWAY, SUITE A
		STREET 2:		VAN BUREN OFFICE PARK
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20170
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9144543703

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		512 HERNDON PARKWAY, SUITE A
		STREET 2:		VAN BUREN OFFICE PARK
		CITY:			HERNDON
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20170

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133256.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v452486_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF  

  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF  

  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from _________
to _________ 

Commission File Number 001-33525 

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

New York   
       
       14-1626307    
 
       (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or   
       
       (I.R.S.  Employer Identification No.)    
 
       organization)   

512 Herndon Parkway, Suite A, Herndon, VA  
       
      20170   
 
       (Address of principal executive offices)   
       
       (Zip Code)    

(703) 464-4735  

  (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    x     No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definition
of  accelerated filer,   large accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer      
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Smaller reporting company  x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes         No
 x  

The number of outstanding shares of the
registrant s common stock as of November 7, 2016 was 9,841,484  

Table of Contents   

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   Financial Statements  

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements  

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements  

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements  

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements  

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements presented herein have not been audited, and have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form
10-Q which do not include all of the information and note disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
as of and for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. In this discussion, the words  Company,   we,   our, 
 us  and terms of similar import should be deemed to refer to Command Security Corporation. 

The condensed consolidated
financial statements for the interim period shown in this report are not necessarily indicative of our results to be expected
for any period after the date hereof, including for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017 or for any other subsequent period.
The condensed consolidated financial statements include the consolidated accounts of the Company with all intercompany
transactions eliminated. In the opinion of our management, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements
reflect all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair presentation of the
financial statements included in this quarterly report. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. 

1.  
      Recently Issued Accounting Standards   

In May 2014, the FASB and the
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued, ASU 2014-09  (Topic 606) Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The
guidance substantially converges final standards on revenue recognition between the FASB and IASB providing a framework on addressing
revenue recognition issues and, upon its effective date, replaces almost all existing revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific
guidance, in current U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date , which deferred the effective date of ASU No.
2014-09 by one year, making it effective for the Company s fiscal year ending March 31, 2019. This standard may be applied
retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or retrospectively with a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings in the year
of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2014-09 to determine the impact, if any, that it may
have on our current practices. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes . ASU 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred
taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as non-current on the balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective
for the Company s fiscal year ending March 31, 2018. The guidance may be adopted prospectively or retrospectively and early
adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance. Other than the reclassification of the
current deferred tax asset to long term assets, the adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company's financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a right-to-use asset
on the balance sheet for all leases, except certain short-term leases. ASU 2016-02 is effective beginning with the Company s
fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, with early adoption permitted, and must be implemented using a modified retrospective approach
for all leases existing at, or entered into after the beginning of the earliest comparative period that is presented in the financial
statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09 on its financial statements. The adoption of this guidance
is expected to result in a significant increase in assets and liabilities on the Company s balance sheet. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting , which simplifies accounting and presentation
of share-based payments, primarily relating to the recognition and classification of excess tax benefits, accounting for forfeitures
and tax withholding requirements. ASU 2016-09 is effective beginning with the Company s fiscal year ending March 31, 2018,
with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-09 on its financial statements. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued
new guidance on cash flow statement presentation ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230); Classification of Certain
Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . This ASU addresses diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented
and classified in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance is effective beginning with the Company s fiscal year ending
March 31, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The Company has not yet adopted this standard and is continuing its evaluation of
the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements.  

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

2.  
       Short-Term Borrowings:    

On February 12, 2009, we entered
into a $20.0 million credit facility (the  Credit Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ( Wells
Fargo ). This credit facility, which was most recently amended in October 2016 (see below) and matures March 31, 2017, contains
customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, covenants requiring us to maintain certain financial
ratios and is collateralized by customer accounts receivable and certain other assets of the Company as defined in the Credit Agreement. 

The Credit Agreement provides
for a letter of credit sub-line in an aggregate amount of up to $3.0 million. The Credit Agreement also provides for interest to
be calculated on the outstanding principal balance of the revolving loans at the prime rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
plus 1.50%. For LIBOR loans, interest will be calculated on the outstanding principal balance of the LIBOR loans at the LIBOR rate
(as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 1.75%. 

On November 13, 2015, we entered
into a fifth amendment (the  Fifth Amendment ) to our Credit Agreement. The Fifth Amendment amends a financial covenant
of the Credit Agreement to allow for certain legal settlement costs associated with the Company s settlement of a class action
lawsuit (Leal v. Command Security Corporation). 

On February 12, 2016, we entered
into a sixth amendment (the  Sixth Amendment  to our Credit Agreement). The Sixth Amendment amends the Credit Agreement
to replace the  Minimum Debt Service Coverage Ratio  covenant with a  Minimum Excess Availability  covenant
that was effective as of December 31, 2015. 

On October 12, 2016, we entered
into a seventh amendment (the  Seventh Amendment  to our Credit Agreement). The Seventh Amendment amends the Credit
Agreement to extend the existing agreement from October 16, 2016 to March 31, 2017 and amend the terms of the  Minimum Excess
Availability  covenant. If we breach a covenant, Wells Fargo has the right to immediately request the repayment in full of
all borrowings under the Credit Agreement, unless Wells Fargo waives the breach. For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Agreement. 

Under the Credit Agreement,
as of September 30, 2016, the interest rate was 2.375% for LIBOR loans and 2.625% for revolving loans. At September 30, 2016, we
had approximately $0.5 million of cash on hand. We also had $8.0 million in LIBOR loans outstanding, $4.0 million of revolving
loans outstanding and $0.5 million outstanding under our letters of credit sub-line under the Credit Agreement, representing 69%
of the maximum borrowing capacity under the Credit Agreement based on our  eligible accounts receivable  (as defined
in the Credit Agreement) as of such date. 

3.  
       Other Assets:    

The other asset workers 
compensation insurance represents the net amount of the payments made to cover the workers  compensation insurance premium
against the actual premium due as well as the difference in the amount deposited to the loss fund less the estimated workers 
compensation claims and reserves related to the historical loss claims as well as the estimates related to the incurred but not
reported claims. There is no offsetting claim liability reported as the Company has determined that there is a sufficient amount
deposited into the loss funds to cover the estimated claims reserve as well as the estimate related to the incurred but not reported
claims.  

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

4.  
       Minority Investment in Unconsolidated Affiliate    

In March 2014, the Company made
a 20% minority investment in Ocean Protection Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ( OPS LLC ) which
at that time owned 100% of a holding company, OPS Acquisitions, Ltd ( OPSA Ltd ), which in turn owns 100% of the operating
company, Ocean Protection Services, Ltd. ( OPS Ltd. ), a UK based company specializing in maritime security, risk management
and risk analysis. The Company purchased 2,000 Class A Common Units of OPS LLC for a purchase price of $2.125 million. The excess
of the carrying value of the Company s investment in OPS LLC and the proportionate share of the underlying net assets of
OPS Ltd. is largely attributable to goodwill. Since the Company s initial investment, there have been no additional capital
contributions made or distributions received. 

On September 7, 2016, the majority
owner of OPS LLC consented to a restructuring transaction wherein 70% of its investment in OPSA Ltd. was transferred to a group
comprising former management and owners of OPS Ltd. and the holder of the senior debt of OPSA Ltd. On September 21, 2016, the majority
owner of OPS LLC transferred its 80% interest in OPS LLC to the Company resulting in the Company owning 100% of OPS LLC. No cash
consideration was paid by the Company and no liabilities were undertaken by the Company in connection with the OPS LLC transfer
to the Company. As a result, OPS LLC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company thereby increasing the Company s interest
in OPSA Ltd. (and OPS Ltd.) from 20% to 30%. 

The following summarizes the
condensed consolidated statements of operations of OPSA Ltd. for the six months ended: 

5.  
       Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities:    

6.  
       Insurance Reserves:    

We have an insurance policy
covering workers  compensation claims in states where we perform services. Estimated accrued liabilities are based on our
historical loss experience and the ratio of claims paid to our historical payout profiles. Charges for estimated workers 
compensation related losses incurred and included in cost of sales were $800,667 and $656,885 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $ 1,771,780 and $1,286,914 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The nature of our business also
subjects us to claims or litigation alleging that we are liable for damages as a result of the conduct of our employees or others.
We insure against such claims and suits through general liability policies with third-party insurance companies. 

Our insurance coverage limits
are currently $1.0 million per occurrence for non-aviation related business (with additional first and second layer excess liability
policies of $5.0 million and $10.0 million, respectively) and $30.0 million per occurrence for aviation related business. We retain
the risk for the first $25,000 of general liability non-aviation related operations. The aviation related deductible is $5,000
per occurrence, with the exception of $50,000 for airport wheelchair and electric cart operations, $25,000 for damage to aircraft
and $100,000 for skycap operations. Estimated accrued liabilities are based on specific reserves in connection with existing claims
as determined by third party risk management consultants and actuarial factors and the timing of reported claims. These are all
factored into estimated losses incurred but not yet reported to us. 

Cumulative amounts estimated
to be payable by us with respect to pending and potential claims for all years in which we are liable under our general liability
retention and workers  compensation policies have been accrued as liabilities. Such accrued liabilities are necessarily based
on estimates; accordingly, our ultimate liability may exceed or be less than the amounts accrued. The methods of making such estimates
and establishing the resultant accrued liability are reviewed continually and any adjustments resulting therefrom are reflected
in our current results of operations. 

Workers  compensation
annual costs are comprised of premiums as well as incurred losses as determined at the end of the coverage period, subject to
minimum and maximum amounts. Workers  compensation insurance claims and reserves include accruals of estimated settlements
for known claims, as well as accruals of estimates for claims incurred but not yet reported as provided by a third party. In estimating
these accruals, we consider historical loss experience and make judgments about the expected levels of costs per claim. We believe
our estimates of future liability are reasonable based upon our methodology; however, changes in health care costs, accident frequency
and severity and other factors could materially affect the estimate for these liabilities. The Company continually monitors changes
in claim type and incident and evaluates the workers  compensation insurance accrual, making necessary adjustments based
on the evaluation of these qualitative data points.  

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

7.  
       Earnings per Share:    

Under the requirements of FASB
ASC 260-10,  Earnings Per Share , the dilutive effect of our common shares that have not been issued, but that may be issued
upon the exercise or conversion, as the case may be, of rights or options to acquire such common shares, is excluded from the calculation
for basic earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share reflects the additional dilution that would result from the issuance of
our common shares if such rights or options were exercised or converted, as the case may be, and is presented for the three and
six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

For the three and six months
ended September 30, 2015, the Company reported a net loss and, accordingly, potential common shares that would cause dilution,
such as employee stock options, have been excluded from the diluted share count because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive.
For the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, the fully diluted shares would have been 9,892,976 and 9,937,766, respectively. 

8.  
       Contingencies:    

The nature of our business is
such that there is a significant volume of routine claims and lawsuits that are made against us, the vast majority of which never
lead to the award of substantial damages. We maintain general liability and workers  compensation insurance coverage that
we believe is appropriate to the relevant level of risk and potential liability that we face, relating to these matters. Some of
the claims brought against us could result in significant payments; however, the exposure to us under general liability non-aviation
related operations is limited to the first $25,000 per occurrence. The aviation related deductible is $5,000 per occurrence, with
the exception of $50,000 for airport wheelchair and electric cart operations, $25,000 for damage to aircraft and $100,000 for skycap
operations. Any punitive damage award would not be covered by the general liability insurance policy. The only other potential
impact would be on future premiums, which may be adversely affected by an unfavorable claims history. 

In March 2012,
the California Service Employees Health and Welfare Trust Fund filed a suit in U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of California against the Company seeking to maintain the payment of monthly health insurance contributions, which were
stopped by the Company following the termination of the collective bargaining agreement. Venue was subsequently transferred
to the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. On July 31, 2014 the Court denied the plaintiffs 
motion for summary judgment and granted partial summary judgment in favor of the Company. While the parties stipulated to a
proposed judgment within recorded reserves, the plaintiffs  appealed the judgment before the Judge had issued a final
Order, pending the outcome of the companion case filed in July 2012. In that case, the Service Employee International Union
(SEIU) filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company seeking the
restoration of the collective bargaining agreement between SEIU and the Company following a majority vote of Aviation
Safeguards employees in December 2011 to withdraw recognition of the union. On February 20, 2014, the U.S. District Court,
Central District of California, ruled in favor of the Company and granted our motion for summary judgment in full, denied the
plaintiffs  motion for summary judgment and terminated the case. The plaintiffs filed their Notice of Appeal to the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on March 18, 2014 and both parties have subsequently filed appellate briefs. Oral
arguments were held in March 2016 in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. On September 14, 2016 the Court issued its Opinion,
reversing the lower court s order and ordering that the SEIU motion for summary judgment be granted. The Company is
exploring review with the United States Supreme Court. These cases involve a high degree of inherent uncertainty and, as such,
the Company is unable to estimate the eventual amount of potential loss, if any, until developments in the case yield
additional information sufficient to support a quantitative assessment of the range of reasonably probable loss. At this time
it is not possible to predict the outcome of this appeal or the potential cost if the plaintiffs were to prevail, however,
the potential cost to the company could be material. 

On April 29, 2014, the California
Superior Court granted a plaintiff s motion (Leal v. Command Security Corporation) to certify a class consisting of all persons
who were employed by the Company in a non-exempt security officer position within the State of California at any time since May
2, 2007 through the date of trial who agreed to and signed an on-duty meal period agreement at the time of their employment. The
case is a certified class action involving allegations that the Company violated certain California state laws relating to on-duty
meal and rest breaks. On November 12, 2015, the Company agreed to a maximum settlement amount of $2.0 million, including plaintiff s
attorney fees and costs, administration costs, and certain other miscellaneous costs. As part of the settlement, the parties further
agreed that (i) the final settlement will be subject to court approval; (ii) a minimum of 50% of the net proceeds will be distributed
to the class; and (iii) the settlement will be paid in two installments, the first to be paid upon court approval of the final
settlement agreement and the second to be paid no later than one year from final approval. The Company expects court approval and
the first of the two installments to be paid before December 31, 2016. 

The Leal v. Command Security
Corporation lawsuit is one of numerous class action lawsuits filed during the past two years against security guard companies in
California related to meal and rest break regulations. The Company aggressively defended its position in this case; however, given
the environment in California regarding similar lawsuits, the Company settled this matter and believes that settling the matter
provided a favorable outcome. While the parties have established a maximum settlement amount at $2.0 million, the Company recorded
a $1.4 million provision in the quarter ended September 30, 2015. We record legal costs associated with loss contingencies as expenses
in the period in which they are incurred. This provision is based on the terms of the settlement and historical statistical information
as to the expected rate of participation in similar cases provided to the Company by claims administrators. In the event the rate
of participation in the settlement by class members were to exceed current estimates the final settlement amount could increase
up to the maximum settlement amount. The settlement will be administered over the next one to two years. 

In addition to such cases, we
have been named as a defendant in several uninsured employment related claims that are pending before various courts, the Equal
Employment Opportunities Commission or various state and local agencies. We have instituted policies to minimize these occurrences
and monitor those that do occur. At this time, we are unable to determine the impact on the financial position and results of operations
that these claims may have, should the investigations conclude that they are valid. 

We have employment agreements
with certain of our officers and key employees with terms which range from one to three years. The agreements generally provide
for annual salaries and for salary continuation for a specified number of months under certain circumstances, including a change
in control of the Company. Approximately 36% of our workforce is subject to a collective bargaining agreement which is set to expire
on March 31, 2017, or a recognition agreement with SEIU 32BJ. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

The following Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial
statements and the related notes contained in this quarterly report. 

Forward Looking Statements   

Certain of our statements contained in
this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this quarterly report
and, in particular, those under the heading  Outlook,  contain forward-looking statements. The words  may, 
 will,   should,   expect,   anticipate,   believe,   plans, 
 intend  and  continue,  or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable
terminology typically identify such statements. These statements are based on our management s current expectations, estimates,
forecasts and projections about the industry in which we operate generally, and other beliefs of and assumptions made by our management,
some or many of which may be incorrect. In addition, other written or verbal statements that constitute forward-looking statements
may be made by us or on our behalf. While our management believes these statements are accurate, our business is dependent upon
general economic conditions and various conditions specific to the industries in which we operate. Moreover, we believe that the
current business environment is more challenging and difficult than it has been in the past several years, if not longer. Many
of our customers, particularly those that are primarily involved in the aviation industry, are currently experiencing substantial
financial and business difficulties. If the business of any substantial customer or group of customers fails or is materially and
adversely affected by the current economic environment or otherwise, they may seek to substantially reduce their expenditures for
our services. Any loss of business from our substantial customers could cause our actual results to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements that we have made in this quarterly report. Further, other factors, including, but not limited to, those
relating to the shortage of qualified labor, competitive conditions and adverse changes in economic conditions of the various markets
in which we operate, could adversely impact our business, operations and financial condition and cause our actual results to fail
to meet our expectations, as expressed in the forward-looking statements that we have made in this quarterly report. These forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance, and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we may not be
able to accurately predict. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

As provided for under the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we wish to caution shareholders and investors that the important factors under the heading  Risk
Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to our fiscal year
ended March 31, 2016, could cause our actual financial condition and results from operations to differ materially from our anticipated
results or other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements in this quarterly report. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates   

Critical accounting policies are defined
as those most important to the portrayal of a company s financial condition and results and that require the most difficult,
subjective or complex judgments. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. The estimates that we make include allowances for doubtful accounts, depreciation and
amortization, income tax assets and insurance reserves. Estimates are based on historical experience, where applicable or other
assumptions that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. We have identified the policies described below as
our critical accounting policies. Due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making estimates, actual results may differ from
those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Revenue Recognition   

We record revenues as services are provided
to our customers. Revenues consist primarily of aviation and security services, which are typically billed at hourly rates. These
rates may vary depending on base, overtime and holiday time worked. Revenue is reported net of applicable taxes. 

Accounts Receivable   

We periodically evaluate the requirement
for providing for billing adjustments and/or reflect the extent to which we will be able to collect our accounts receivable. We
provide for billing adjustments where management determines that there is a likelihood of a significant adjustment for disputed
billings. Criteria used by management to evaluate the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts include, among others, the
creditworthiness of the customer, current trends, prior payment performance, the age of the receivables and our overall historical
loss experience. Individual accounts are charged off against the allowance as management deems them to be uncollectible. 

Minority Investment in Unconsolidated Affiliate   

The Company including its consolidated
subsidiary, OPS LLC, use the equity method to account for its investment in OPSA Ltd. Equity method investments are recorded at
original cost and adjusted periodically to recognize: (i) our proportionate share of investees  net income or losses after
the date of the investment; (ii) additional contributions made or distributions received; and (iii) impairment losses resulting
from adjustments to net realizable value. The Company reviews its investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a loss in the value of the investment may be other than temporary. 

Intangible Assets   

Intangible assets are stated at cost and
consist primarily of customer lists and borrowing costs that are being amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of three
to ten years, and goodwill, which is reviewed annually for impairment. The life assigned to acquired customer lists is based on
management s estimate of our expected customer attrition rate. The attrition rate is estimated based on historical contract
longevity and management s operating experience. We test for impairment annually or when events and circumstances warrant
such a review, if earlier. Any potential impairment is evaluated based on anticipated undiscounted future cash flows and actual
customer attrition in accordance with FASB ASC 360,  Property, Plant and Equipment . 

Insurance Reserves   

General liability estimated accrued liabilities
are calculated on an undiscounted basis based on actual claim data and estimates of incurred but not reported claims developed
utilizing historical claim trends. Projected settlements and incurred but not reported claims are estimated based on pending claims,
historical trends and related data. 

Workers  compensation annual costs
are comprised of premiums as well as incurred losses as determined at the end of the coverage period, subject to minimum and maximum
amounts. Workers  compensation insurance claims and reserves include accruals of estimated settlements for known claims,
as well as accruals of estimates for claims incurred but not yet reported as provided by a third party. In estimating these accruals,
we consider historical loss experience and make judgments about the expected levels of costs per claim. We believe our estimates
of future liability are reasonable based upon our methodology; however, changes in health care costs, accident frequency and severity
and other factors could materially affect the estimate for these liabilities. The Company continually monitors changes in claim
type and incident and evaluates the workers  compensation insurance accrual, making necessary adjustments based on the evaluation
of these qualitative data points. 

Income Taxes   

Income taxes are based on income (loss)
for financial reporting purposes and reflect a current tax liability (asset) for the estimated taxes payable (recoverable) in the
current year tax return and changes in deferred taxes. Deferred tax assets or liabilities are determined based on differences between
financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax laws and rates. A valuation allowance
is provided on deferred tax assets if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the asset will not be realized. 

We recognize the effect of income tax positions
only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest
amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in
which the change in judgment occurs. In the event that interest and/or penalties are assessed in connection with our tax filings,
interest will be recorded as interest expense and penalties as selling, general and administrative expense. We did not have any
unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Stock Based Compensation   

FASB ASC 718, Stock Compensation, requires
all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the financial statements
based on their fair values at grant date and the recognition of the related expense over the period in which the share-based compensation
vests. We use the modified-prospective transition method. Under the modified-prospective transition method, we recognize compensation
expense in our financial statements issued subsequent to the date of adoption for all share-based payments granted, modified or
settled. Non-cash charges of $8,104 and $70,229 for stock based compensation have been recorded for the six months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Overview  

We principally provide uniformed security
officers and aviation services to commercial, residential, financial, industrial, aviation and governmental customers through approximately
28 offices throughout the United States. In conjunction with providing these services, we assume responsibility for a variety of
functions, including recruiting, hiring, training and supervising all operating personnel as well as paying such personnel and
providing them with uniforms, fringe benefits and workers  compensation insurance. 

Our customer-focused mission is to provide
the best personalized supervision and management attention necessary to deliver timely and efficient security solutions so that
our customers can operate in safe environments without disruption or loss. Technology underpins our efficiency, accuracy and dependability.
We use a sophisticated software system that integrates scheduling, payroll and billing functions, giving customers the benefit
of customized programs using the personnel best suited to the job. 

Renewing and extending existing contracts
and obtaining new contracts are crucial to our ability to generate revenues, earnings and cash flow. In addition, our growth strategy
involves the acquisition and integration of complementary businesses in order to increase our scale within certain geographical
areas, increase our market share in the markets in which we operate, gain market share in the markets in which we do not currently
operate and improve our profitability. We intend to pursue suitable acquisition opportunities for contract security officer businesses.
We frequently evaluate acquisition opportunities and, at any given time, may be in various stages of due diligence or preliminary
discussions with respect to a number of potential acquisitions. However, we cannot assure you that we will identify any suitable
acquisition candidates or, if identified, that we will be able to complete the acquisition of such candidates on favorable terms
or at all. 

The global security industry has grown
largely due to an increasing fear of crime and terrorism. In the United States, the demand for security-related products and central
station monitoring services also has grown steadily. We believe that there is continued heightened attention to and demand for
security due to worldwide events, and the ensuing threat, or perceived threat, of criminal and terrorist activities. For these
reasons, we expect that security will continue to be a key area of focus both domestically in the United States and abroad. 

Demand for security officer services is
dependent upon a number of factors, including, among other things, demographic trends, general economic variables such as growth
in the gross domestic product, unemployment rates, consumer spending levels, perceived and actual crime rates, government legislation,
terrorism sensitivity, war/external conflicts and technology. 

Results of Operations   

Revenues    

Our revenues increased by $8.0 million,
or 23.1%, to $42.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $34.4 million in the corresponding period of the
prior year. The increase in revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due mainly to the commencement of work under
the contracts with the USPS in June 2016 and a large on-line retailer in April 2016. In addition, revenues from a major transportation
company increased by approximately $0.6 million and revenues from financial and banking institutions increased by approximately
$0.3 million. These increases were partly offset by reductions in revenues of approximately $0.7 million from residential and retail
customers, approximately $0.7 million from temporary airport construction related services and from California based technology
companies of approximately $0.6 million. 

Our revenues increased by $10.6 million,
or 15.6%, to $78.7 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 from $68.1 million in the corresponding period of the prior
year. The increase in revenues for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was due mainly to the commencement of work under the
contracts with the USPS in June 2016 and a large on-line retailer in April 2016. In addition, revenues from a major transportation
company increased by approximately $0.9 million, revenues from New York based healthcare facilities increased by approximately
$0.5 million and revenues from financial and banking institutions increased by approximately $0.5 million. These increases were
partially offset by reductions in revenues of approximately $1.5 million from temporary airport construction related services,
approximately $1.5 million from California based technology companies and approximately $1.2 million from residential and retail
customers. 

Gross Profit    

Our gross profit increased by $0.6 million,
or 13.2%, to $5.2 million (12.2% of revenues) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $4.6 million (13.2% of revenues)
in the corresponding period of the prior year. The increase in gross profit was due mainly to the commencement of work under the
contracts with the USPS and the large on-line retailer as discussed above, partly offset by a decline in gross profit from temporary
airport construction related security services. 

Our gross profit increased by $0.3 million,
or 3.5%, to $9.7 million (12.3% of revenues) for the six months ended September 30, 2016, from $9.4 million, (13.8% of revenues)
in the corresponding period of the prior year. The increase in gross profit was due mainly to the commencement of work under the
contracts with the USPS and the large on-line retailer, an increase in gross profit from financial institutions and an increase
in equipment sales. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in profits following the decline in revenues from temporary
airport construction related services, California based technology companies and various residential and retail customers. 

The decline in gross profit margins for
the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, was primarily due to the decline in revenues from temporary airport construction
related security services and certain start-up costs incurred in connection with the above-mentioned new contracts. 

General
and Administrative Expenses    

Our general and administrative expenses
decreased by $0.2 million, or 4.1%, to $4.4 million (10.3% of revenues) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $4.6
million (13.3% of revenues) in the corresponding period of the prior year. The decrease in general and administrative expenses
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was driven primarily by lower legal and consulting fees, partly offset by higher
employee compensation benefits costs, information technology and communications costs. 

Our general and administrative expenses
decreased by $0.2 million, or 2.4%, to $8.5 million (10.8% of revenues) for the six months ended September 30, 2016, from $8.7
million (12.8% of revenues) in the corresponding period of the prior year. The decrease in general and administrative expenses
for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was driven primarily by lower legal fees, partly offset by higher employee compensation,
benefits costs, information technology and communications costs. 

Provision for Doubtful Accounts    

The provision for doubtful accounts for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, net of recoveries, decreased by $244,944 to net recoveries of $33,052 as compared with
net expense of $211,892 in the corresponding period of the prior year.  The decrease in the net provision for doubtful accounts
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was driven primarily by the recovery of approximately $45,600 of specific accounts
previously considered uncollectible and a reduction in past due accounts. 

The provision for doubtful accounts for
the six months ended September 30, 2016, net of recoveries, decreased by $480,443 to net recoveries of $107,913 as compared with
net expense of $372,530 in the corresponding period of the prior year. The decrease in the net provision for doubtful accounts
for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was driven primarily by recovery of approximately $75,462 of specific accounts previously
deemed uncollectible and a reduction in past due accounts. 

We periodically evaluate the requirement
for providing for billing adjustments and/or credit losses on our accounts receivable. We provide for billing adjustments in cases
where our management determines that there is a likelihood of a significant adjustment for disputed billings. Criteria used by
management to evaluate the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts include, among others, the creditworthiness of the customer,
current trends, prior payment performance, the age of the receivables and our overall historical loss experience. Individual accounts
are charged off against the allowance for doubtful accounts as our management deems them to be uncollectible. We do not know if
bad debts will increase in future periods. 

Operating Income (Loss)    

Our operating income increased by
$2.4 million, or 149%, to $0.8 million (1.9% of revenues) for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from an operating
loss of $1.6 million (4.7% of revenues) in the corresponding period of the prior year. The increase in operating income was
driven primarily by the absence of a $1.4 million settlement charge, the $0.6 improvement in gross
profit mentioned above, the $0.2 million reduction to general and administrative expenses and the $0.2 million increase in
recoveries of specific accounts receivable previously considered uncollectable. 

Our operating income increased by
$2.4 million, or 223%, to $1.3 million (1.7% of revenues) for the six months ended September 30, 2016, as compared with an
operating loss of $1.1 million (1.6% of revenues) in the corresponding period of the prior year. The increase in operating
income was driven primarily by the absence of a $1.4 million settlement charge, the $0.5 million reduction in the
provision for doubtful accounts mentioned above, the $0.2 million reduction to general and administrative expenses and the
$0.3 million improvement in gross profit. 

Interest Expense    

Interest expense increased by $45,666,
or 111%, to $86,786 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $41,120 in the corresponding period of the prior year.
The increase in interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to higher average outstanding borrowings
and higher interest rates under our credit agreement with Wells Fargo, described below. 

Interest expense increased by $67,601,
or 92.4%, to $140,771 for the six months ended September 30, 2016, from $73,170 in the corresponding period of the prior year.
The increase in interest expense for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was due primarily to higher average outstanding borrowings
and higher interest rates under our credit agreement with Wells Fargo, described below. 

Equity Earnings (Loss) in Minority Investment of Unconsolidated
Affiliate    

The Company uses the equity method
to account for its investment in OPS Acquisitions Ltd. ( OPSA ). Equity method investments are recorded at original cost and adjusted
periodically to recognize: (i) our proportionate share of investees  net income or losses after the date of the
investment; (ii) additional contributions made or distributions received; and (iii) impairment losses resulting from
adjustments to net realizable value. The Company reviews its investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a loss in the value of the investment may be other than
temporary. 

The Company s proportionate share
of the net loss of OPSA for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $30,000 as compared with net income of $74,804 in the
corresponding period of the prior year. The decrease in the Company s proportionate share of net income of OPSA was due
to a reduction in revenues driven by a decrease in total missions during the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015, as well as changes in the number and composition of assigned security personnel.
In addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, OPSA recognized approximately $122,000 of legal and other costs
incurred in connection with recent changes in its ownership structure.  

The Company s proportionate
share of the net loss of OPSA for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was $130,000 as compared with net income of $136,304
in the corresponding period of the prior year. The decrease in the Company s proportionate share of net income of OPSA
was due to a reduction in revenues driven by a decrease in total missions during the six months ended September 30, 2016 as
compared to the six months ended September 30, 2015, as well as changes in the number and composition of assigned security
personnel. In addition, during the six months ended September 30, 2016, OPSA recognized approximately $767,000 of costs
incurred in connection with certain strategic growth initiatives and other costs incurred in connection with recent changes
in the ownership of OPSA. 

During the past two fiscal years ended
December 31, 2015 and 2014, and continuing into the first nine months of 2016, OPSA has experienced a decline in revenues and net
income from continuing operations. Specifically, for the year ended December 31, 2015, revenues declined 16.1% from the year ended
December 31, 2014, gross profits declined by 10.2% and net income from continuing operations declined by 31.4%. However, during
the same periods, gross profit as a percent of revenues increased from 30.6% to 32.8%. 

OPSA revenues for the six months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $4.3 million and $6.1 million, respectively. Gross profit margins for the same periods
were 32.7% and 32.9%, respectively. 

The above-mentioned decline in revenues
was driven by an overall reduction in world-wide shipping activity, reduced demand for security personnel as a result of declines
in attempted and successful piracy attacks, lower insurance rates and lower oil prices allowing operators the option of longer
routes through lower risk areas further leading to a decline in demand for security services. The maturing of this industry has
also led to price competition further compressing revenues and margins. 

In addition, during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, OPSA has pursued certain strategic growth opportunities costing approximately $1.0 million that have resulted
in increases in a variety of related costs including salaries and wages, legal, consulting, travel and financing costs. And, during
the three months ended September 30, 2016, OPSA incurred $122,000 of costs in connection with recent changes in the ownership of
OPSA. 

The combination of the above-mentioned decline in revenues and increased costs has resulted in short-term liquidity pressures
that may impact OPSA s ability to remain current in its obligations under its senior debt. However, the Company and OPSA
believe the core business will continue to generate gross profit margins reasonably consistent with historical results and further,
there are initiatives underway to reduce operating expenses. While there can be no assurance that OPSA will be able to increase
revenues and/or net income from continuing operations in the foreseeable future or improve its liquidity outlook so as to avoid
a default under its credit agreement, the Company believes there is a reasonable possibility to return OPSA to more stable and
predictable levels of profitability. Management performed an impairment analysis as of March 31, 2016 and concluded its investment
in OPSA was not impaired at that time. The Company has and will continue to closely monitor the operations of OPSA and review
its investment for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a loss in the value of the investment may be
other than temporary. 

Provision for (benefit from) income
taxes    

The provision for income taxes increased
by $888,000 to a net tax provision of $251,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with a net tax benefit of
$637,000 in the corresponding period of the prior year. The Company s effective tax rate decreased by 3.5% to 36.5% for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with 40.0% in the corresponding period of the prior year. 

The provision for income taxes increased
by $857,000 to a net tax provision of $465,000 for the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a net tax benefit of $392,000
in the corresponding period of the prior year. The Company s effective tax rate increased by 5.3% to 43.7% for the six months
ended September 30, 2016 compared with 38.4% in the corresponding period of the prior year. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

We pay approximately 81% of our employees
on a bi-weekly basis with the remaining employees being paid on a weekly basis, while customers pay for services generally within
60 days from the invoice date.  We maintain a commercial revolving loan arrangement, currently with Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association ( Wells Fargo ).  We fund our payroll and operations primarily through borrowings under
our $20.0 million credit facility with Wells Fargo (as amended, the  Credit Agreement ), described below under  Short
Term Borrowings.  

We principally use short-term borrowings
under our Credit Agreement to fund our accounts receivable. Our short-term borrowings have supported the accounts receivable associated
with our organic growth.  We intend to continue to use short-term borrowings to support our working capital requirements. 

We believe that our existing funds, cash
generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our working capital, capital
expenditure and debt service requirements for the foreseeable future. However, we cannot assure you that this will continue to
be the case. We may be required to obtain alternative or additional financing to maintain and expand our existing operations through
the sale of our securities, an increase in the amount of available borrowings under our Credit Agreement, obtaining additional
financing from other financial institutions, or otherwise. The failure by us to obtain such financing, if needed, would have a
material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

Short-Term Borrowings:    

On February 12, 2009, we entered into a
$20.0 million credit facility (the  Credit Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ( Wells Fargo ).
This credit facility, which was most recently amended in October 2016 (see below) and matures March 31, 2017, contains customary
affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, covenants requiring us to maintain certain financial ratios
and is collateralized by customer accounts receivable and certain other assets of the Company as defined in the Credit Agreement. 

The Credit Agreement provides for a letter
of credit sub-line in an aggregate amount of up to $3.0 million. The Credit Agreement also provides for interest to be calculated
on the outstanding principal balance of the revolving loans at the prime rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 1.50%.
For LIBOR loans, interest will be calculated on the outstanding principal balance of the LIBOR loans at the LIBOR rate (as defined
in the Credit Agreement) plus 1.75%. 

On November 13, 2015, we entered into a
fifth amendment (the  Fifth Amendment ) to our Credit Agreement. The Fifth Amendment amends a financial covenant of
the Credit Agreement to allow for certain legal settlement costs associated with the Company s settlement of a class action
lawsuit (Leal v. Command Security Corporation). 

On February 12, 2016, we entered into a
sixth amendment (the  Sixth Amendment  to our Credit Agreement). The Sixth Amendment amends the Credit Agreement to
replace the  Minimum Debt Service Coverage Ratio  covenant with a  Minimum Excess Availability  covenant
that was effective as of December 31, 2015. 

On October 12, 2016, we entered into a
seventh amendment (the  Seventh Amendment  to our Credit Agreement). The Seventh Amendment amends the Credit Agreement
to extend the existing agreement from October 16, 2016 to March 31, 2017 and amend the terms of the  Minimum Excess Availability 
covenant. If we breach a covenant, Wells Fargo has the right to immediately request the repayment in full of all borrowings under
the Credit Agreement, unless Wells Fargo waives the breach. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we were in compliance
with all covenants under the Credit Agreement. 

Under the Credit Agreement, as of September
30, 2016, the interest rate was 2.375% for LIBOR loans and 2.6250% for revolving loans. At September 30, 2016, we had approximately
$0.5 million of cash on hand. We also had $8.0 million in LIBOR loans outstanding, $3.8 million of revolving loans outstanding
and $0.5 million outstanding under our letters of credit sub-line under the Credit Agreement, representing 69% of the maximum borrowing
capacity under the Credit Agreement based on our  eligible accounts receivable  (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
as of such date. 

Investments and Capital Expenditures  

We have no material commitments for capital
expenditures at this time. 

Working Capital  

Our working capital increased by $1.4 million,
or 12.8%, to $12.0 million as of September 30, 2016, from $10.7 million as of March 31, 2016. 

We had checks drawn in advance of future
deposits of $0.5 million at September 30, 2016, and March 31, 2016. Cash balances, book overdrafts and payroll and related expenses
can fluctuate materially from day to day depending on such factors as collections, timing of billing and payroll dates, and are
covered via advances from the revolving loan as checks are presented for payment. 

Outlook   

Operating Initiatives  

During the last few years the Company has
pursued several initiatives to improve our competitive and strategic position. Significant progress has been made in rebuilding
and strengthening our management team and improving the efficiency and functional effectiveness of our organization, systems and
processes. In December 2014 we re-entered the U.S. federal government market with the award of the U.S. Postal Service ( USPS )
contract which had been the subject of a long and challenging protest process.  On April 7, 2016, the Court of Federal Claims
dismissed the protest filed by Universal Protective Services ( Universal ) on January 27, 2016. Following the dismissal
of Universal s claim, the Company reinitiated activities to fully assume the USPS Contract in two phases. On June 6, 2016,
the Company commenced work at approximately half the locations and on June 13, 2016, commenced work at the remaining locations. 

Also consistent with the Company s
initiative to compete for larger contract opportunities, the Company commenced work on a new multi-state security services contract
with a large on-line retailer in April 2016. With a stronger foundation and a more effective organization, the Company is currently
engaged in a corporate-wide campaign with four basic focus areas: 

Improved performance through better systems, procedures and training;   

Profitable top line revenue growth through identification of larger bid and proposal opportunities including new Federal and/or international opportunities and potential acquisitions;   

Dedicated marketing and sales efforts in specific industry sectors that complement our core capabilities, geography and operational expertise; and,   

Attention to details and discipline that will drive operating efficiencies, and enhance enterprise value.   

These strategic initiatives may result
in future costs related to new business development expenses, severance and other employee-related matters, litigation risks and
expenses, and other costs.  At this time we are unable to determine the scope of these potential costs. 

Financial Results  

Our future revenues will largely depend
on our ability to gain additional business from new and existing customers in our security officer and aviation services divisions
at acceptable margins, while minimizing terminations of contracts with existing customers. In addition, our growth strategy involves
the acquisition and integration of complementary businesses to increase our scale within certain geographical areas, capture market
share in the markets in which we operate, enter new markets and improve our profitability. We intend to pursue acquisition opportunities
for contract security officer businesses. Our ability to complete future acquisitions will depend on our ability to identify suitable
acquisition candidates, negotiate acceptable terms for their acquisition and, if necessary, finance those acquisitions. Our security
services division continues to experience organic growth over recent quarters as demand for our security services has steadily
increased. Our current focus is on increasing our revenues, as our sales and marketing team and branch managers  work to
develop new business and retain profitable contracts. During recent years, the Department of Homeland Security and the Transportation
Security Administration have implemented numerous security measures that affect airline operations, including expanded cargo and
baggage screening, and are likely to implement additional measures in the future. Additional measures taken to enhance either passenger
or cargo security procedures in the future may increase the airline industry s demand for third party services provided by
us. Additionally, our aviation services division is continually subject to such government regulation, which has adversely affected
us in the past with the federalization of the pre-board screening services and the document verification process at several of
our domestic airport locations. 

Our gross profit margin during the six
months ended September 30, 2016 was 12.3%. We expect gross profit to remain under pressure due primarily to continued price competition,
including competition from companies that have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have. However, we expect
these effects will be moderated by continued operational efficiencies resulting from better management and leveraging of our cost
structures, workflow process efficiencies associated with our integrated financial software system and higher contributions from
our continuing new business development. 

Our security services division generated
approximately $48.8 million or 62.0% of our total revenues in the six months ended September 30, 2016. Our aviation services division
generated approximately $29.9 million or 38.0% of our total revenues in the six months ended September 30, 2016. 

In the six months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company had seven customers who, in the aggregate, represented approximately 54% of the Company s revenues for the six
months ended September 30, 2016, with two of those customers representing 13% and 11% of total revenues, respectively. These customers
include one domestic and one international airline, three major transportation   logistics companies, a northeast U.S. based
healthcare facility and an airline consortium. Any loss of business with these customers could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

As noted earlier, on February 12, 2009,
we entered into a $20.0 million Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo, which was most recently amended in October 2016, as described
above. As of the close of business on October 24, 2016, 2016, our total outstanding borrowings under the Credit Agreement were
approximately $10.0 million and our total availability was approximately $7.5 million,  which we believe is sufficient to
meet our needs for the foreseeable future barring any increase in reserves imposed by Wells Fargo. We believe that existing funds,
cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our working capital, planned
capital expenditures and debt service requirements for the foreseeable future, barring any increase in reserves imposed by Wells
Fargo. However, we cannot assure you that this will be the case, and we may be required to obtain alternative or additional financing
to maintain and expand our existing operations through the sale of our securities, an increase in the amount of available borrowings
under our Credit Agreement, obtaining additional financing from other financial institutions or otherwise. The financial markets
generally, and the credit markets in particular, continue to be volatile, both in the United States and in other markets worldwide.
The current market situation has resulted generally in substantial reductions in available loans to a broad spectrum of businesses,
increased scrutiny by lenders of the credit-worthiness of borrowers, more restrictive covenants imposed by lenders upon borrowers
under credit and similar agreements and, in some cases, increased interest rates under commercial and other loans. If we require
alternative or additional financing at this or any other time, we cannot assure you that such financing will be available upon
commercially acceptable terms or at all. If we fail to obtain additional financing when and if required by us, our business, financial
condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.  

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk   

During the six months ended September 30,
2016, we did not hold a portfolio of securities instruments for either trading or speculative purposes. Periodically, we hold securities
instruments for other than trading purposes. Due to the short-term nature of our investments, we believe that we have no material
exposure to changes in the fair value as a result of market fluctuations. 

We are exposed to market risk in connection
with changes in interest rates, primarily in connection with outstanding balances under our revolving line of credit with Wells
Fargo, which was entered into for purposes other than trading purposes. Based on our average outstanding balances during the six
months ended September 30, 2016, a 1% change in the prime and/or LIBOR lending rates could impact our financial position and results
of operations by approximately $44,000 over the remainder of our fiscal year ending March 31, 2017. For additional information
on the revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo, see  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources   Short Term Borrowings.  

Reference is made to Item 2 of Part I of
this quarterly report,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Forward
Looking Statements.  

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   

We maintain  disclosure controls
and procedures , as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange
Act ), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

We believe that a control system, no matter
how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met, and no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected.
Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that such controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable
assurance level. 

An evaluation was performed under the supervision
and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation and subject to the foregoing, the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
September 30, 2016. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our second
quarter of fiscal 2017 ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
        Legal Proceedings     

See our discussion under Note 8  Contingencies 
to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A.   
        Risk Factors     

There have been no material changes to
our risk factors from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended March 31, 2016. 

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION    

Date:  November 10, 2016   
      By:  
      /s/ Craig P. Coy   

Craig P. Coy   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

/s/ N. Paul Brost   

N. Paul Brost   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452486_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I, Craig P. Coy, certify
that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Command Security Corporation; 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this quarterly report; 

4.          I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)          Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.          I
have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452486_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

I, N. Paul Brost, certify
that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Command Security Corporation; 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this quarterly report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this quarterly report; 

4.          I
am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a)          Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)          Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)          Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)          Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.          I
have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)          All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)          Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 10, 2016   

/s/ N. Paul Brost    

N. Paul Brost  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452486_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification Pursuant to 18 U. S.
C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly
Report on Command Security Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Craig P. Coy, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:  November 10, 2016   

By:  
      /s/ Craig P. Coy    

Craig P. Coy  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452486_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification Pursuant to 18 U. S.
C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly
Report on Command Security Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, N. Paul Brost, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:  November 10, 2016   

By:  
      /s/ N. Paul Brost   

N. Paul Brost  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 v452486_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1  

Company Contact:    

 N. Paul Brost 

 Chief Financial Officer 

 Command Security Corporation 

 703-464-4735 

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION REPORTS
FINANCIAL RESULTS  

  FOR SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

Herndon, VA***November 10, 2016***Command
Security Corporation (NYSE MKT: MOC) today reported its financial results for its second fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016. 

Revenues for the three months ended September
30, 2016 increased by $8.0 million or 23.1% to $42.4 million as compared with $34.4 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. Gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $5.2 million (12.2% of revenues) compared with $4.6 million
(13.2% of revenues) for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2016
was $0.8 million (1.9% of revenues) compared with operating loss of $1.6 million (4.7% of revenues) for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.4 million, or $0.04 per basic and diluted share
outstanding, compared with net loss of $1.0 million, or $0.10 per basic and diluted share outstanding for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. 

Revenues for the six months ended September
30, 2016 increased by $10.6 million or 15.6% to $78.7 million as compared with $68.1 million for the six months ended September
30, 2015. Gross profit for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was $9.7 million (12.3% of revenues) compared with $9.4 million
(13.8% of revenues) for the six months ended September 30, 2015. Operating income for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was
$1.3 million (1.7% of revenues) compared with operating loss of $1.1 million (1.6% of revenues) for the six months ended September
30, 2015. Net income for the six months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.6 million, or $0.06 per basic and diluted share outstanding,
compared with net loss of $0.6 million, or $0.06 per basic and diluted share outstanding for the six months ended September 30,
2015. 

The increases in revenues for the three
and six months ended September 30, 2016 were primarily driven by the commencement of work under the contracts with the U.S. Postal
Service ( USPS ) in June 2016 and under a new multi-state security services contract with a large online retailer in
April 2016. In addition, revenues from a major transportation company, financial and banking institutions increased. These increases
were partly offset by reductions in revenues from residential and retail customers, temporary airport construction related services
and California based technology companies. 

The increase in gross profits for the three
and six months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by the commencement of work on the above-mentioned new contracts with
the USPS and the large online retailer, increased equipment sales, partly offset by reductions in temporary airport construction
related security services. 

The increase in operating income for the
three and six months ended September 30, 2016 as compared with the corresponding periods of the prior year, was driven primarily
by the reduction in litigation settlement charges, the increase in gross profits as noted above, an increase in recoveries of specific
accounts receivable previously considered uncollectable, a reduction in past due accounts and a decrease in general and administrative
expenses. 

The increase in net income for the three
and six months ended September 30, 2016 as compared with the three months and six months ended September 30, 2015, was due mainly
to the increase in operating income as noted above, partially offset by an increase in interest expense, a decrease in equity earnings
in our minority investment in Ocean Protection Services (OPS), and an increase in income taxes. The decrease in the earnings of
OPS for the six months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period of the prior year, was primarily the result of lower
revenues and gross profits following a decline in overall demand, increased price competition and approximately $0.7 million of
general and administrative costs incurred in connection with the pursuit of certain strategic growth initiatives which are not
expected to materialize and costs incurred in connection with certain changes in the ownership of OPS.  

Craig P. Coy, Chief Executive Officer of Command Security, said,
 I am proud of the efforts and contributions by our outstanding team in delivering increased revenues and strong operating
results. This is a busy time of the year for our operations and human resource teams as we ramp up for the holiday season with
those customers who see added volume in their businesses. The company continues to evolve and improve which is essential in our
highly competitive environment.  

About Command Security Corporation  

Command Security Corporation and its Aviation
Safeguards division provide uniformed security officers and aviation security services to commercial, financial, industrial, aviation
and governmental customers throughout the United States. As our credo states  Securing All You Value,  we safeguard
against theft, fraud, fire, intrusion, vandalism and the many other threats that our customers are facing today. By partnering
with each customer, we design programs customized to meet their specific security needs and address their particular concerns.
We bring years of expertise, including sophisticated systems for hiring, training, supervision and oversight, backed by cutting-edge
technology, to every situation that our customers face involving security. Our mission is to enable our customers to operate their
businesses without disruption or loss and to create safe environments for their employees. For more information concerning our
company, please refer to our website at www.commandsecurity.com. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

This announcement by Command Security Corporation
(referred to herein as the  Company ) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 about the Company that are based on management s assumptions, expectations and projections about the Company.
Such forward-looking statements by their nature involve a degree of risk and uncertainty. The Company cautions that actual results
of the Company could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including
but not limited to the factors described under the heading  Risk Factors  in the Company s most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, and the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, each of which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and such other risks disclosed from
time to time in the Company s periodic and other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider
the areas of risk described above in connection with any forward-looking statements that may be made by the Company. The Company
undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any additional disclosures the Company makes in proxy statements, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, annual reports on Form 10-K and current reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
which are publicly available at the Securities and Exchange Commission s website at www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml. 

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

COMMAND SECURITY CORPORATION  

  CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 moc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 moc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 moc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 moc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 moc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 moc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

