<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161228_10-K_edgar_data_1435064_0001493152-16-016244_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4401031</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>194468</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>310512</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>962549</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1652458</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1174689</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>78</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-016244.hdr.sgml : 20161228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161228163435
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-016244
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CEMTREX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001435064
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37464
		FILM NUMBER:		162072876

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 ENGINEERS LANE
		CITY:			FARMINDALE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11735
		BUSINESS PHONE:		631 756 9116

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 ENGINEERS LANE
		CITY:			FARMINDALE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11735

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-016244.txt : 20161228

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)  

  OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934  

For
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016   

OR  

[  ]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)  

  OF
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934  

Commission
File Number  001-37464  

CEMTREX,
INC.   

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware  
         
      30-0399914   
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
incorporation or organization)  
         
       (I.R.S.
    Employer 
 Identification No.)   

19
Engineers Lane, Farmingdale, New York  11735   

  (Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip code)  

Registrant
telephone number, including area code:  631-756-9116   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   

Title
    of Each Class   
         
       Name
    of Each Exchange on Which Registered    
 
      Common
    Stock, $0.001 par value per share  
         
      NASDQ
CM   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None   

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [  ]
No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes
[  ] No [X]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  

Large
    accelerated filer [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer [  ]   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer [  ]  
      Smaller
    reporting company  [X]    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes [  ]
No [X]  

As
of March 31, 2016, the number of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was 3,517,813 and
the aggregate market value $17,764,956 based on the average bid and asked price of $2.05 on March 31, 2016.  

As
of December 27, 2016, the registrant had 9,919,376 shares of common stock outstanding.  

Documents
Incorporated By Reference   

Information
required by Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to portions of our definitive proxy statement
for our 2016 annual meeting of stockholders which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

Table
of Contents  

CEMTREX,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

INDEX  

Page   

Part I    

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

Item
    1  
       Business   
      3   
 
      Item
    1A  
       Risk Factors   
      7   
 
      Item
    1B  
       Unresolved Staff Comments   
      17   
 
      Item
    2  
       Properties   
      17   
 
      Item
    3  
       Legal Proceedings   
      17   
 
      Item
    4  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      17   

Part II    

Item
    5  
       Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
      18   
 
      Item
    6  
       Selected Financial Data   
      19   
 
      Item
    7  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      19   
 
      Item
    7A  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      23   
 
      Item
    8  
       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
      23   
 
      Item
    9  
       Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
      23   
 
      Item
    9A  
       Controls and Procedures   
      23   
 
      Item
    9B  
       Other Information   
      24   

Part III    

Item
    10  
       Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   
      25   
 
      Item
    11  
       Executive Compensation   
      25   
 
      Item
    12  
       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
      25   
 
      Item
    13  
       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence   
      25   
 
      Item
    14  
       Pricipal Accountatnt Fees and Services   
      25   

Part IV    

Item
    15   
       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules    
      26   

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

Statements
in this report may be  forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
that express our intentions, beliefs, expectations, strategies, predictions or any other statements relating to our future activities
or other future events or conditions. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our
business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and are likely
to, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including
those described above and those risks discussed from time to time in this report, including the risks described under  Risk
Factors  and any risks described in any other filings we make with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements speak only as
of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect
events or circumstances after the date of this report.  

Management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
On an on-going basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those related to useful lives of real estate assets, cost reimbursement
income, bad debts, impairment, net lease intangibles, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. There
can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates.  

Part
I.    

Item
1. BUSINESS   

The
Company was incorporated on April 27, 1998, in the state of Delaware under the name  Diversified American Holdings, Inc. 
The Company subsequently changed its name to  Cemtrex Inc.  on December 16, 2004. Unless the context requires otherwise,
all references to  we ,  our ,  us ,  Company ,  registrant ,  Cemtrex 
or  management  refer to Cemtrex, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Cemtrex is a leading diversified technology company that
operates in a wide array of business segments and provides solutions to meet today s industrial and manufacturing challenges.
The Company provides electronic manufacturing services of advanced electric system assemblies, provides instruments   emission
monitors for industrial processes, and provides industrial air filtration   environmental control systems.  

On
December 15, 2015, we acquired Advanced Industrial Services Inc. (AIS), an installer of high precision equipment in a wide variety
of industrial markets such as automotive, printing and graphics, industrial automation, packaging and chemicals, for a purchase
price of approximately $7.7 million. The purchase price was paid in the form of $5.2 million in cash, $1.5 million in a seller
note and $1.0 million from the issuance of 315,458 shares of our common stock. AIS averaged approximately $23.0 million in annual
revenue during 2013 and 2014. We financed the acquisition by obtaining a $5.25 million self-amortizing, seven-year term loan and
$3.5 million working capital credit line. The loans carry annual interest rates at the 30-day LIBOR rate, plus 2.25% and 2.0%,
respectively. The seller note matures in three years and bears interest at 6% per year (see NOTE 13 BUSINESS COMBINATION).  

On
May 31, 2016, we acquired machinery and equipment, and the electronics manufacturing and logistics businesses of Periscope, GmbH.
These operations deal primarily with major German automotive manufacturers, including Tier 1 suppliers in the industry, as well
as with industries including telecommunications, industrial goods, luxury consumer products, display technology, and other industrial
OEMs. We purchased the assets of Periscope in consideration for $4,902,670 in cash, $717,936 in the form of a seller note and
$3,298,600 in proceeds from the issuance of a related party note (see NOTE 13 BUSINESS COMBINATION).  

Electronics
Manufacturing Services (EMS)   

Cemtrex,
through its Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) segment, provides end to end electronic manufacturing services, which includes
product design and sustaining engineering services, printed circuit board assembly and production, cabling and wire harnessing,
systems integration, comprehensive testing services and completely assembled electronic products.  

Cemtrex s
EMS segment works with industry leading OEMs in their outsourcing of non-core manufacturing services by forming a long term relationship
as an electronics manufacturing partner. We work in close relationships with our customers throughout the entire electronic life
of a product, from design, manufacturing, and distribution. We seek to grow our business through the addition of new, high quality
customers, the expansion of our share of business with existing customers, and participating in the growth of existing customers.  

Using
our manufacturing capabilities, we are able to provide our customers with advanced product assembly and system level integration
combined with test services to meet the highest standards of quality. Through our agile manufacturing environment we can deliver
low and medium volume and mix services to our clients. Additionally we design, develop, and manufacture various interconnects
and cable assemblies that often are sold in conjunction with our PCBAs to enhance our value to our customers. The Company also
provides engineering services from new product introductions and prototyping, related testing equipment, to product redesigns.  

Our
ability to attract and retain new customers comes from our ongoing commitment to understanding our customers  business performance
requirements and our expertise in meeting or exceeding these requirements and enhancing their competitive edge. We work closely
with our customers from an operational and senior executive level in order to achieve a deep understanding of our customer s
goals, challenges, strategies, operations, and products to ultimately build a long lasting successful relationship.  

Industrial
Products   Services (IPS)   

Cemtrex,
through its Industrial Products and Services segment, offers single-source services for in plant equipment erection, relocation,
and maintenance. The segment also sells a complete line of air filtration and environmental control products to a wide variety
of industrial customers worldwide. The segment also manufactures, sells, and services monitoring instruments, software and systems
for measurement of emissions of Greenhouse gases, hazardous gases, particulate and other regulated pollutants used in emissions
trading globally as well as for industrial processes. The Company also markets monitoring and analysis equipment for gas and liquid
measurement for various downstream oil   gas applications as well as various industrial process optimization applications.  

The
Company, under the Griffin Filters brand, provides a complete line of air filtration and environmental control equipment to industries
such as: chemical, cement, steel, food, construction, mining,   petrochemical. This equipment is used to: (i) remove dust,
corrosive fumes, mists, hydrocarbons, volatile organic compounds, submicron particles and particulate from industrial exhausts
and boilers; (ii) clean noxious and acid gases such as sulfur dioxide, hydrogen chloride, hydrogen sulfide, chlorides, and organics
from industrial exhaust stacks prior to discharging to the atmosphere; and (iii) control emissions of coal, dust, sawdust, phosphates,
fly ash, cement, carbon black, soda ash, silica, etc. from construction facilities, mining operations and dryer exhausts.  

The
Company through its AIS subsidiary offers one-source expertise and services for in plant maintenance, equipment erection, relocation,
and disassembly to diversified customers in USA. AIS installs high precision equipment in a wide variety of industrial markets
like automotive, printing   graphics, industrial automation, packaging, and chemicals among others.  

The
Company, under the MIP-Cemtrex brand, manufactures and sells advanced instruments for emissions monitoring, process analysis,
and controls for industrial applications and compliance with environmental regulations. MIP-Cemtrex emission monitoring systems
are installed at the exhaust stacks of industrial facilities and are used to measure the outlet flue gas concentrations of a range
of regulated air pollutants to determine the quality of the air we breathe. Through use of the company s equipment and instrumentation,
Cemtrex clients can monitor the exhausts to the atmosphere from their facilities and comply with Environmental Protection Agency
and state and local emission regulations on dust, particulate, fumes, acid gases and other regulated pollutants into the atmosphere.  

MIP s
Laser Opacity monitor is used to determine opacity or dust concentration in stack gases. Cemtrex also provides direct-extractive
and dilution-extractive CEMS (continuous emissions monitoring solutions) equipment and systems for use with utilities, industrial
boilers, FGD systems, SCR-NOx control, furnaces, gas turbines, process heaters, incinerators in industries such as: chemicals,
pulp and paper, steel, power, coal and petrochemical along with municipalities, state and federal governments. The Company provides
a single source responsibility for design, engineering, assembly, installation and maintenance of systems to its customers. The
Company s products are designed to operate so as to allow its users to determine their compliance with the latest governmental
emissions regulations.  

Cemtrex
also markets a range of crude oil and natural gas analyzers. These products provide real time measurement of various properties
specific to the refining processes of oil and gas. Some of the properties include RON, salt and water content, pH, viscosity,
and other critical parameters that can be used to improve the blending and refining processes. The analyzers are sold by refineries
and similar facilities to optimize the yield of blended and refined product.  

SUPPLIERS  

The
Company is not dependent on, nor expects to become dependent on, any one or a limited number of suppliers. The Company buys parts
and components to assemble and manufacture its equipment and products. The Company also utilizes sub-suppliers and third party
vendors to procure from or fabricate its components based on its design, engineering and specifications. The Company also enters
into subcontracts for field installation, which the Company supervises; and the Company manages all technical, physical and commercial
aspects of the performance of the Company contracts. To date, the Company has not experienced difficulties either in obtaining
fabricated components and other materials and parts or in obtaining qualified subcontractors for installation work.  

PARTS,
REPAIR AND REFURBISHMENT SERVICES  

The
Company also provides replacement and spare parts and repair and refurbishment services for all its systems following the expiration
of the warranties which generally range up to 12 months. The Company has experienced only minimal costs from its warranties.  

The
Company s standard terms of sale disclaim any liability for consequential or indirect losses or damages stemming from any
failure of its products or systems or any component thereof. The Company seeks indemnification from its subcontractors for any
loss, damage or claim arising from the subcontractors  failure to perform.  

COMPETITION  

The
Company faces substantial competition in each of its principal markets. Most of its competitors are larger and have greater financial
resources than the Company; several are divisions of multi-national companies. The Company competes on the basis of price, engineering
and technological expertise, know-how and the quality of its products, systems and services. Additionally, the Company s
management believes that the successful delivery, installation and performance of the Company s products and systems is
a key factor in gaining business as customers typically prefer to make significant purchases from a company with a solid performance
history.  

The
Company obtains virtually all its contracts through competitive bidding. Although price is an important factor and may in some
cases be the governing factor, it is not always determinative, and contracts are often awarded on the basis of the efficiency
or reliability of products and the engineering and technical expertise of the bidder. Several companies market products that compete
directly with Company s products. Other companies offer products that potential customers may consider to be acceptable
alternatives to Company s products and services. The Company faces direct competition from companies with far greater financial,
technological, manufacturing and personnel resources.  

INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY  

Over
the years, the Company has developed proprietary technologies that give it an edge in competing with its competitors. Thus, the
Company relies on a combination of trade secrets and know-how to protect its intellectual property.  

MARKETING  

The
Company sells its products globally and relies on direct sales force, manufacturing representatives, distributors, commission
sales agents, magazine advertisements, internet advertising, trade shows, trade directories and catalogue listings to market its
products and services. The Company uses independent sales representatives in the United States backed by its sales management
and technical professionals. The Company s arrangements with independent sales representatives accord each a defined territory
within which to sell some or all of its products and systems, provide for the payment of agreed-upon sales commissions and are
terminable at will. The Company s sales representatives do not have authority to execute contracts on the Company s
behalf.  

The
Company s sales representatives also serve as ongoing liaison function between Company and its customers during the installation
phase of the products and systems and address customers  questions or concerns arising thereafter. The Company selects representatives
based upon industry reputation, prior sales performance including number of prospective leads generated and sales closure rates,
and the breadth of territorial coverage, among other criteria.  

Technical
inquiries received from potential customers are referred to the engineering personnel. Thereafter, the Company s sales and
engineering personnel jointly prepare a budget proposal, or a final bid. The period between initial customer contact and issuance
of an order is generally between two and twelve months.  

CUSTOMERS  

The
Company s principal customers are engaged in automotive, medical, industrial automation, refining, power, chemical, packaging,
printing, electronics, mining, and metallurgical processing. Historically, most of the customers have purchased individual products
or systems which, in many instances, operate in conjunction with products and systems supplied by others. For several years, the
Company has marketed its products as integrated custom engineered systems and solutions. No one single customer accounts for more
than 10% of its annual sales.  

For
the IPS segment, the Company is responsible to its customers for all phases of the design, assembly, supply and, if included,
field installation of its products and systems. The successful completion of a project is generally determined by a successful
operational test of the supplied equipment conducted by our field service technician in the presence of the customer.  

For
the EMS segment, the company is responsible for the prototype design, production, supply, and delivery of products to its customers.
In order to satisfy customer orders, the Company must consistently meet production deadlines and maintain a high standard of quality.  

INSURANCE  

The
Company currently maintains different types of insurance, including general liability and property coverage. The Company also
maintains product liability insurance with respect to its products and equipment. Management believes that the insurance coverage
that it has is adequate for its current business needs.  

EMPLOYEES  

The
Company employs approximately 577 full-time people as of December 13, 2016, including 57 engaged in engineering, 335 in manufacturing
and 185 in administrative and marketing functions.  

GOVERNMENT
REGULATION  

The
Company s operations are subject to certain foreign, federal, state and local regulatory requirements relating to, among
others, environmental, waste management, labor and health and safety matters. Management believes that the Company s business
is operated in material compliance with all such regulations.  

Management
believes that the existence of governmental regulations creates demand for Company s emission monitoring equipment and environmental
control systems. Significant environmental laws, particularly the Federal Clean Air Act, have been enacted in response to public
concern about the environment. The Company believes that compliance with and enforcement of these laws and regulations create
the demand for its environmental control related products and systems. The Federal Clean Air Act, initially adopted in 1970 and
extensively amended in 1990, requires compliance with ambient air quality standards and empowers the EPA to establish and enforce
limits on the emission of various pollutants from specific types of industrial facilities. States have primary responsibility
for implementing these standards, and, in some cases, have adopted more stringent standards.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below,
together with all of the other information in this report, including the consolidated audited financial statements and the related
notes appearing at the end of this annual report on Form 10-K, with respect to any investment in shares of our common stock. If
any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects would
likely be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose
all or part of your investment. These statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as of the date of this report
(unless another date is indicated) and we undertake no obligation to update or revise the statements in light of future development.  

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS   

There
is no guarantee that cash flow from operations and/or debt and equity financings will provide sufficient capital to meet our expansion
goals and working capital needs.    

Our
current strategic plan includes the expansion of our company both organically and through acquisitions if market conditions and
competitive conditions allow. Due to the long-term nature of investments in acquisitions and other financial needs to support
organic growth, including working capital, we expect our long-term and working capital needs to periodically exceed the short-term
fluctuations in cash flow from operations. We anticipate that we will likely raise additional external capital from the sale of
common stock, preferred stock and debt instruments as market conditions may allow, in addition to cash flow from operations (which
may not always be sufficient), to fund our growth and working capital needs. In December 2016, we commenced a subscription rights
offering to our stockholders to raise up to $15.0 million through the sale of units, each consisting of one share of our series
1 preferred stock, paying cumulative dividends at the rate of 10% of the purchase price per year, and two five-year series 1 warrants,
upon the exercise of subscription rights at $10.00 per unit. The rights offering extends through January 2017 and may be extended
thereafter. No assurance can be given that the rights offering will result in significant funds for us. We are subject to uncertain
and ever-changing debt and equity capital market conditions over which we have no control. The magnitude and the timing of the
funds that we need to raise from external sources also cannot be easily predicted.  

In
the event that we need to raise significant amounts of external capital at any time or over an extended period, we face a risk
that we may need to do so under adverse capital market conditions with the result that persons who acquire our common stock may
incur significant and immediate dilution should we raise capital from the sale of our common or preferred stock. Similarly, we
may need to meet our external capital needs from the sale of secured or unsecured debt instruments at interest rates and with
such other debt covenants and conditions as the market then requires. In all of these transactions we anticipate that we will
likely need to raise significant amounts of additional external capital to support our growth. However, there can be no guarantee
that we will be able to raise external capital on terms that are reasonable in light of current market conditions. In the event
that we are not able to do so, those who acquire our common stock may face significant and immediate dilution and other adverse
consequences. Further, debt covenants contained in debt instruments that we issue may limit our financial and operating flexibility
with consequent adverse impact on our common stock market price.  

We
are substantially dependent upon the success and continued market acceptance of our technology and a favorable regulatory environment;
the absence of which may significantly reduce our sales, profits and cash flow and adversely impact our financial condition.    

The
failure of the emissions monitoring and controls market to develop as we anticipate and any lack of acceptance of our emissions
monitoring and control equipment technology would adversely affect our environmental control products business. In this respect,
we may find that other competing technologies may be offered by other existing competitors or by those that enter the market and
these competing technologies may offer a better cost-benefit ratio than our products and/or at lower prices with the result that
our sales, profits, and cash flow may suffer significantly over an extended period with serious adverse impact on our financial
condition.  

We
have substantial debt which could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund operations and prevent us from
meeting our obligations under outstanding indebtedness.    

As
of September 30, 2016, our total indebtedness was approximately $24.2 million, including a revolving line of credit of $3.5 million,
convertible notes payable of $3.7 million, non-convertible notes payable of $1.4 million, related party notes payable of $3.6
million, bank loans of $8.0 million and mortgage of $4.0 million. Approximately $7.9 million of such debt is classified as current
and approximately $3.7 million of such debt is convertible into shares of our common stock. This substantial debt could have important
consequences, including the following: (i) a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations may be dedicated to the payment
of principal and interest on indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available for operations, future business opportunities
and capital expenditures; (ii) our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, debt service requirements and general
corporate purposes in the future may be limited; (iii) we may face a competitive disadvantage to lesser leveraged competitors;
(iv) our debt service requirements could make it more difficult to satisfy other financial obligations; and (v) we may be vulnerable
in a downturn in general economic conditions or in our business and we may be unable to carry out activities that are important
to our growth.  

Our
ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, or to pay interest on, or to refinance indebtedness depends on and is
subject to our financial and operating performance, which in turn is affected by general and regional economic, financial, competitive,
business and other factors beyond management s control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to service our
debt or to fund our other liquidity needs, we will need to restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt, which could
impair our liquidity. Any refinancing of indebtedness, if available at all, could be at higher interest rates and may require
us to comply with more onerous covenants that could further restrict our business operations. Despite our significant amount of
indebtedness, we may be able to incur significant additional amounts of debt, which could further exacerbate the risks associated
with our substantial debt.  

We
have outstanding convertible notes with fluctuating conversion rates that are set at a discount to market prices of our common
stock during the period immediately preceding conversion, which may result in material dilution to our common stockholders.     

As
of September 30, 2016, we had outstanding unsecured convertible notes issued to a number of unrelated third parties in the aggregate
principal amount of approximately $3.7 million. Of these unsecured convertible notes, $373,000 under two notes are convertible
into shares of our common stock at a price per share equal to 75% of the average closing bid prices of our common stock for the
ten days preceding the conversion date (the  75% Notes ), while approximately $1.3 million under three notes are convertible
into shares of our common stock at a price per share equal to 80% of the average closing bid prices of our common stock for the
ten days preceding the conversion date (the  80% Notes ). This could result in material dilution to existing stockholders
of our company. The number of shares of common stock into which the notes may be converted may increase without an upper bound
as a consequence of the fluctuating conversion rate that is 75% or 80% of the weighted average market price at the time of conversion.
By way of illustration, the following table sets forth the dilutive impact of conversion of the unsecured convertible notes, assuming
that the average closing bid price of our common stock for the ten days preceding the conversion is equal to $5.00, $4.00, $3.00
and $2.00 per share:  

Additionally,
we have outstanding convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of $2,110,000 with fixed conversion prices ranging from
$5.00 to $6.50 per share. Approximately 373,300 shares of our common stock are issuable pursuant to these notes at the election
of the holder.  

Our
ability to secure and maintain sufficient credit arrangements is key to our continued operations and there is no assurance we
will be able to obtain sufficient additional equity or debt financing in the future.    

There
is no assurance that we will be able to retain or renew our credit agreements and other finance agreements in the future. In the
event the business grows rapidly, the uncertain economic climate continues or we acquire one or more other companies, additional
financing resources will likely be necessary in the current or future fiscal years. As a small company with a limited ability
to attract and obtain financing, there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain sufficient additional equity or debt financing
in the future on terms that are reasonable in light of current market conditions.  

Our
sales and gross margins depend significantly on market demand for our products, as to which there can be no assurances.    

The
uncertainty in the U.S. and international economic and political environment could result in a decline in demand for our products
in any industry. Our gross margins are dependent upon our ability to maintain sales volumes at levels that allow us to cover our
fixed costs and variable costs per unit. To the extent that one or more product lines experience a significant and protracted
decline in sales volume, we may experience significant declines in our gross margins that may result in losses. Further, any adverse
changes in tax rates and laws affecting our customers could result in decreases in demand of our products and thus decrease our
gross margins. Any of these factors could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.  

Many
of our existing and future customers do not commit to firm production schedules, which may result in higher fixed costs per unit
for us relative to our competitors.    

Most
of our customers do not commit to long-term production schedules, which makes it difficult to schedule production and achieve
maximum efficiency at our manufacturing facilities and to manage inventory levels. As a result, our fixed costs per unit may be
higher than our competitors who are able to achieve greater economies with longer production runs at lower costs per unit and,
at the same time, achieve lower manufacturing costs as a result and as a result of better manufacturing scheduling.  

The
    volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to:   

customers 
    attempts to manage their inventory;   

variation
    in demand for the company s customers  products design changes; or   

acquisitions
    of or consolidation among customers.   

Many
of our existing and future customers do not commit to firm production schedules. As a result, we are unable to forecast the level
of customer orders with any precision. This means that it is very difficult for us to schedule production and maximize utilization
of manufacturing capacity and manage inventory levels. This may adversely impact our unit manufacturing costs so that our unit
manufacturing costs may be higher than our competitors  costs.  

In
these circumstances we anticipate that we could be required to increase or decrease staffing and more closely manage other expenses
in order to meet the anticipated demand of our existing and future customers. Orders from our customers are subject to cancellation
and delivery schedules fluctuate as a result of changes in our customers  demand, thereby adversely affecting our results
of operations, and may result in higher inventory levels. Higher inventory levels cause us to obtain greater external financing
which adversely affects our financial performance.  

Our
products could face serious competitive challenges, including rapid technological changes, and pricing pressure from competitors,
which could adversely affect our business.    

In
the event that one or more of our product lines become the subject of significant pressures from our existing and future competitors,
market conditions, technological change, or any combination thereof, our sales revenues and our gross margins may suffer protracted
and serious declines with the result that we will likely incur protracted losses thereby. Further, the barriers to entry in several
of our lines of business are not so significant that we may be facing competition from others who see significant opportunities
to enter the market and undercut our prices with products that possess superior technological attributes at prices that offer
our customers a better value. In this instance we could incur protracted and significant losses and persons who acquire our common
stock would suffer losses thereby.  

Factors
affecting the industries that utilize our customers  products could negatively impact our customers and us.    

We
have no real control over these factors and to the extent that any one or more of them change dramatically, we may be facing significant
financial challenges that are in excess of our abilities. These factors include:  

increased
    competition among our customers and their competitors;   

the
    inability of our customers to develop and market their products;   

recessionary
    periods in our customers  markets;   

the
    potential that our customers  products become obsolete;   

our
    customers  inability to react to rapidly changing technology;   

our
    customers  inability to pay for our products, which could, in turn, affect the company s results of operations.   

If
we are unable to develop new products, our competitors may develop and market products with better features that may reduce demand
for our potential products or otherwise result in our products becoming obsolete and could materially and adversely affect our
ability to sustain profitability.    

There
are many larger competitors who compete directly with us and who have significantly greater technological and research resources.
These larger competitors have greater technological and research abilities that put us at a severe disadvantage. This may serve
to severely damage our reputation and our ability to market and sell other products at price levels that would allow us to achieve
and maintain profit margins and positive cash flow.  

We
are a small company and we face rapid technological change in many of our product markets and we may not be able to introduce
any new products or any enhancements to our existing products on a timely basis, or at all. This could result in prolonged and
significant losses. In addition, our introduction of any new products could adversely affect the sales of certain of our existing
products if new products cannibalize sales of our existing products. If our competitors develop innovative technologies that are
superior to our products or if we fail to accurately anticipate market trends and respond on a timely basis with our own innovations,
we may not achieve sufficient growth in its revenues to attain profitability or if we do, we may not be able sustain profitability.  

We
have grown through acquisitions and are continuously looking to fund such acquisitions; our failure to raise funds will have the
effect of slowing down our growth.     

We
recently completed the acquisitions of Advanced Industrial Services Inc., an installer of high precision equipment, and Periscope,
GmbH, an electronics manufacturing company. We need to raise funds to finance acquisitions and support the working capital requirements
of the acquired companies. A portion of the expected net proceeds from our pending $15.0 million subscription rights offering
is intended to be used to fund our acquisition growth plan. Through this rights offering, which was commenced in December 2016
and extends through January 2017 and may be extended thereafter, and any subsequent financing transactions. There is substantial
risk that we will only be able to raise funds that would cause substantial dilution to the existing stockholders or at terms that
may be very expensive. In the past, we have raised funds from related party loans and there can be no assurance that such related
party loans will be available to us in the future. Further, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to raise funds in sufficient
amounts in the future and on terms that are reasonable in light of our current circumstances. Persons who acquire our common stock
may suffer immediate and substantial dilution and, in other instances, the total loss of their investment if we are not able to
raise sufficient funds on reasonable terms. In the event that we are unable to raise funds in sufficient amounts and on reasonable
terms, we may not be able to complete any further acquisitions and provide working capital for the completed acquisitions.  

We
could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from international operations.     

Operating
in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to regulatory, economic and
political risks that may be different from and incremental to those in the United States. In addition to the risks that we face
in the United States, our international operations may involve risks that could adversely affect our business, including:  

the
    need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences, including licensing a certain
    portion of our content library before we have developed a full appreciation for its performance within a given territory;

difficulties
    and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations;    

management
    distraction;    

political
    or social unrest and economic instability;    

compliance
    with United States laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, export controls and economic sanctions, and local laws
    prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials;    

unexpected
    changes in regulatory requirements;   

less
    favorable foreign intellectual property laws;   

adverse
    tax consequences such as those related to repatriation of cash from foreign jurisdictions into the United States, non-income
    related taxes such as value-added tax or other indirect taxes, changes in tax laws or their interpretations, or the application
    of judgment in determining our global provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities given inter-company transactions
    and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain;   

fluctuations
    in currency exchange rates, which could impact revenues and expenses of our international operations and expose us to foreign
    currency exchange rate risk;   

profit
    repatriation and other restrictions on the transfer of funds;   

differing
    payment processing systems as well as consumer use and acceptance of electronic payment methods, such as payment cards;   

new
    and different sources of competition;    

different
    and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws; and   

availability
    of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for expansion.    

Our
failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and results
of our operations.  

Even
though we achieved a profit for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, we cannot assure you that we will remain profitable
and maintain a positive cash flow or, if we are profitable and have a positive cash flow, that we can sustain operations that
are profitable and have a positive cash flow in the future.    

We
continue to incur significant expenditures related to selling and marketing and general and administrative activities as well
as capital expenditures and anticipate that our expenses may increase in the foreseeable future as we expand our business. Further,
as a public company we continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we would not incur as a private
company. To maintain profitability, we will need to generate significant additional revenues with significantly improved gross
margins. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain profitability with our existing revenues and in the future
generate such additional revenues, improve our gross margins, or both of them and maintain and sustain our profitability or a
positive cash flow.  

We
face constant changes in governmental standards by which our environmental control products are evaluated and we have no control
over these standards.    

We
have no ability to predict the extent to which governmental standards and regulations will favor or disfavor our products, our
technology, or the business strategies that we have or will implement in the future. There is a distinct risk that we may face
governmental standards and regulations that seriously undercut our fundamental assumptions regarding existing trends in regulation
and technology and assumptions regarding the type of technology to use. To the extent that we are not able to accurately predict
these trends and effectively utilize these predictions in our business strategy, we may suffer protracted losses with the result
that persons who acquire our common stock will suffer losses thereby.  

We
believe that, due to the constant focus on the environment and clean air standards throughout the world, a requirement in the
future to adhere to new and more stringent regulations both domestically and abroad is possible as governmental agencies seek
to improve standards required for certification of products intended to promote clean air. In the event our products fail to meet
these ever-changing standards, some or all of our emission monitoring and environmental control products may become obsolete.  

The
future growth of our environmental control business depends, in part, on enforcement of existing emissions-related environmental
regulations and further tightening of emission standards worldwide with regulations that allow our products to compete effectively
against our competitors.    

We
expect that the future environmental control products business growth will likely be driven, in part, by the enforcement of existing
emissions-related environmental regulations and tightening of emissions standards worldwide. If such standards do not continue
to become stricter or are loosened or are not enforced by governmental authorities or if such standards require the use of technologies
that we do not possess or are not able to develop, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
financial condition and long-term prospects.  

We
may incur substantial costs enforcing our proprietary information, defending against third-party patents, invalidating third-party
patents or licensing third-party intellectual property, as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to intellectual
property rights.    

We
have undertaken only a limited evaluation of our intellectual property rights and we may discover that one or more of our intellectual
property rights infringe upon the patents or rights of others with the result that we may incur significant losses thereby. In
that event, any person who acquires our common stock may suffer losses thereby.  

While
we believe that our technology and procedures are likely proprietary, we cannot assure you that others have not or will not replicate
our technology and procedures and achieve greater efficiencies and success at our expense.    

In
that event, we could suffer serious and protracted losses and negative cash flow thereby, our strategy has been to rely on our
flexibility to develop custom engineered solutions for various applications and be responsive to customer needs. We cannot assure
you that this strategy is or will remain effective to meet these challenges.  

We
may not have sufficient financial resources to defend our intellectual property rights or otherwise successfully defend against
claims that we have infringed on a third party s intellectual property and, as a result, it may adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations.    

Even
if such claims are not valid, they could subject us to significant costs. In addition, it may be necessary in the future to enforce
our intellectual property rights to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation may also
be necessary to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity by others. We may not have sufficient financial resources
to defend our intellectual property rights or otherwise to successfully defend the company against valid or spurious claims that
we have infringed upon the intellectual property rights of others.  

An
adverse outcome in litigation or any similar proceedings could force us to take actions that could harm its business. These include:
(i) ceasing to sell products that contain allegedly infringing property; (ii) obtaining licenses to the relevant intellectual
property which we may not be able to obtain on terms that are acceptable, or at all; (iii) indemnifying certain customers or strategic
partners if it is determined that we have infringed upon or misappropriated another party s intellectual property; and (iv)
redesigning products that embody allegedly infringing intellectual property. Any of these results could adversely and significantly
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the cost of defending or asserting any intellectual
property claim, both in legal fees and expenses, and the diversion of management resources, regardless of whether the claim is
valid, could be significant and lead to significant and protracted losses.  

We
may not have sufficient funds to defend a class action suit from a customer as a result of our installed base of products.    

Our
products are installed at large industrial plants where products of other manufacturers and suppliers are also installed. We could
be subject to a class action lawsuit from a customer as a result of loss sustained by a customer due to malfunction of another
manufacturer s product. We may not have sufficient financial resources to successfully defend such a lawsuit.  

Product
defects could cause us to incur significant product liability, warranty and repair and support costs and damage our reputation
which would have a material adverse effect on our business.    

Although
we test our products, defects may be discovered in future or existing products. These defects could cause us to incur significant
warranty, support and repair costs and divert the attention of research and development personnel. It could also significantly
damage our reputation and relationship with distributors and customers which would adversely affect our business. In addition,
such defects could result in personal injury or financial or other damages to customers who may seek damages with respect to such
losses. A product liability claim against us, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time consuming and costly to defend. We carry
some product liability insurance but we cannot assure you that the amount of coverage that we carry is sufficient to insulate
us from these claims. In the event of any claim asserting product defects, we will be directly exposed to liability for claims
in excess of our coverage limits and there is a clear risk that we and our stockholders could suffer significant and protracted
losses thereby.  

The
markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and many of our competitors have significantly greater financial and managerial
resources than we do.    

There
is significant competition among companies that provide emissions monitoring and environmental control systems. Several companies
market products that compete directly with our products. Other companies offer products that potential customers may consider
to be acceptable alternatives to our products and services. We face direct competition from companies with far greater financial,
technological, manufacturing and personnel resources.  

Our
results may fluctuate due to certain regulatory, marketing and competitive factors over which we have little or no control.    

The
factors listed below, some of which we cannot control, may cause our revenue and results of operations to fluctuate significantly:  

The
    existence and enforcement of government environmental regulations. If these regulations are not maintained or enforced then
    the market for the company s products could deteriorate;   

Retaining
    and keeping qualified employees and management personnel;   

Ability
    to upgrade our products to keep up with the changing market place requirements;   

Ability
    to keep up with our competitors who have much higher resources than us;   

Ability
    to find sub-suppliers and sub-contractors to assemble and install our products;   

General
    economic conditions of the industry and the ability of potential customers to spend money on setting up new industries that
    require our products;   

Ability
    to maintain or raise adequate working capital required for the operations and future growth; and   

Ability
    to retain our Chief Executive Officer and other senior key personnel.   

The
loss of the services of Aron Govil and Saagar Govil for any reason would materially and adversely affect our business operations
and prospects.     

Our
financial success is dependent to a significant degree upon the efforts of Aron Govil, our Executive Director, and Saagar Govil,
our President and Chief Executive Officer. Aron Govil, who previously served as our Chairman of the Board, has knowledge regarding
environmental control systems and has financial resources and business contacts that would be extremely difficult to replace.
Saagar Govil possesses engineering, sales and marketing experience concerning our company that our other officers do not have.
We have not entered into employment arrangements with them. There can be no assurance that Aron Govil and Saagar Govil will continue
to provide services to us. While Saagar Govil devotes all of his working time to our company, Aron Govil devotes an average of
20 hours per week to our company and the balance of his working time is devoted to other business and investment activities. A
voluntary or involuntary departure by Aron Govil and/or Saagar Govil could have a materially adverse effect on our business operations
if we were not able to attract a qualified replacement for them in a timely manner.  

We
have a small management team. The loss of any member of our senior management and any significant failure to attract and retain
qualified personnel in a competitive labor market could limit our ability to execute our growth strategy, resulting in a slower
rate of growth or a period of losses and/or negative cash flow.    

We
depend on the continued service of our senior management. Due to the nature of our business, we may have difficulty locating and
hiring qualified personnel and retaining such personnel once hired. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, or our
failure to attract and retain other qualified and experienced personnel on acceptable terms, could limit our ability to execute
our growth strategy resulting in a slower rate of growth.  

We
are an  emerging growth company  and our election to delay adoption of new or revised accounting standards applicable
to public companies may result in our consolidated financial statements not being comparable to those of some other public companies.
As a result of this and other reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our securities may be less
attractive to investors.     

As
a company with less than $1.0 billion in revenue during our last completed fiscal year, we qualify as an  emerging growth
company  under the JOBS Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of specified reduced reporting requirements that
are otherwise generally applicable to public companies. In particular, as an emerging growth company we:  

are
    not required to obtain an attestation and report from our auditors on our management s assessment of our internal control
    over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;    

are
    not required to provide a detailed narrative disclosure discussing our compensation principles, objectives and elements and
    analyzing how those elements fit with our principles and objectives;    

are
    not required to obtain a non-binding advisory vote from our stockholders on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements;

are
    exempt from certain executive compensation disclosure provisions requiring a pay-for-performance graph and Chief Executive
    Officer pay ratio disclosure;    

may
    present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion and Analysis
    of Financial Condition and Results of Operations;    

are
    eligible to claim longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under  107
    of the JOBS Act; and    

will
    not be required to conduct an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting for two years.    

We
intend to take advantage of all of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions, including the longer phase-in periods
for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under  107 of the JOBS Act. Our election to use the phase-in
periods may make it difficult to compare our consolidated financial statements to those of non-emerging growth companies and other
emerging growth companies that have opted out of the phase-in periods under  107 of the JOBS Act.  

Certain
of these reduced reporting requirements and exemptions were already available to us due to the fact that we also qualify as a
 smaller reporting company  under SEC rules. For instance, smaller reporting companies are not required to obtain
an auditor attestation and report regarding management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting, are not
required to provide a compensation discussion and analysis, are not required to provide a pay-for-performance graph or CEO pay
ratio disclosure, and may present only two years of audited financial statements and related Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosure.  

Under
the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of the above-described reduced reporting requirements and exemptions for up to five years
after our initial sale of common equity pursuant to a registration statement declared effective under the Securities Act, or such
earlier time that we no longer meet the definition of an emerging growth company. In this regard, the JOBS Act provides that we
would cease to be an  emerging growth company  if we have more than $1.0 billion in annual revenues, have more than
$700 million in market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than $1.0 billion in principal amount of
non-convertible debt over a three-year period. Under current SEC rules, however, we will continue to qualify as a  smaller
reporting company  for so long as we have a public float ( i.e. , the market value of common equity held by non-affiliates)
of less than $75 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter.  

We
cannot predict if investors will find our securities less attractive due to our reliance on these exemptions. If investors were
to find our securities less attractive as a result of our election, we may have difficulty raising all of the proceeds we seek
in this offering.  

Sales
of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market could depress the market price of our common stock.    

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market. If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public
market, including the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Series 1 Warrants, shares issued in acquisitions,
and shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options, or the market perceives that such sales may occur, the market
price of our common stock could fall and we may be unable to sell our common stock in the future.  

Our
common stock may experience extreme price and volume fluctuations, which could lead to costly litigation for us and make an investment
in us less appealing.    

The
    market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, including:   

our
    business strategy and plans;   

changing
    factors related to doing business in various jurisdictions within the United States;   

new
    regulatory pronouncements and changes in regulatory guidelines and timing of regulatory approvals;   

general
    and industry-specific economic conditions;   

additions
    to or departures of our key personnel;   

variations
    in our quarterly financial and operating results;   

changes
    in market valuations of other companies that operate in our business segments or in our industry;   

lack
    of adequate trading liquidity;   

announcements
    about our business partners;   

changes
    in accounting principles; and   

general
    market conditions.   

The
market prices of the securities of early-stage companies, particularly companies like ours without consistent product revenues
and earnings, have been highly volatile and are likely to remain highly volatile in the future. This volatility has often been
unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. In the past, companies that experience volatility in the market
price of their securities have often faced securities class action litigation. Whether or not meritorious, litigation brought
against us could result in substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources and harm our financial condition
and results of operations.  

RISKS
RELATED TO INVESTMENT IN THE COMMON STOCK OF THE COMPANY   

The
Company s Common Stock currently trades on the NASDAQ under the symbol  CETX . There can be no assurance that
the Company s shares will continue to trade on NASDAQ in the future, and there can be no assurance that an active trading
market will develop or be sustained. The market price of the shares of Common Stock is likely to be highly volatile and may be
significantly affected by factors such as actual or anticipated fluctuations in the Company s operating results, announcements
of technological innovations, new products or new contracts by the Company or its competitors, developments with respect to proprietary
rights, adoption of new government regulations affecting the environment, general market conditions and other factors. In addition,
the stock market has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the
market price for the common stocks of technology companies. These types of broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the
market price of the Company s common stock.  

Our
common stock has from time to time been  thinly-traded.      

The
number of persons interested in purchasing our common stock at or near ask prices at any given time may be relatively small or
non-existent. Therefore, stockholders may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if they need to sell shares to raise
money or otherwise desire to liquidate their shares. Our  thinly-traded  stock is attributable to a number of factors,
including the fact that we are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors
and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such
persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend
the purchase of our shares until such time as we become more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several
days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large
and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We
cannot give stockholders any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common shares will develop
or be sustained, or that current trading levels will be sustained.  

We
do not anticipate paying any dividends.     

No
dividends have been paid on the common stock of the Company. The Company does not intend to pay cash dividends on its common stock
in the foreseeable future, and anticipates that profits, if any, received from operations will be devoted to the Company s
future operations. Any decision to pay dividends will depend upon the Company s profitability at the time, cash available
and other relevant factors.  

Our
principal shareholder has significant influence over our Company which could make it impossible for the public stockholders to
influence the affairs of the Company.     

We
are a  Controlled Company  under exchange listing rules. Approximately 50.0% of our outstanding voting equity is beneficially
held by combination of Aron Govil, the Company s former Chairman of the Board, and Saagar Govil the Company s CEO,
as a result of this common stock ownership and the Series A preferred stock ownership by Mr. Aron Govil, the Company s management
controls and will control in the future, substantially all matters requiring approval by the stockholders of the Company, including
the election of all directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This makes it impossible for the public stockholders
to influence the affairs of the Company.  

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

None.  

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES   

The
Company has the following properties:  

Our
IPS segment leases (i) approx. 5,000 sq. ft. of office and warehouse space in Liverpool, New York from a third party in a five
year lease at a monthly rent of $2,200 expiring on March 31, 2018, (ii) approximately 2000 square feet of office on a month to
month rental from a third party in Hong Kong at a monthly rental of $4,133.00, (iii) approximately 1500 square feet of office
on a month to month rental from a third party in Navi Mumbai, India at a monthly rental of $600.00, (iv) approximately 25,000
sq. ft. of warehouse space in Manchester, PA from a third party in a seven year lease at a monthly rent of $7,300 expiring on
December 13, 2020, (v) approximately 43,000 sq. ft. of office and warehouse space in York, PA from a third party in a ten year
lease at a monthly rent of $22,625 expiring on March 23, 2026, (vi) approximately 15,500 sq. ft. of warehouse space in Emigsville,
PA from a third party in a one year lease at a monthly rent of $4,337 expiring on August 31, 2016, and (vii) the Company leases
its principal office at Farmingdale, New York, 4,000 square feet of office and warehouse/shop space in a single story commercial
structure on a month to month lease from Ducon Technologies Inc., a company controlled by Aron Govil, Executive Director of the
Company, at a monthly rental of $4,000.  

Our
EMS segment owns a 70,000 sq. ft. manufacturing building in Neulingen, Germany which has a 17 year 3.00% interest mortgage with
monthly mortgage payments of  25,000, through March 2031. The EMS segment also leases (i) a 10,000 sq. ft. manufacturing
facility in Sibiu, Romania from a third party in a ten year lease at a monthly rent of  8,000 expiring on May 31, 2019, (ii)
approximately 100,000 sq. ft. of office, warehouse and manufacturing space in Paderborn, Germany at monthly rental of  54,100
which expires on March 31, 2017, (iii) approximately 50,000 sq. ft. of office, warehouse space in Paderborn, Germany at a monthly
rental of  27,050 which expires on March 31, 2017.  

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

None.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not
applicable.  

PART
II   

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

The
Company s Common Stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Capital Markets under the symbol  CETX .  

As
of December 27, 2016, there were approximately 1,800 holders of record of the Company s common stock as determined
from the Company s transfer agent s list. Such list also includes beneficial owners of securities whose shares are
held in the names of various dealers and clearing agencies .   

The
Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share. On December 27, 2016, there
were 9,919,376 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and 1,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock issued or
outstanding.  

In
April 2015 the Company effected a 1-for-6 reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock.  

On
June 25, 2015 the Company s common stock commenced trading on the NASDAQ Capital Markets under the symbol  CETX .
Prior to June 25, 2015 the Company s Common Stock traded on the over-the-counter bulletin board trading system. The price
ranges presented below represent the highest and lowest quoted bid prices during the calendar quarters for 2014, 2015 and 2016
reported by the exchange and converted based on the one-for-six reverse stock split. The quotes represent prices between dealers
and do not reflect mark-ups, markdowns or commissions and therefore may not necessarily represent actual transactions.  

As
reported by NASDAQ Capital Markets, on December 27, 2016 the closing sales price of the Company s Common Stock was
$6.42 per share.  

Dividend
Policy   

The
Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends on its common stock nor does it anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future.
Furthermore, the Company expects to retain any future earnings to finance its operations and expansion. The payment of cash dividends
in the future will be at the discretion of its Board of Directors and will depend upon its earnings levels, capital requirements,
any restrictive loan covenants and other factors the Board considers relevant.  

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

Not
required for Smaller Reporting Companies  

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Except
for historical information contained in this report, the matters discussed are forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. When used in this report, words such as  anticipates ,  believes ,  could ,
 estimates ,  expects ,  may ,  plans ,  potential  and  intends 
and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of the Company s management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently
available to the Company s management. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are the following:
the effect of business and economic conditions; the impact of competitive products and their pricing; unexpected manufacturing
or supplier problems; the Company s ability to maintain sufficient credit arrangements; changes in governmental standards
by which our environmental control products are evaluated and the risk factors reported from time to time in the Company s
SEC reports, including its recent report on Form 10-K. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements
as a result of future events or developments.   

Overview   

The
Company was incorporated on April 27, 1998, in the state of Delaware under the name  Diversified American Holdings, Inc. 
The Company subsequently changed its name to  Cemtrex Inc.  on December 16, 2004. Unless the context requires otherwise,
all references to  we ,  our ,  us ,  Company ,  registrant ,  Cemtrex 
or  management  refer to Cemtrex, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Cemtrex is a leading diversified technology company that
operates in a wide array of business segments and provides solutions to meet today s industrial and manufacturing challenges.
The Company provides manufacturing services of advanced electronic system assemblies, provides broad-based industrial services,
instruments   emission monitors for industrial processes, and provides industrial air filtration   environmental control
systems.  

Through
our Electronics Manufacturing Services ( EMS ) segment, we provide end to end electronic manufacturing services, which
include product design and sustaining engineering services, printed circuit board assembly and production, cabling and wire harnessing,
systems integration, comprehensive testing services and completely assembled electronic products. Our EMS segment offers fully
integrated contract manufacturing services to global original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and technology companies that operate
primarily in the medical, industrial, automation, automotive, and renewable markets.  

Through
our Industrial Products and Services ( IPS ) segment, we provide a complete line of air filtration and environmental
control products to a wide variety of industrial and manufacturing industries worldwide. The segment also manufactures, sells,
and services monitoring instruments, software and systems for measurement of emissions of Greenhouse gases, hazardous gases, particulate
and other regulated pollutants used in emissions trading globally as well as for industrial processes. We also market monitoring
and analysis equipment for gas and liquid measurement for various downstream oil   gas applications as well as various industrial
process applications. In addition we, through our newly acquired business,  offer one-source
expertise and capabilities in plant and equipment erection, relocation, and disassembly in a wide variety of industrial markets
like automotive, printing   graphics, industrial automation, packaging, and chemicals among others.   

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   

The
following discussion and analysis is based upon our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of our financial statements requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses, and assets and liabilities
during the periods reported. Estimates are used when accounting for certain items such as revenues, allowances for returns, early
payment discounts, customer discounts, doubtful accounts, employee compensation programs, depreciation and amortization periods,
taxes, inventory values, and valuations of investments, goodwill, other intangible assets and long-lived assets. We base our estimates
on historical experience, where applicable and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual
results may differ from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the following critical accounting
policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements.  

We
maintain allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required
payments. We base our estimates on the aging of our accounts receivable balances and our historical write-off experience, net
of recoveries.  

We
value our inventories at the lower of cost or market. We write down inventory balances for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable
inventory equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about
future demand and market conditions.  

Goodwill
is reviewed for possible impairment at least annually or more frequently upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances
indicate that the Company s carrying amount is greater than the fair value. In accordance with SFAS 142, the Company examined
goodwill for impairment and determined that the Company s carrying amount did not exceed the fair value, thus, there was
no impairment.  

Generally,
sales are recognized when shipments are made to customers. Rebates, allowances for damaged goods and other advertising and marketing
program rebates are accrued pursuant to contractual provisions and included in accrued expenses. Certain amount of our revenues
fall under the percentage-of-completion method of accounting used for long-term contracts. Under this method, sales and gross
profit are recognized as work is performed based on the relationship between actual costs incurred and total estimated costs at
completion. Sales and gross profit are adjusted prospectively for revisions in estimated total contract costs and contract values.
Estimated losses are recorded when identified.  

In
countries in which the Company operates, and the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, assets and liabilities are
translated using published exchange rates in effect at the consolidated balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses and cash flows
are translated using an approximate weighted average exchange rate for the period. Resulting translation adjustments are recorded
as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.  

Results
of Operations - For the fiscal years ending September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Total
revenue for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $93,704,560 and $56,887,389, respectively, an increase of $36,817,171,
or 65%. Net income for years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $4,994,045 and $2,838,116, respectively, an increase of $2,155,929,
or 76%. Revenues and net income in this period as compared to the previous one was higher as a result of the acquisitions of AIS
and Periscope.  

Revenues   

Our
IPS segment s revenues for the year ended September 30, 2016 increased by $17,621,667 or 56%, to $49,224,011 from $31,622,344
for the year ended September 30, 2015. The acquisition of AIS on December 15, 2015, provided an additional $16,751,330 in revenues
while existing companies had an increase in revenues of $870,337.  

Our
EMS segment s revenues for the year ended September 30, 2016 increased by $19,195,504 or 76% to $44,460,549 from $25,265,045
for the year ended September 30, 2015. The acquisition of Periscope on May 31, 2016, provided an additional $18,688,287 in revenues
while existing companies had an increase in revenues of $507,217.  

Gross
Profit    

Gross
Profit for the year ended September 30, 2016 was $29,213,670 or 31% of revenues as compared to gross profit of $16,322,570 or
29% of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in gross profit percentage in the year ended September 30,
2016, as compared to the prior year, was a direct result of higher profit margin projects executed during this period as compared
to the prior year. The higher dollar amount of gross profit during fiscal 2016 was due to higher overall revenue.  

Operating
Expenses   

Operating
expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016 increased $10,328,226 or 75% to $24,149,772 from $13,281,546 for the year ended
September 30, 2015. Operating expenses as a percentage of revenue increased in the year ended September 30, 2016 to 26% from 24%
in the year ended September 30, 2015. The acquisition of AIS and Periscope provided additional operating expenses of $10,449,718,
while existing companies had a decrease of $121,492.  

Other
Income   

Other
income for the fiscal year of 2016 was $1,693,931 as compared to $834,290 for the fiscal year of 2015. The acquisition of AIS
and Periscope provided additional other income of $913,545, while existing companies had a decrease of $53,904.  

Interest
Expense   

Interest
expense for the fiscal year of 2016 was $673,612 as compared to $496,281 for the fiscal year of 2015. The acquisition of AIS and
Periscope provided additional interest expense of $271,456, while existing companies had a decrease of $94,125.  

Provision
for Income Taxes   

During
the fiscal year of 2016 we recorded an income tax provision of $1,090,172 compared to $917 for the fiscal year of 2015. The provision
for income tax is based upon the projected income tax from the Company s various domestic and international subsidiaries
that are subject to income taxes.  

Net
Income   

The
Company had net income of $4,994,045 or 5% of revenues, for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to a net income of $2,383,116
or 5% of revenues, for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net income of $2,155,929 was mainly due to higher profit
margin of projects executed during this period as compared to the prior year.  

Effects
of Inflation   

The
Company s business and operations have not been materially affected by inflation during the periods for which financial
information is presented.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Working
capital was $11,771,946 at September 30, 2016 compared to $4,693,904 at September 30, 2015. This includes cash and cash equivalents
of $6,045,521 at September 30, 2016 and $1,486,737 at September 30, 2015, respectively. The acquisition of AIS and Periscope provided
additional working capital of $5,432,734, while existing companies had an increase of $1,645,308.  

Accounts
receivable increased by $8,797,683 or 184% to $13,568,727 at September 30, 2016 from $4,771,044 at September 30, 2015. The acquisition
of AIS and Periscope provided additional accounts receivable of $7,406,279 while existing companies had an increase of $1,391,404.  

Inventories
increased by $7,702,111 or 121% to $14,071,627 at September 30, 2016 from $6,369,516 at September 30, 2015. The acquisition of
AIS and Periscope provided additional inventories of $7,736,297 while existing companies had a decrease of $34,186.  

Operating
activities provided $7,895,211 for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to providing $3,879,926 of cash for the year ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in operating cash flows in fiscal 2016 was primarily due to profitable operations.  

Investment
activities used $17,146,716 of cash during the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to using $956,046 during the year ended
September 30, 2015. The use of cash by investing activities in fiscal 2016 was the result of the acquisition, net of cash received,
of AIS and Periscope for $16,482,882 and the purchase of property and equipment for $663,834.  

Financing
activities provided $13,810,289 for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to using $1,583,238 in the year ended September
30, 2015. Cash flows from financing activities during fiscal 2016 was the result of proceeds from notes payable of $2,217,936,
affiliated loans of $3,480,252, convertible notes of $5,077,500 and bank loans of $5,176,262 all used to fund our acquisition
of AIS and Periscope, and to fund operations, offset by payments on notes payable of $486,125 and payments on bank loans of $1,655,536.  

We
believe that our cash on hand, cash generated by operations, is sufficient to meet the capital demands of our current operations
during the 2017 fiscal year (ending September 30, 2017). Any major increases in sales, particularly in new products, may require
substantial capital investment. Failure to obtain sufficient capital could materially adversely impact our growth potential.  

As
of September 30, 2016 and 2015, $5,740,046 of the $5,825,521 and $1,467,938 of the $1,486,737 of cash and cash equivalents on
the consolidated balance sheet was held by foreign subsidiaries, respectively. Net income of $5,061,026 and $2,618,610 for the
years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were earned by foreign subsidiaries and are considered indefinitely reinvested.
Amounts held by foreign subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. income taxation on repatriation to the U.S.  

In
December 2016, we commenced a subscription rights offering to our stockholders to raise up to $15.0 million through the sale of
units, each consisting of one share of our series 1 preferred stock, paying cumulative dividends at the rate of 10% of the purchase
price per year, and two five-year series 1 warrants, upon the exercise of subscription rights at $10.00 per unit. The rights offering
extends through January 2017 and may be extended thereafter. No assurance can be given that the rights offering will result in
significant funds for us. In the event that we raise significant external capital from the issuance of our common stock, preferred
stock, or debt instruments, we remain subject to the uncertainties and the volatility of the capital markets over which we have
no control. In all of these transactions we may be forced to raise capital on adverse terms or terms that are not reasonable in
light of current market conditions. As a result, persons who acquire our common stock may incur immediate and substantial dilution
and, in the case of our issuance of preferred stock or any debt instrument, we may issue preferred stock with rights and privileges
that adversely impact common stockholder rights and, in the case of the issuance of any debt instrument, the affirmative and negative
covenants that we may be required to accept, could adversely impact our financial and operating flexibility with consequent adverse
impact on the rights of our common stockholders and our common stock market price.  

Overall,
there is no guarantee that cash flow from our existing or future operations and any external capital that we may be able to raise
will be sufficient to meet our expansion goals and working capital needs.  

Outlook   

We
anticipate that the outlook for our products and services remains fairly strong and we are positioned well to take advantage of
it.  

We
believe there is currently a gradually increasing public awareness of the issues surrounding air quality and that this trend will
continue for the next several years. We also believe there is an increase in public concern regarding the effects of air quality
on society and future generations, as well as an increase in interest by standards-making bodies in creating specifications and
techniques for detecting, defining and solving air quality problems. As a result, we believe there will be an increase in interest
in our emission monitors, and environmental control products of subsidiary Griffin Filters.  

This
Outlook section, and other portions of this document, include certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning
of that term in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including,
among others, those statements preceded by, following or including the words  believe,   expect,   intend, 
 anticipate  or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations
of management and are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from these forward-looking statements. Important factors to consider in evaluating such forward-looking statements include those
discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors as well as:  

the
    shortage of reliable market data regarding the emission monitoring   air filtration market;   

changes
    in external competitive market factors or in our internal budgeting process which might impact trends in our results of operations;   

anticipated
    working capital or other cash requirements;   

changes
    in our business strategy or an inability to execute our strategy due to unanticipated changes in the market;   

product
    obsolescence due to the development of new technologies; and   

Various
    competitive factors that may prevent us from competing successfully in the marketplace.   

In
    light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the events contemplated by the forward-looking statements
    contained in this Form 10-K will in fact occur.    

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

The
financial statements required to be included in this report appear as indexed in the appendix to this report beginning on page
F-1.  

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   

There
have been no changes in and/or disagreements with Bharat Parikh   Associates, our independent registered public accountants,
on accounting and financial disclosure matters.  

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Vice President of Finance (the  Certifying Officers ) are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures for the Company. The Certifying Officers have designed such disclosure controls
and procedures to ensure that material information is made known to them, particularly during the period in which this Report
was prepared.  

Evaluation
of Controls and Procedures   

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Securities
Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive and financial
officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do, and management necessarily was required to
apply its judgment in evaluating the cost- benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    

The
company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate  internal control over financial reporting 
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)). Management evaluates the effectiveness of the company s internal
control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(1992 framework). Management, under the supervision and with the participation of the company s Chief Executive Officer
and Vice President of Finance, assessed the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting as
of September 30, 2016, and concluded that it is effective.  

This
report does not include an attestation report of the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company
to provide only Management s report in this Annual Report.  

As
of September 30, 2016, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.  

Changes
in Internal Controls   

There
have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s
last fiscal year to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls   

A
control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide
absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. The Company s
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving its objectives. The Company s
chief executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures are effective at that reasonable assurance level.  

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION   

None.  

PART III  

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

We incorporate the information
this item requires by referring to the information under the captions  Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors and Corporate Governance 
in our proxy statement for our 2016 annual stockholders  meeting ( 2016 Proxy Statement ), which we will file
with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION  

We incorporate the information
this item requires by referring to the information under the caption  Executive Compensation  in our 2016 Proxy Statement,
which we will file with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

We incorporate the information
this item requires by referring to the information under the caption  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
in our 2016 Proxy Statement, which we will file with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under
Equity Compensation Plans  

The following table presents
certain information as of September 30, 2016 regarding our equity compensation plans: 

Plan category 
       
     Number of Common 
Stock Shares to be 
Issued upon Exercise 
of Outstanding 
Options 

Weighted Average 
Exercise Price of 
Outstanding Options 

Number of Securities 
Remaining Available 
for Future Issuance 
under Plans 

Approved by security holders 

$ 
     - 

Not approved by security holders 

275,400 

$ 
     1.73 

0 

See more detailed information
regarding our equity compensation plans in Note 15 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this 2016 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

We incorporate the information
this item requires by referring to the information under the captions  Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors  and  Corporate
Governance  in our 2016 Proxy Statement, which we will file with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL
ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES  

We incorporate the information
this item requires by referring to the information under the caption  Proposal No. 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm  in our 2016 Proxy Statement, which we will file with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

PART IV  

ITEM 15   
       
       EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

(a)  
       
        Financial Statements and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements     

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 at beginning of attached financial statements.   

(b)   
       
       Exhibits    

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description    
 
      2.1  
       
      Asset Purchase Agreement regarding the assets of ROB Holding AG, ROB Electronic GmbH, ROB Connect GmbH, and ROB Engineering dated Spetember 10, 2013. (5)   
 
      2.2  
       
      Stock Purchase Agreement regarding the stock of Advanced Industrial Services, Inc., AIS Leasing Company, AIS Graphic Services, Inc., and AIS Energy Services, LLC, Dated December 15, 2015. (6)   
 
      2.3  
       
      Asset Purchase agreement between Periscope GmbH and ROB Centrex Assets UG, ROB Cemtrex Automotive GmbH, and ROB Cemtrex Logistics GmbH. (7)   
 
      3.1  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation of the company.(1)   
 
      3.2  
       
      By Laws of the company.(1)   
 
      3.3  
       
      Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated September 29, 2006.(1)   
 
      3.4  
       
      Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated March 30, 2007.(1)   
 
      3.5  
       
      Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated May 16, 2007.(1)   
 
      3.6  
       
      Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated August 21, 2007.(1)   
 
      3.7  
       
      Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, dated April 3, 2015.(3)   
 
      3.8  
       
      Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Shares, dated September 8, 2009.(2)   
 
      3.9  
       
      Certificate of Designation of the Series 1 Preferred Stock.(10)   
 
      4.1  
       
      Form of Subscription Rights Certificate. (10)   
 
      4.2  
       
      Form of Series 1 Preferred Stock Certificate. (10)   
 
      4.3  
       
      Form of Series 1 Warrant. (10)   
 
      10.1  
       
      Cemtrex Lease Agreement-Ducon Technologies, Inc.(1)   
 
      10.2  
       
      Lease Agreement between Daniel L. Canino and Griffin Filters, LLC.(1)   
 
      10.3  
       
      Asset Purchase Agreement between Ducon Technologies, Inc. and Cemtrex, Inc.(1)   
 
      10.4  
       
      Agreement and Assignment of Membership Interests between Aron Govil and Cemtrex, Inc.(1)   
 
      10.5  
       
      8.0% Convertible Subordinated Debenture.(1)   
 
      10.6  
       
      Letter Agreement by and between Cemtrex, Inc. and Arun Govil, dated September 8, 2009.(2)   
 
      10.7  
       
      Loan Agreement between Fulton Bank, N.A. and Advanced Industrial Services, Inc., AIS Acquisition, Inc., AIS Leasing Company, dated December 15, 2015.(6)   
 
      10.8  
       
      Promissory Note between Kris L. Mailey and AIS Acquisition, Inc. dated December 15, 2015.(6)   
 
      10.9  
       
      Promissory Note between Michael R. Yergo and AIS Acquisition, Inc. dated December 15, 2015.(6)   
 
      10.1  
       
      Term Loan Agreement between Cemtrex GmbH and Sparkasse Bank for Financing of funds within the scope of the Asset-Deals of the ROB Group, dated October 4, 2013.(8)   
 
      10.11  
       
      Working Capital Credit Line Agreement between Cemtrex GmbH and Sparkasse Bank, dated October 4, 2013 (updated May 8, 2014).(8)   
 
      10.12  
       
      Loan Agreement between ROB Cemtrex GmbH and Sparkasse Bank to finance the purchase of the property at Am Wolfsbaum 1, 75245 Neulingen, Germany, dated October 7, 2013, purchase completed March 1, 2014.(9)   
 
      10.13*  
       
      Stock Option Agreement entered into as of February 12, 2016 between Cemtrex, Inc. and Saagar Govil   
 
      14.1  
       
      Corporate Code of Business Ethics.(4)   
 
      21.1*  
       
      Subsidiaries of the Registrant   
 
      31.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Exchange Act, as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      31.2*  
       
      Certification of Vice President of Finance and Principal Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 of the Exchange Act, as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   
 
      32.1*  
       
      Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 0f of 2002.   
 
      32.2*  
       
      Certification of Vice President of Finance and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 0f of 2002.   
 
      101.INS*  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   
 
      101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema   
 
      101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase   
 
      101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   
 
      101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   
 
      101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CEMTREX, INC.    

December 28, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Saagar Govil  .     

Saagar Govil,   

Chairman of the Board, CEO,    

President   Secretary (Principal Executive Officer)   

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

December
    28, 2016  
      By: .   
       /s/ Saagar Govil    

Saagar Govil,   

Chairman of the Board, CEO,    

President   Secretary (Principal Executive Officer)   

December 28,
    2016  
      By:   
       /s/ Renato Dela Rama  .     

Renato Dela Rama,   

Vice President of Finance (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

December 28,
    2016  
      By:   
       /s/ Raju Panjwani    

Raju Panjwani,   

Director   

December 28,
    2016  
      By:   
       /s/ Sunny Patel    

Sunny Patel,   

Director   

December 28,
    2016  
      By:   
       /s/ Shamik Shah    

Shamik Shah,   

Director   

December 28,
    2016  
      By:   
       /s/ Aron Govil    

Aron Govil,   

Executive Director   

Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM  

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Cemtrex, Inc.  

We
have audited the consolidated balance sheet of Cemtrex, Inc. (the  Company ) and subsidiaries as of September 30,
2016 and 2015 and the related consolidated statements of income, retained earnings and cash flows for the years then ended. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We did not audit the financial statements of Advanced Industrial
Services Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary, which statements reflect total assets of $11,833,564 as of September 30, 2016 and total
revenues of $16,751,330 for the year then ended. Those statements were audited by other auditors whose report has been furnished
to us, and our opinion, in so far as it relates to the amounts included for Advanced Industrial Services Inc., is based solely
on the report of the other auditors.  

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, based on our audits and the report of other auditors, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.  

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements.  

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND PLAN OF
OPERATIONS  

The Company was incorporated
on April 27, 1998, in the state of Delaware under the name  Diversified American Holdings, Inc.  The Company subsequently
changed its name to  Cemtrex Inc.  on December 16, 2004. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to  we ,
 our ,  us ,  Company ,  registrant ,  Cemtrex  or  management 
refer to Cemtrex, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Cemtrex is a leading diversified technology company that operates in a wide array
of business segments and provides solutions to meet today s industrial and manufacturing challenges. The Company provides
manufacturing services of advanced electronic system assemblies, provides broad-based industrial services, instruments   emission
monitors for industrial processes, and provides industrial air filtration   environmental control systems. 

Through our Electronics
Manufacturing Services ( EMS ) segment, we provide end to end electronic manufacturing services, which include product
design and sustaining engineering services, printed circuit board assembly and production, cabling and wire harnessing, systems
integration, comprehensive testing services and completely assembled electronic products. Our EMS segment offers fully integrated
contract manufacturing services to global original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and technology companies that operate primarily
in the medical, industrial, automation, automotive, and renewable markets. 

Through our Industrial
Products and Services ( IPS ) segment, we provide a complete line of air filtration and environmental control products
to a wide variety of industrial and manufacturing industries worldwide. The segment also manufactures, sells, and services monitoring
instruments, software and systems for measurement of emissions of Greenhouse gases, hazardous gases, particulate and other regulated
pollutants used in emissions trading globally as well as for industrial processes. We also market monitoring and analysis equipment
for gas and liquid measurement for various downstream oil   gas applications as well as various industrial process applications.
In addition we, through our newly acquired business, offer one-source expertise and capabilities in plant and equipment erection,
relocation, and disassembly in a wide variety of industrial markets like automotive, printing   graphics, industrial automation,
packaging, and chemicals among others. 

On December 15, 2015 we
acquired Advanced Industrial Services Inc. ( AIS ) and its affiliate subsidiary company based in York, Pennsylvania
for a purchase price of approximately $7.7 million and acquisition related expenses of $476,340. The purchase price was paid with
$5.2 million in cash, $1,500,000 in a seller s note, and $1,000,000 in the form of 315,458 shares of Cemtrex restricted Common
Stock. AIS averaged approximately $23 million in annual revenue and $2.4 million in annual normalized EBITDA over the two calendar
years 2013 and 2014. We worked with a local bank to finance the $5.25 million self-amortizing, seven (7) year term loan and $3.5
million working capital credit line for the transaction. The loans carry annual interest rates of 30 day LIBOR plus 2.25 and 2.0
respectively. The seller s note is for 3 years at 6% (see NOTE 13 BUSINESS COMBINATION). 

On May 31, 2016 we acquired
machinery   equipment, electronics manufacturing business and logistics business from a German company, Periscope, GmbH ( Periscope )
and placed them in three newly formed entities: ROB Cemtrex Assets UG, ROB Cemtrex Automotive GmbH and ROB Cemtrex Logistics GmbH
respectively. Periscope s electronic manufacturing business deals primarily with the major German automotive manufacturers,
including Tier 1 suppliers in the industry, as well as for industries like telecommunications, industrial goods, luxury consumer
products, display technology, and other industrial OEMs. Periscope had more than 35 years of industrial operating experience. The
Periscope acquisition was completed through use of $4,902,670 of Company cash, $717,936 in Seller note and $3,298,600 in proceeds
from issuance of a note to Ducon Technologies Inc., a related party (see NOTE 13 BUSINESS COMBINATION). 

NOTE 2   BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation and Use of Estimates  

The Management of the Company
is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness of accounting policies and
their application. Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important to the portrayal of the Company s
financial condition and results and require management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result
of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company s significant and critical
accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). 

Fiscal Year-End  

The Company elected September
30 as its fiscal year-end date. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical
Accounting Estimates and Assumptions  

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s). 

Critical accounting estimates
are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to
account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial
condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the
financial statements were: 

i.  
      Allowance for doubtful accounts: Management s estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on historical sales, historical loss levels, and an analysis of the collectability of individual accounts; and general economic conditions that may affect a client s ability to pay. The Company evaluated the key factors and assumptions used to develop the allowance in determining that it is reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole;   

ii.  
      Inventory Obsolescence and Markdowns: The Company s estimate of potentially excess and slow-moving inventories is based on evaluation of inventory levels and aging, review of inventory turns and historical sales experiences. The Company s estimate of reserve for inventory shrinkage is based on the historical results of physical inventory cycle counts;   

iii.  
      Fair value of long-lived assets: Fair value is generally determined using the asset s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable. If long-lived assets are determined to be recoverable, but the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book values of the long-lived assets are depreciated over the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. The Company considers the following to be some examples of important indicators that may trigger an impairment review:   

i.  
      significant under-performance or losses of assets relative to expected historical or projected future operating results;   

ii.  
      significant changes in the manner or use of assets or in the Company s overall strategy with respect to the manner or use of the acquired assets or changes in the Company s overall business strategy;   

iii.  
      significant negative industry or economic trends;   

iv.  
      increased competitive pressures;   

v.  
      a significant decline in the Company s stock price for a sustained period of time; and   

vi.  
      regulatory changes. The Company evaluates acquired assets for potential impairment indicators at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence of such events.   

iv.  
      Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets: Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry- forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.   

These significant accounting
estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions,
and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value. 

Management bases its estimates
on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements
taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. 

Management regularly evaluates
the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances,
historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. 

Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The Company applies the
guidance of Topic 810  Consolidation  of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to determine whether and how to
consolidate another entity. Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-10 all majority-owned subsidiaries all entities in which
a parent has a controlling financial interest shall be consolidated except (1) when control does not rest with the parent,
the majority owner; (2) if the parent is a broker-dealer within the scope of Topic 940 and control is likely to be temporary; (3)
consolidation by an investment company within the scope of Topic 946 of a non-investment-company investee. Pursuant to ASC Paragraph
810-10-15-8 the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority voting interest, and, therefore,
as a general rule ownership by one reporting entity, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting
shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation. The power to control may also exist with a lesser percentage
of ownership, for example, by contract, lease, agreement with other stockholders, or by court decree. The Company consolidates
all less-than-majority-owned subsidiaries, if any, in which the parent s power to control exists. 

The Company s consolidated subsidiaries
and/or entities are as follows: 

The consolidated financial
statements include all accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary as of the reporting period end dates and for the
reporting periods then ended. 

All inter-company balances
and transactions have been eliminated. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company follows paragraph
825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph
820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of
its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value
measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to
valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority
to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.
The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level 1 -   
      Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.   

Level 2 -   
      Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.   

Level 3 -   
      Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.   

Financial assets are considered
Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and
at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The fair value hierarchy
gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described
above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. 

The carrying amounts of
the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses and accounts payable, approximate their fair
values because of the short maturity of these instruments. 

Transactions involving
related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the
related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm s-length transactions unless
such representations can be substantiated. 

Fair Value of Non-Financial Assets or Liabilities
Measured on a Recurring Basis  

The Company s non-financial
assets include inventories. The Company identifies potentially excess and slow-moving inventories by evaluating turn rates, inventory
levels and other factors. Excess quantities are identified through evaluation of inventory aging, review of inventory turns and
historical sales experiences. The Company provides lower of cost or market reserves for such identified excess and slow- moving
inventories. The Company establishes a reserve for inventory shrinkage, if any, based on the historical results of physical inventory
cycle counts. 

Carrying Value, Recoverability and Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets  

The Company has adopted
paragraph 360-10-35-17 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for its long-lived assets. The Company s long-lived
assets, which include property and equipment and intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 

The Company assesses the
recoverability of its long-lived assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related long-lived
asset or group of long-lived assets over their remaining estimated useful lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairment,
if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets. Fair value is generally determined using
the asset s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable. When long-lived assets are determined
to be recoverable, but the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book
values of the long-lived assets are depreciated over the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. 

The Company considers the
following to be some examples of important indicators that may trigger an impairment review: (i) significant under-performance
or losses of assets relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; (ii) significant changes in the manner
or use of assets or in the Company s overall strategy with respect to the manner or use of the acquired assets or changes
in the Company s overall business strategy; (iii) significant negative industry or economic trends; (iv) increased competitive
pressures; (v) a significant decline in the Company s stock price for a sustained period of time; and (vi) regulatory changes.
The Company evaluates acquired assets for potential impairment indicators at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence
of such events. 

The key assumptions used
in management s estimates of projected cash flow deal largely with forecasts of sales levels, gross margins, and operating
costs of the manufacturing facilities. These forecasts are typically based on historical trends and take into account recent developments
as well as management s plans and intentions. Any difficulty in manufacturing or sourcing raw materials on a cost effective
basis would significantly impact the projected future cash flows of the Company s manufacturing facilities and potentially
lead to an impairment charge for long-lived assets. Other factors, such as increased competition or a decrease in the desirability
of the Company s products, could lead to lower projected sales levels, which would adversely impact cash flows. A significant
change in cash flows in the future could result in an impairment of long lived assets. 

The impairment charges,
if any, is included in operating expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. 

Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all
highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. 

Short-term Investments  

The Company s short-term
investments consist of certificates of deposit with original maturities of greater than three months. They are bought and held
principally for the purpose of selling them in the near-term and are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are recorded
at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets in current assets, with the change in fair value during the year recorded in earnings. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts  

Accounts receivable are
recorded at the invoiced amount, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company follows paragraph 310-10-50-9 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company performs on-going credit evaluations
of its customers and adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer s current credit worthiness, as determined
by the review of their current credit information; and determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical write-off
experience, customer specific facts and general economic conditions that may affect a client s ability to pay. 

Pursuant to paragraph 310-10-50-2
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection
have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company has adopted paragraph 310-10-50-6 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification and determine when receivables are past due or delinquent based on how recently payments have
been received. 

Outstanding account balances
are reviewed individually for collectability. The allowance for doubtful accounts is the Company s best estimate of the amount
of probable credit losses in the Company s existing accounts receivable. Bad debt expense is included in general and administrative
expenses, if any. 

The Company has $121,650
and $65,002 allowance for doubtful accounts at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company does not have
any off-balance-sheet credit exposure to its customers at September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

Inventory and Cost of Goods Sold  

Inventory Valuation   

The Company values inventory,
consisting of finished goods, at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on the first-in and first- out ( FIFO )
method. The Company reduces inventory for the diminution of value, resulting from product obsolescence, damage or other issues
affecting marketability, equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated market value. Factors utilized
in the determination of estimated market value include (i) current sales data and historical return rates, (ii) estimates of future
demand, and (iii) competitive pricing pressures. 

Inventory Obsolescence
and Markdowns   

The Company evaluates its
current level of inventory considering historical sales and other factors and, based on this evaluation, classify inventory markdowns
in the income statement as a component of cost of goods sold pursuant to Paragraph 420-10-S99 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification to adjust inventory to net realizable value. These markdowns are estimates, which could vary significantly from actual
requirements if future economic conditions, customer demand or competition differ from expectations. 

There was $970,763 and
$148,967 in inventory obsolescence at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment
is recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
as incurred. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed by the straight-line method (after taking into account their respective
estimated residual values shown in the table below) over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. 

Estimated Useful Life 

(Years) 

Building 

30 

Furniture and office equipment 

5 

Computer software 

7 

Machinery and equipment 

7 

Upon sale or retirement
of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
reflected in statements of operations. 

Goodwill   

Goodwill represents the
excess of cost over the fair value of net assets of businesses acquired. The Company accounts for goodwill under the guidance of
the ASC Topic 350,  Intangibles: Goodwill and Other . Goodwill acquired in a purchase business combination and determined
to have an indefinite useful life is not amortized, but instead tested for impairment, at least annually, in accordance with this
guidance. The recoverability of goodwill is subject to an annual impairment test or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change
that would more likely than not result in an impairment. The Company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level
on an annual basis as of September 30 and between annual tests when an event occurs or circumstances change that could indicate
that the asset might be impaired. In accordance with the FASB revised guidance on  Testing of Goodwill for Impairment, 
a company first has the option to assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value
of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the company decides, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it
is more-likely-than- not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment
test is mandatory. Otherwise, no further testing is required. The quantitative impairment test consists of a two-step goodwill
impairment test. The first step compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount. If the fair value of each
reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired and the second step will not be required.
If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill
to the carrying value of a reporting unit s goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in a manner similar
to accounting for a business combination with the allocation of the assessed fair value determined in the first step to the assets
and liabilities of the reporting unit. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets
and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. This allocation process is only performed for purposes of evaluating goodwill
impairment and does not result in an entry to adjust the value of any assets or liabilities. An impairment loss is recognized for
any excess in the carrying value of goodwill over the implied fair value of goodwill. 

Leases  

Lease agreements are evaluated
to determine whether they are capital leases or operating leases in accordance with paragraph 840-10-25-1 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ( Paragraph 840-10-25-1 ). Pursuant to Paragraph 840-10-25-1 A lessee and a lessor shall consider
whether a lease meets any of the following four criteria as part of classifying the lease at its inception under the guidance in
the Lessees Subsection of this Section (for the lessee) and the Lessors Subsection of this Section (for the lessor): a. Transfer
of ownership. The lease transfers ownership of the property to the lessee by the end of the lease term. This criterion is met in
situations in which the lease agreement provides for the transfer of title at or shortly after the end of the lease term in exchange
for the payment of a nominal fee, for example, the minimum required by statutory regulation to transfer title. b. Bargain purchase
option. The lease contains a bargain purchase option. c. Lease term. The lease term is equal to 75 percent or more of the estimated
economic life of the leased property. d. Minimum lease payments. The present value at the beginning of the lease term of the minimum
lease payments, excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance, maintenance, and taxes to
be paid by the lessor, including any profit thereon, equals or exceeds 90 percent of the excess of the fair value of the leased
property to the lessor at lease inception over any related investment tax credit retained by the lessor and expected to be realized
by the lessor. In accordance with paragraphs 840-10- 25-29 and 840-10-25-30, if at its inception a lease meets any of the four
lease classification criteria in Paragraph 840-10-25-1, the lease shall be classified by the lessee as a capital lease; and if
none of the four criteria in Paragraph 840-10-25-1 are met, the lease shall be classified by the lessee as an operating lease.
Pursuant to Paragraph 840-10- 25-31 a lessee shall compute the present value of the minimum lease payments using the lessee s
incremental borrowing rate unless both of the following conditions are met, in which circumstance the lessee shall use the implicit
rate: a.) It is practicable for the lessee to learn the implicit rate computed by the lessor. b.) The implicit rate computed by
the lessor is less than the lessee s incremental borrowing rate. Capital lease assets are depreciated on a straight line
method, over the capital lease assets estimated useful lives consistent with the Company s normal depreciation policy for
tangible fixed assets. Interest charges are expensed over the period of the lease in relation to the carrying value of the capital
lease obligation. 

Operating leases primarily
relate to the Company s leases of office spaces. When the terms of an operating lease include tenant improvement allowances,
periods of free rent, rent concessions, and/or rent escalation amounts, the Company establishes a deferred rent liability for the
difference between the scheduled rent payment and the straight-line rent expense recognized, which is amortized over the underlying
lease term on a straight-line basis as a reduction of rent expense. 

The Company has adopted
Subtopic 350-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for intangible assets other than goodwill. Under the requirements,
the Company amortizes the acquisition costs of intangible assets other than goodwill on a straight-line basis over their estimated
useful lives, the terms of the exclusive licenses and/or agreements, or the terms of legal lives of the intangible assets, whichever
is shorter. Upon becoming fully amortized, the related cost and accumulated amortization are removed from the accounts. 

Related Parties  

The Company follows subtopic
850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party
transactions. 

Pursuant to Section 850-10-20
the related parties include a. affiliates of the Company; b. entities for which investments in their equity securities would be
required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15,
to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing
trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company;
f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests; and g. other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties
or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that
one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

The financial statements
shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and
other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation
of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a. the nature
of the relationship(s) involved b. description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts
were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to
an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each
of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms
from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented
and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. 

Commitment and Contingencies  

The Company follows subtopic
450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of
the date the consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved
when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently
involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company
or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or
unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a
contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated,
then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates
that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated,
then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would
be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered
remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management
does not believe, based upon information available at this time, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the
Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such
matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or
cash flows. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company follows paragraph
605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized
or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are
met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to
the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

The Company derives a certain
amount of its revenues from sales of its products, with revenues being generated upon the shipment of merchandise. Persuasive evidence
of an arrangement is demonstrated via sales invoice or contract; the sales price to the customer is fixed upon acceptance of the
signed purchase order or contract and there is no separate sales rebate, discount, or volume incentive. 

A certain amount of our
revenues fall under the percentage-of-completion method of accounting used for long-term contracts. Under this method, sales and
gross profit are recognized as work is performed based on the relationship between actual costs incurred and total estimated costs
at completion. Sales and gross profit are adjusted prospectively for revisions in estimated total contract costs and contract values.
Estimated losses are recorded when identified. 

Shipping and Handling Costs  

The Company accounts for
shipping and handling fees in accordance with paragraph 605-45-45-19 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. While amounts
charged to customers for shipping products are included in revenues, the related costs are classified in cost of goods sold as
incurred. 

Income Tax Provision  

The Company accounts for
income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax
assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or
tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement
and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to
reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not
that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income
in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The Company adopted section
740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 740-10-25 ). Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination
of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under
Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not
that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.
The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that
has a greater than fifty (50) percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance
on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased
disclosures. 

The estimated future tax
effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred
tax assets recorded on its consolidated balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. 

Management makes judgments
as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax
liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions.
In management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax
jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary. 

Uncertain Tax Positions  

The Company did not take
any uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to its income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the provisions of Section
740-10-25 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

Net Income (Loss) per Common Share  

Net income (loss) per common
share is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per common
share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of
shares of common stock and potentially dilutive outstanding shares of common stock during the period to reflect the potential dilution
that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent share arrangements, stock options and warrants. 

There were 139,987 and
67,569 potentially dilutive common shares outstanding for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 or 2015, respectively. 

Foreign Currency Translation Gain and Comprehensive
Income (Loss)   

In countries in which the
Company operates, and the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar, assets and liabilities are translated using published
exchange rates in effect at the consolidated balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses and cash flows are translated using an approximate
weighted average exchange rate for the period. Resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. For the years ending September 30, 2016 and September 30,
2015, comprehensive income includes losses of $640,259 and $177,329, respectively, which were entirely from foreign currency translation. 

Cash Flows Reporting  

The Company adopted paragraph
230-10-45-24 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according
to whether they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the
indirect or reconciliation method ( Indirect method ) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating
activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected
future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash
receipts and payments. The Company reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows, using the current
exchange rate at the time of the cash flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported
as a separate item in the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides
information about investing and financing activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period pursuant to paragraph
830-230-45-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. 

Subsequent Events  

The Company follows the
guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company
will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed
to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR. 

Reclassifications  

Certain reclassifications
have been made to prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

In June 2016, the FASB
issued guidance surrounding credit losses for financial instruments that replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in current
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). The new impairment model requires immediate recognition of
estimated credit losses expected to occur for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For available-for-sale debt
securities with unrealized losses, the losses will be recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of
the securities. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019 and interim periods within
those annual periods. Early adoption for fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2018 is permitted. Entities will apply the standard s
provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first effective reporting period.
The Company expects to adopt this standard in its fiscal year ending September 30, 2021 and does not expect the adoption of this
standard to have a material effect upon its consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB
issued guidance to simplify key components of employee share-based payment accounting. The guidance is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Several aspects of the accounting for
share-based payment award transactions are simplified, including: (a) income tax consequences; (b) classification of awards as
either equity or liabilities; and (c) classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company expects to adopt this standard
in its fiscal year ending September 30, 2018 and does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material effect upon its
consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB
issued guidance requiring a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent
with current GAAP, the recognition, measurement and presentation of expense and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily
will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. However, unlike current GAAP, which requires only capital leases
to be recognized on the balance sheet, this new guidance will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet.
The guidance also requires disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users to better understand the amount, timing
and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements, providing
additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and
interim reporting periods therein, beginning after December 15, 2018 and is to be applied using the modified retrospective approach.
The Company expects to adopt this standard in its fiscal year ending September 30, 2020 and does not expect the adoption of this
guidance to have a material effect upon its consolidated financial statements. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a material effect on the
accompanying financial statements. 

NOTE 3   LIQUIDITY  

Our
current strategic plan includes the expansion of the Company both organically and through acquisitions if market conditions and
competitive conditions allow. Due to the long-term nature of investments in acquisitions and other financial needs to support organic
growth, including working capital, we expect our long-term and working capital needs to periodically exceed the short-term fluctuations
in cash flow from operations. Accordingly, we anticipate that we will likely raise additional external capital from the sale of
common stock, preferred stock, and debt instruments as market conditions may allow in addition to cash flow from operations to
fund our growth and working capital needs. 

To
the extent that our internally-generated cash flow is insufficient to meet our needs, we are subject to uncertain and ever-changing
debt and equity capital market conditions over which we have no control. The magnitude and the timing of the funds that we need
to raise from external sources also cannot be easily predicted. 

In December 2016, we commenced
a subscription rights offering to our stockholders to raise up to $15.0 million through the sale of units, each consisting of one
share of our series 1 preferred stock, paying cumulative dividends at the rate of 10% of the purchase price per year, and two five-year
series 1 warrants, upon the exercise of subscription rights at $10.00 per unit. The rights offering extends through January 2017
and may be extended thereafter. No assurance can be given that the rights offering will result in significant funds for us. In
the event that we raise significant external capital from the issuance of our common stock, preferred stock, or debt instruments,
we remain subject to the uncertainties and the volatility of the capital markets over which we have no control. In all of these
transactions we may be forced to raise capital on adverse terms or terms that are not reasonable in light of current market conditions.
As a result, persons who acquire our common stock may incur immediate and substantial dilution and, in the case of our issuance
of preferred stock or any debt instrument, we may issue preferred stock with rights and privileges that adversely impact common
stockholder rights and, in the case of the issuance of any debt instrument, the affirmative and negative covenants that we may
be required to accept, could adversely impact our financial and operating flexibility with consequent adverse impact on the rights
of our common stockholders and our common stock market price. 

There is no guarantee
that cash flow from operations and/or debt and equity vehicles will provide sufficient capital to meet our expansion goals and
working capital needs. 

NOTE 4   SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION  

The Company reports and
evaluates financial information for two segments: Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) segment and the Industrial Products
and Services (IPS) segment. The EMS segment provides end to end electronic manufacturing services, which includes product design
and sustaining engineering services, printed circuit board assembly and production, cabling and wire harnessing, systems integration,
comprehensive testing services and completely assembled electronic products. The IPS segment sells a complete line of air filtration
and environmental control products to a wide variety of industrial and manufacturing industries worldwide. The Company also manufactures
sells, and services monitoring instruments, software and systems for measurement of emissions of Greenhouse gases, hazardous gases,
particulate and other regulated pollutants used in emissions trading globally as well as for industrial processes. The Company
also markets monitoring and analysis equipment for gas and liquid measurement for various downstream oil   gas applications
as well as various industrial process applications. 

The following tables summarize
the Company s segment information: 

The Company generates
revenue from product sales and services from its subsidiaries located in the United States,  Germany, Romania and Hong Kong.
Revenue information for the Company is as follows: 

NOTE 5   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  

The
Company complies with the provisions of ASC 820  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ).
Under ASC 820, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e.,
the  exit price ) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 

The
following tables present information about the Company s assets measured at fair value as of September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015: 

Quoted Prices  

Significant  

in Active  

Other  

Significant  

Balance  

Markets for  

Observable  

Unobservable  

as of  

Identical Assets  

Inputs  

Inputs  

September 30,  

(Level 1)  

(Level 2)  

(Level 3)  

2016  

Assets  

Investment in certificates of deposit  

(included in short-term investments)  
       
      $  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

Quoted Prices  

Significant  

in Active  

Other  

Significant  

Balance  

Markets for  

Observable  

Observable  

as of  

Identical Assets  

Inputs  

Inputs  

September 30,  

(Level 1)  

(Level 2)  

(Level 3)  

2015  

Assets  

Investment in certificates of deposit  

(included in short-term investments)  
       
      $  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

$  
      -  

NOTE 6  
RESTRICTED CASH  

A
subsidiary of the Company participates in a consortium in order to self-insure group care coverage for its employees. The plan
is administrated by Benecon Group and the Company makes monthly deposits in a trust account to cover medical claims and any administrative
costs associated with the plan. These funds, as required by the plan are restricted in nature and amounted to $698,849 as of September
30, 2016. The Company also records a liability for claims that have been incurred but not recorded at the end of each year. The
amount of the liability is determined by Benecon Group. The liability recorded in accrued expenses amounted to $71,789 as of September
30, 2016. 

NOTE 7   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET  

Accounts receivable, net
consists of the following: 

Accounts receivable include amounts due for
shipped products and services rendered. 

Allowance for doubtful
accounts include estimated losses resulting from the inability of our customers to make required payments. 

NOTE 8   INVENTORY, NET  

Inventory, net of reserves,
consist of the following: 

NOTE 9   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

Property and equipment
are summarized as follows: 

The Company completed
the annual impairment test of property and equipment and determined that there was no impairment as the fair value of property
and equipment, substantially exceeded their carrying values at September 30, 2016. Depreciation and amortization of property and
equipment totaled approximately $2,296,010 and $772,434 for fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 10   PREPAID AND OTHER CURRENT
ASSETS  

On September 30, 2016
the Company had prepaid and other current assets consisting of prepayments on inventory purchases of $2,201,335 and other
current assets of $274,049 and on September 30, 2015 the Company had prepaid and other current assets consisting of prepayments
on inventory purchases of $120,296 and other current assets of $773,496. 

NOTE 11   CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE

As of September 30, 2016
the Company has the following unsecured convertible notes, issued on the dates listed, to various unrelated third parties outstanding. 

The use of the proceeds
from the notes issued is for growth capital and planned acquisitions. As per the terms of these convertible notes the Company has
reserved 4,000,000 shares (post reverse split basis) representing approximately three times the actual shares that would be issued
upon conversion of all the notes. 

As of September 30, 2016,
2,290,368 shares of the Company s common stock have been issued to satisfy $3,610,500 of convertible notes payable. 

NOTE 12   LONG-TERM LIABILITIES   

Loans payable to bank  

On October 31, 2013, the
company acquired a loan from Sparkasse Bank of Germany in the amount of  3,000,000 ($4,006,500, based upon exchange rate on
October 31, 2013) in order to fund the purchase of ROB Cemtrex GmbH. $2,799,411 of the proceeds went to direct purchase of ROB
Cemtrex GmbH and $1,207,089 funded beginning operations. This loan carries interest of 4.95% per annum and is payable on October
30, 2021. 

On May 28, 2014 the Company
financed an upgrade of the information technology infrastructure for ROB Cemtrex GmbH. The purchase was fully financed through
Sparkasse Bank of Germany for  200,000 ($272,840 based upon the exchange rate on May 28, 2014). This loan carries interest
of 4.50% and is payable over 4 years. 

On December15, 2015, the
company acquired a loan from Fulton Bank in the amount of $5,250,000 in order to fund the purchase of Advanced Industrial Services,
Inc. $5,000,000 of the proceeds went to direct purchase of AIS. This loan carries interest of LIBOR plus 2.25% per annum and is
payable on December 15, 2022. 

On December15, 2015, the
company acquired a loan from Fulton Bank in the amount of $800,000 in order to fund the operations of Advanced Industrial Services,
Inc. $620,000 of the proceeds was drawn upon closing. This loan carries interest of LIBOR plus 2.00% per annum and is payable on
December 15, 2020. 

Mortgage payable  

On March 1, 2014 the Company
completed the purchase of the building that ROB Cemtrex GmbH occupies in Neulingen, Germany. The purchase was fully financed through
Sparkasse Bank of Germany for  4,000,000 ($5,500,400 based upon the exchange rate on March 1, 2014). This mortgage carries
interest of 3.00% and is payable over 17 years. 

Notes payable  

On December 15, 2015 the
Company issued notes payable to the sellers of Advanced Industrial Services, Inc. for $1,500,000 to fund the purchase of AIS. These
notes carry interest of 6% and are payable over 3 years. 

Notes payable   related party  

Please see Note 14  
Related Party Transactions for details on notes payable to Ducon Technologies, Inc. 

NOTE 13   BUSINESS COMBINATION  

Advanced Industrial Services, Inc.  

On December 15, 2015 the
Company acquired Advanced Industrial Services, Inc. ( AIS ) and its affiliate subsidiary company based in York Pennsylvania.
Advanced Industrial Services Inc. is a well-known broad based industrial services provider that offers one-source expertise and
capabilities in plant and equipment erection, relocation, and disassembly. Over the years it has been one of the market leaders
in installing high precision equipment in a wide variety of industrial markets like automotive, printing   graphics, industrial
automation, packaging, and chemicals among others. In addition, AIS has experience in installing industrial air filtration equipment,
similar to the equipment sold by Cemtrex through its existing business operations. 

The acquisition date fair
value of the total consideration transferred was approximately $7.7 million, which consisted of the following: 

In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 805, Business Combinations ( ASC 805 ), the total purchase consideration
is allocated to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
values as of December 15, 2015 (the acquisition date). The purchase price was allocated based on the information currently available,
and may be adjusted after obtaining more information regarding, among other things, asset valuations, liabilities assumed, and
revisions of preliminary estimates. 

The following table summarizes
the current allocation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their preliminary estimated fair values and current
measurement period adjustments as follows: 

The following supplemental
pro forma information presents the financial results as if the acquisition of AIS had occurred October 1, 2014: 

Periscope, GmbH  

On May 31, 2016 we acquired
machinery   equipment, electronics manufacturing business and logistics business from a German company, Periscope, GmbH ( Periscope )
and placed them in three newly formed entities: ROB Cemtrex Assets UG, ROB Cemtrex Automotive GmbH and ROB Cemtrex Logistics GmbH
respectively. Periscope s electronic manufacturing business deals primarily with the major German automotive manufacturers,
including Tier 1 suppliers in the industry, as well as for industries like telecommunications, industrial goods, luxury consumer
products, display technology, and other industrial OEMs. Periscope had more than 35 years of industrial operating experience. 

The acquisition date fair
value of the total consideration transferred was approximately $8.9 million, which consisted of the following: 

In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 805, Business Combinations ( ASC 805 ), the total purchase consideration
is allocated to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair
values as of May 31, 2016 (the acquisition date). The purchase price was allocated based on the information currently available,
and may be adjusted after obtaining more information regarding, among other things, asset valuations, liabilities assumed, and
revisions of preliminary estimates. 

The following table summarizes
the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date: 

The following supplemental
pro forma information presents the financial results as if the acquisition of Periscope had occurred October 1, 2014: 

NOTE 14   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The Company has Notes
payable to Ducon Technologies Inc., totaling $3,413,840 and $119,055 at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
respectively. These notes are unsecured and carry 5% interest per annum. 

NOTE 15   SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  

Series A Preferred Stock  

The Company is authorized
to issue 10,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value. As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, there
were 1,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Each issued and outstanding
Series A Preferred Share shall be entitled to the number of votes equal to the result of: (i) the number of shares of common stock
of the Company issued and outstanding at the time of such vote multiplied by 1.01; divided by (ii) the total number of Series A
Preferred Shares issued and outstanding at the time of such vote, at each meeting of shareholders of the Company with respect to
any and all matters presented to the shareholders of the Company for their action or consideration, including the election of directors.
Holders of Series A Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of Common Shares as a single class. 

During the year ending
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not issue any Series A Preferred Stock. 

Common Stock  

On April 3, 2015, our Board
of Directors approved a reverse split of our common stock, par value $0.001, at a ratio of one-for-six. This reverse stock split
became effective on April 15, 2015 and, unless otherwise indicated, all share amounts. Per share data, share prices, exercise prices
and conversion rates set forth in this Report and the accompanying consolidated financial statements have, where applicable, been
adjusted retroactively to reflect this reverse stock split. 

On June 25, 2015 the Company s
common stock commenced trading on the NASDAQ Capital Markets under the symbol  CETX . 

The Company is authorized
to issue 20,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value. As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, there were 9,460,283
and 7,158,087 shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

During the year ending
September 30, 2016 the company issued 2,302,196 shares of Common Stock. During the year ended September 30, 2015 the company issued
391,500 shares of Common Stock. 

During the year ending
September 30, 2014 the company issued stock options for 100,000 shares to three key executives of ROB Cemtrex GmbH. These options
have a call price of $1.80 per share, vest over four years, and expire after six years. During the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 zero and 16,264 shares of common stock were issued in relation to these options, respectively. 

On February 12, 2016, the
Company granted a stock option for 200,000 shares to Saagar Govil, Company s Chairman and CEO. These options have a call
price of $1.70 per share, and expire after six years. As of September 30, 2016 no shares under this option have been exercised. 

During the year ending
September 30, 2016 the company issued 1,919,492 shares of common stock to satisfy $2,952,500 of convertible notes payable.
During the year ending September 30, 2015 the company issued 371,069 shares of common stock to satisfy $658,000 of convertible
notes payable (see NOTE 11 CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE). 

NOTE 16   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Our IPS segment leases
(i) approx. 5,000 sq. ft. of office and warehouse space in Liverpool, New York from a third party in a five year lease at a monthly
rent of $2,200 expiring on March 31, 2018, (ii) approximately 2000 square feet of office on a month to month rental from a third
party in Hong Kong at a monthly rental of $4,133.00, (iii)  approximately 25,000 sq. ft. of warehouse space in
Manchester, PA from a third party in a seven year lease at a monthly rent of $7,300 expiring on December 13, 2020, (iv) approximately
43,000 sq. ft. of office and warehouse space in York, PA from a third party in a ten year lease at a monthly rent of $22,625 expiring
on March 23, 2026, (v) approximately 15,500 sq. ft. of warehouse space in Emigsville, PA from a third party in a one year lease
at a monthly rent of $4,337 expiring on August 31, 2016, and (vi) the Company leases its principal office at Farmingdale, New
York, 4,000 square feet of office and warehouse/shop space in a single story commercial structure on a month to month lease from
Ducon Technologies Inc., a company controlled by Aron Govil, Executive Director of the Company, at a monthly rental of $4,000.. 

Our EMS segment owns a
70,000 sq. ft. manufacturing building in Neulingen, Germany which has a 17 year 3.00% interest mortgage with monthly mortgage payments
of  25,000, through March 2031. The EMS segment also leases (i) a 10,000 sq. ft. manufacturing facility in Sibiu, Romania
from a third party in a ten year lease at a monthly rent of  8,000 expiring on May 31, 2019, (ii) approximately 100,000 sq.
ft. of office, warehouse and manufacturing space in Paderborn, Germany at monthly rental of  54,100 which expires on March
31, 2017, (iii) approximately 50,000 sq. ft. of office, warehouse space in Paderborn, Germany at a monthly rental of  27,050
which expires on March 31, 2017. 

NOTE 17   INCOME TAX PROVISION  

The Company accounts for
income taxes under the provisions of FASB ASC 740,  Income Taxes , formerly referenced as SFAS No.109,  Accounting
for Income Taxes . Under the provisions of FASB ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future
tax consequences attributable to differences between their financial statement carrying values and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

Significant judgment is
required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance,
the Company considers all available evidence including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility
of tax planning strategies. In the event that the Company changes its determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that
can be realized, the Company will adjust its valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes
in the period in which such determination is made. 

The provision for income
taxes is as follows: 

The foreign provision for
income taxes is based on foreign pre-tax earnings of $5,965,747, and $2,806,427 in 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company s
consolidated financial statements provide for any related tax liability on undistributed earnings that the Company does not intend
to be indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. Substantially all of the Company s undistributed international earnings intended
to be indefinitely reinvested in operations outside the U.S. 

Reconciliation of the federal
statutory income tax rate to the effective income tax rate is as follows: 

At September 30, 2015 and
2014, the Company has no net operating loss carryovers. 

NOTE 18  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On October 31, 2016 Cemtrex
announced that it had entered into a Letter of Intent to acquire an electronics manufacturing solutions company ( Target )
based in the Silicon Valley area. The Target Company is focused on electronic manufacturing services primarily for global leading
semiconductor customers as well as OEMs in the medical, industrial, telecommunications industries. The Target Company has averaged
$7 million in annual revenues over the last two years. The company also has an office in India to support the engineering  
prototype development and operational activities. 

In December 2016, we commenced
a subscription rights offering to our stockholders to raise up to $15.0 million through the sale of units, each consisting of one
share of our series 1 preferred stock, paying cumulative dividends at the rate of 10% of the purchase price per year, and two five-year
series 1 warrants, upon the exercise of subscription rights at $10.00 per unit. The rights offering extends through January 2017
and may be extended thereafter. 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 ex10-13.htm

EXHIBIT
10.13  

NONSTATUTORY
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT  

CEMTREX
Inc.  

Cemtrex
Inc.(the  Corporation ) and, Saagar Govil (the  Optionee ) an employee of the Corporation, in consideration
of the covenants and agreements herein contained and intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows:  

SECTION
1:  Grant   

1.1
 Grant of Option . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement (this  Agreement )
the Corporation hereby grants to the Optionee a stock option (the  Option ) to purchase 200,000 (Two Hundred Thousand)
shares of the Corporation s common stock, par value $.001, (the  Common Stock ) from the Corporation at a price
of $ 1 .70 (One Dollar and seventy cents) per share (the  Option Price ), which is the Fair Market Value of the shares
of Common Stock covered by the Option on February 12, 2016 (the  Grant Date ).  

1.2
 Acceptance . The Optionee accepts the grant of the Option confirmed hereby, and agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions
of this Agreement, as the Agreement may be amended from time to time;  provided, however,  that no alteration, amendment,
revocation or termination of the Agreement shall, without the written consent of the Optionee, adversely affect the rights of
the Optionee with respect to the Option.  

SECTION
2:  Vesting, Exercise and Expiration   

2.1        Vesting .
Subject to Sections 3 and 4.8 of this Agreement, the Option will vest and become exercisable in annual installments over a two-year
vesting period according to the following vesting schedule:  

1/2
of the Option will vest upon the 1 st  anniversary of the Grant Date;and balance 1/2 of the Option will vest upon the
2 nd  anniversary of the Grant Date; provided that  the Optionee is employed by the Corporation on such anniversary,
with all fractional shares, if any, rounded up and vesting as whole shares upon the earlier vesting date(s).  Corporation, 
when used herein with reference to employment of the Optionee, shall include any Affiliate or subsidiary of the Corporation. To
the extent vested, the Option may be exercised in whole or in part from the date of vesting through and including the Option Expiration
Date, as defined in Section 2.3 hereof, subject to any limits provided in Section 3.  

2.2        Exercise .
This Option shall be exercised by the Optionee by delivering to the Corporation s office at 19 Engineers Lane, Farmingdale,
NY 1 1735, USA, Attention: Company Secretary (i) this Agreement signed by the Optionee, (ii) a written (including electronic)
notification specifying the number of shares which the Optionee then desires to purchase, (iii) a check payable to the order of
the Corporation, which may include cash forwarded through the broker or other agent-sponsored exercise or financing program approved
by the Corporation, equal in value to the aggregate Option Price of such shares. As soon as practicable after each exercise of
this Option and compliance by the Optionee with all applicable conditions, the Corporation will issue the number of shares of
Common Stock, which the Optionee is entitled to receive upon such exercise under the provisions of this Agreement.  

2.3        Expiration .
The Option shall expire and cease to be exercisable on the earlier of (a) either (i) the last trading day immediately preceding
the six year anniversary of the Grant Date or, if earlier, (ii) the date of cancellation provided for in Section 4.6 (the earlier
of (i) and (ii) referred to as the  Option Expiration Date ) or (b) the expiration date provided for in Section 3.  

SECTION
3:  Termination of Employment and Disability   

3.1       
 Termination of Employment.   

(a)
 General.  If the Optionee s employment with the Corporation is terminated for whatever reasons then the vested portion
of the Option will not be impacted by such event and shall remain valid until the term outlined in section 2.3. In the event the
Optionee is disabled or dies then his authorized representative or rightful successor shall have full right over the vested portion
of the option until the term outlined in section 2.3  

3.2       
 Specified Terminations of Employment.   

(a)
If the Optionee s employment is terminated by the Corporation or if the Optionee terminates his employment with the Corporation,
the unvested portion of the Option will expire on the Termination Date.  

SECTION
4:  Miscellaneous   

4.1        No
Right to Employment.  Neither the grant of the Option nor anything else contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to limit
or restrict the right of the Corporation to terminate the Optionee s employment at any time, for any reason, with or without
cause.  

4.2            Nontransferable.
 This Option may not be transferred except by the Optionee upon his or her death or disability. No other assignment or transfer
of this Option, or of the rights represented thereby, whether voluntary or involuntary, by operation of law or otherwise shall
be permitted, but immediately upon any such assignment or transfer this Option shall terminate and become of no further effect.
During the Optionee s life this Option shall be exercisable only by the Optionee, and after the Optionee s death the
Option shall remain subject to any restrictions on exercise and otherwise as if held by the Optionee. Whenever the word  Optionee 
is used in any provision of this Option under circumstances where the provision should logically be construed to apply to the
executors, the administrators or other persons to whom this Option may be transferred, the word  Optionee  shall be
deemed to include such person or persons.   

4.3        Compliance
with Laws . Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Optionee hereby agrees that he or she will not exercise the Option,
and that the Corporation will not be obligated to issue any shares to the Optionee hereunder, if the exercise thereof or the issuance
of such shares shall constitute a violation by the Optionee or the Corporation of any provision of law or regulation of any governmental
authority. Any determination in this connection by the Corporation shall be final, binding and conclusive. The Corporation shall
in no event be obliged to register any securities pursuant to the Securities Act of 1 933 (as the same shall be in effect from
time to time) or to take any other affirmative action in order to cause the exercise of the Option or the issuance of shares pursuant
thereto to comply with any law or regulation of any governmental authority.  

4.4        Nonstatutory
Stock Option . The parties hereto agree that the Option granted hereby is not, and should not be construed to be, an incentive
stock option under Section 422 of the Code.  

4.5        Tax
Consequences . In each case where the Optionee exercises this Option in whole or in part, the Optionee shall be responsible
for the amount of income tax, if any, required under federal and, where applicable, state and local law, and the Optionee shall,
pay such taxes and shall provide a copy of such remittance to the Corporation. The Corporation shall have no liability whatsoever
for the Optionee s tax obligations.  

4.6
       Forfeiture and Repayment . If:  

(a)
during the course of the Optionee s employment with the Corporation or, if longer, the period during which this Option is
outstanding, the Optionee engages in conduct or it is discovered that the Optionee engaged in conduct that is materially adverse
to the interests of the Corporation, including failures to comply with the Corporation  s rules or regulations, fraud, or
conduct contributing to any financial restatements or irregularities;  

[(c)/(d)]
following termination of the Optionee s employment with the Corporation for any reason, with or without cause, the Optionee
violates any post-termination obligations or duties owed to the Corporation or its Affiliates or any agreement with the Corporation
or its Affiliates, including without limitation, any employment agreement, confidentiality agreement or other agreement restricting
post-employment conduct;  

the
Corporation may cancel all or any portion of this Option with respect to the shares not yet exercised and/or require repayment
of any shares (or the value thereof) or amounts which were acquired from exercise of the Option. The Corporation shall have sole
discretion to determine what constitutes such conduct.  

4.7        Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, in USA other than
any choice of Jaw rules calling for the application of Jaws of another jurisdiction.  

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the Grant Date.  

CEMTREX
    Inc.   

By: Name   Title   

Renato
    Dela Rama   CFO    

/s/
    Renato Dela Rama    

OPTIONEE   

Name:   

Saagar
    Govil     

/s/
    Saagar Govil    

Dated: February
    12, 2016   

s  

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1   

SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE REGISTRANT   

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
PERSUANT TO RULE 13a/15d OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PERSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I,
Saagar Govil, certify that:  

1.
      
      I
    have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Cemtrex, Inc., for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016;   

2.
      
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.
      
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.
      
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.
      
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)
      
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonable likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)
      
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal controls over financial reporting.   

Date:
    December 28, 2016  
       /s/
    Saagar Govil    

Saagar
    Govil,   

Chairman
    of the Board, CEO,   

President
      Secretary (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
PERSUANT TO RULE 13a/15d OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PERSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I,
Renato Dela Rama certify that:  

1.
      
      I
    have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Cemtrex, Inc., for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016;   

2.
      
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.
      
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.
      
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
    procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
    in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)
      
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)
      
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)
      
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)
      
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.
      
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)
      
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonable likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)
      
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal controls over financial reporting.   

Date:
    December 28, 2016   
       /s/
    Renato Dela Rama     

Renato
    Dela Rama   

Vice
    President of Finance (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the annual report of Cemtrex, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Saagar Govil,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief:  

(1)  
      the
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
    of the Company.   

Dated:
    December 28, 2016   
       /s/
    Saagar Govil    

Saagar
    Govil,   

Chairman
    of the Board, CEO,    

President
      Secretary (Principal Executive Officer)   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise
adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to
the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the annual report of Cemtrex, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Renato Dela Rama,
Vice President of Finance of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief:  

(1)  
      the
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
    of the Company.   

Dated:
    December 28, 2016  
       /s/
    Renato Dela Rama    

Renato
    Dela Rama,   

Vice
    President of Finance (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise
adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to
the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 cetx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cetx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cetx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cetx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cetx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cetx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

