<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1517650_0001517650-16-000260_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6146085</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>128009</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>326825</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2135221</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2492996</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>928570</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>44</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001517650-16-000260.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104065026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001517650-16-000260
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001517650
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				451505676
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54450
		FILM NUMBER:		161973578

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7601 INTERACTIVE WAY
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46278
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(317) 872-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7601 INTERACTIVE WAY
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46278

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001517650-16-000260.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 inin-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C.  20549 
  ____________ 
  FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016 
  Or 

For the transition period from ____________to____________ 
  Commission File Number:     000-54450     
    
  INTERACTIVE INTELLIGENCE GROUP, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Indiana 
  (State or other jurisdiction 
  of incorporation or organization) 
      
    45-1505676 
  (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
        
      7601 Interactive Way 
  Indianapolis, IN 46278 
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
        
      (317) 872-3000 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
        
      Not Applicable 
  (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes          No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
                 Yes                
    No          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One): 
                                   Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes           No       
  As of   October 31, 2016  , there were   22,348,615   shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, $0.01 par value. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                   PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
    Page 

Item 1. 
     Financial Statements.  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
    2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    4 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016  
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
    22 

Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
    38 

Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures.  
    38 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings.  
    39 

Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors.  
    39 

Item 6. 
     Exhibits.  
    41 

SIGNATURE  
      
    42 

1 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015    
  (in thousands, except share amounts) 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   2 

Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  For the   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  (in thousands, except share amounts) 
  (unaudited) 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   3 

Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

4 

Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statement     of Shareholders' Equity 
  For the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   5 

Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  For the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  
   6 

Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  September 30, 2016     and 2015     (unaudited) 

1. 
    FINANCIAL STATEMENT PRESENTATION 
     The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "the Company," "we," "us" and "our") have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and with the instructions for Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X for interim financial information. Accordingly, certain information and note disclosures normally included in the Company s financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed, or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). 
    
  The preparation of the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities, at the respective balance sheet dates, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods. Despite management s best effort to establish good faith estimates and assumptions, actual results could differ from these estimates. In management s opinion, the Company s accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments necessary (which are of a normal and recurring nature, except as otherwise noted) for the fair presentation of the results of the interim periods presented. 
    
  The Company s accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements as of   December 31, 2015   have been derived from the Company s audited consolidated financial statements at that date but do not include all of the information and notes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. These accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , included in the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016. The Company s results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for any other interim period or for a full fiscal year. 
    
  Principles of Consolidation 
    
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries after elimination of all significant intercompany accounts and transactions.  
    
  Pending Merger 
  On August 30, 2016, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "merger agreement") with Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories, Inc., a California corporation ("Genesys"), Giant Merger Sub Inc., an Indiana corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesys ("Merger Sub"), and, solely for the purposes of Section 5.16 of the merger agreement, Greeneden Lux 3 S.  R.L., a societe a responsabilite limitee under the laws of Luxembourg, Greeneden U.S. Holdings I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Greeneden U.S. Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the "merger").  
  The merger agreement provides, among other things, that at the effective time of the merger (the "effective time"), Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company, and each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company, other than shares of common stock owned directly by the Company, Genesys or Merger Sub as of immediately prior to the effective time or shares of common stock owned directly by any subsidiary of the Company, any subsidiary of Genesys (other than Merger Sub) or any subsidiary of Merger Sub as of immediately prior to the effective time, will be converted automatically into the right to receive $60.50 in cash, without interest. 
  At the effective time, each stock option that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time and that is vested as of August 30, 2016 or becomes vested prior to the effective time in accordance with its terms or the terms of the merger agreement will, as of the effective time, be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (less applicable withholdings and deductions) equal to the product of (x) the excess, if any, of   $60.50   over the exercise price per share of such vested stock option and (y) the total number of shares subject to such vested stock option. The merger agreement provides for (1) unvested stock options scheduled to vest on or prior to December 31, 2017 to vest at the effective time and (2) certain other unvested stock options of the Company's directors, executive officers and certain of the Company's other employees to vest at the effective time.   
  
   7 

Each stock option that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time and that is unvested immediately prior to the effective time (and does not become vested in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement) will as of the effective time, automatically convert into an award to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the excess, if any, of   $60.50   over the exercise price per share of such unvested stock option and (y) the total number of shares subject to such unvested stock option. Such converted award will remain subject to the same vesting terms and conditions that applied to such award immediately prior to the effective time, including continued employment through the applicable vesting date. Payments will be made, less applicable withholdings and deductions, promptly following the applicable vesting date.  
  At the effective time, each restricted stock unit ("RSU") that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time that becomes vested at the effective time in accordance with its terms or the terms of the merger agreement will, as of the effective time, automatically convert into the right to receive an amount in cash (less applicable withholdings and deductions) equal to the product of (x) the total number of shares subject to such vested RSU and (y)   $60.50  . The merger agreement provides for (1) unvested RSUs scheduled to vest on or prior to December 31, 2017 to vest at the effective time and (2) certain other unvested RSUs of the Company's directors, executive officers and certain of the Company's other employees to vest at the effective time.  
  Each RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time and that is unvested immediately prior to the effective time (and does not become vested in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement), will, as of the effective time, automatically convert into an award to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the total number of shares subject to such unvested RSU and (y)   $60.50  . Such converted award will remain subject to the same vesting terms and conditions that applied to such award immediately prior to the effective time, including continued employment through the applicable vesting date. Payments will be made, less applicable withholdings and deductions, promptly following the applicable vesting date. 
  The Company, Genesys and Merger Sub have made customary representations and warranties in the merger agreement, and each has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to consummate the merger. The Company has also agreed to various covenants in the merger agreement, including, among others, (i) to conduct its business in all material respects in the ordinary course consistent with past practice during the period between the execution of the merger agreement and the effective time of the merger and (ii) to cause a special meeting of the Company s shareholders to be held to consider the approval of the merger agreement. 
  The consummation of the merger is subject to the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"). In accordance with the HSR Act, the Company and Genesys filed their respective Premerger Notification and Report Forms on September 13, 2016. On October 12, 2016, the Federal Trade Commission granted early termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act. The termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act satisfies one of the conditions necessary for the consummation of the merger. Completion of the merger is also subject to obtaining the required approval under the applicable antitrust laws in South Africa. The Company and Genesys filed a Merger Notice with the South African Competition Commission (the "Commission") on September 16, 2016.  On October 26, 2016, the Commission issued a Merger Clearance Certificate approving the merger without any conditions.  The receipt of this competition clearance under South African antitrust laws satisfies one of the conditions necessary for consummation of the merger. All antitrust clearance required to consummate the merger has now been received.  
  Consummation of the merger is also subject to various other conditions, including, (i) the approval of the merger agreement by at least a majority of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock entitled to vote on the proposal, (ii) the absence of any injunction or order by any court of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of the merger and the absence of any law that prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the merger, (iii) if a request by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ("CFIUS") occurs prior to the effective time, the obtaining of CFIUS clearance, (iv) the accuracy of the other party's representations and warranties in the merger agreement, subject to certain qualifications, (v) the other party's material performance of and compliance with its covenants contained in the merger agreement and (vi) in the case of Genesys' obligations, there having been no material adverse effect with respect to the Company since August 30, 2016. The transaction is expected to close before the end of calendar year 2016. 
  The merger agreement contains certain termination rights for the Company and Genesys. Following termination of the merger agreement under specified circumstances generally relating to a competing transaction, the Company may be required to pay Genesys a termination fee of   $43 million  . The merger agreement also provides that Genesys may be required to pay the Company a reverse termination fee of   $86 million   under specified circumstances. In no event will either the Company or Genesys be required to pay the termination fee more than once. In addition, subject to certain limitations, either party may terminate the merger agreement if the merger is not consummated by January 31, 2017.  
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred costs associated with the merger of   $1.6 million  , which consisted of professional and legal fees and were expensed within general and administrative expenses on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

8 

2. 
    SUMMARY OF CERTAIN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
       
  For a complete summary of the Company s significant accounting policies and critical accounting estimates, refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued FASB Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation   ("FASB ASU 2016-09"), which includes the simplification of several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. Public business entities must apply the new requirements in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. The Company has elected not to early adopt the amendments. The Company is evaluating the effect that FASB ASU 2016-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued FASB ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases   ("FASB ASU 2016-02"), which amends the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring companies to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Public business entities must apply the new requirements in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those years. All entities have the option of applying the amendments as of an earlier date for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The Company is evaluating the effect that FASB ASU 2016-02 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued FASB ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers   ("FASB ASU 2014-09"), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. FASB ASU 2014-09, as amended by subsequently issued ASUs, will replace most existing U.S. GAAP revenue recognition guidance when it becomes effective. As originally issued, the new standard was to become effective for the Company on January 1, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. In August 2015, the FASB issued FASB ASU No. 2015-14, Deferral of the Effective Date, which declared a one-year deferral of the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard. As a result, the new standard will become effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter of 2018. FASB ASU 2014-09 permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company expects to elect the retrospective transition method once the new standard becomes effective for the Company and is evaluating the effect that FASB ASU 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet determined the effect of the guidance on its ongoing financial reporting. 
    
  The Company capitalizes certain costs related to its multi-tenant cloud offering, PureCloud        ("PureCloud"), and certain projects described below for internal use in accordance with FASB ASC 350-40,   Internal Use Software  . Once a product has reached the development stage, internal and external costs, if direct and incremental, are capitalized until the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. The capitalization of costs ceases upon completion of all substantial testing. Costs incurred in the preliminary stages of development, maintenance and training costs are expensed as incurred. During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company capitalized   $300,000   and   $1.5 million  , respectively, of costs related to the development of its PureCloud Platform, compared to the capitalization of   $900,000   and   $11.7 million   during the same periods in 2015. The Company will continue to evaluate the need to capitalize development costs related to new PureCloud functionality and will begin amortizing such costs once that functionality is released for general availability.  
    
  The Company also capitalizes costs related to implementing new business systems to meet its internal business needs. The Company has no substantive plans to market such software externally. During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company capitalized   $2.4 million   and   $3.2 million  , respectively, of costs associated with development and implementation of these systems, compared to the capitalization of   $500,000   and   $3.5 million   during the same periods in 2015. 
    
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , there were no other material changes to the Company s significant accounting policies or critical accounting estimates. 

9 

3. 
    NET LOSS     PER SHARE 
       
  Basic net loss per share is calculated based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 260,   Earnings per Share  . Diluted net income per share is calculated based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the effect of dilutive potential common shares. When the Company reports a net loss, the calculation of diluted net loss per share excludes potential common shares as the effect would be anti-dilutive. Potential common shares consist of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options and vesting of RSUs. The following table sets forth the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

The Company s calculation of diluted net loss per share for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   excludes RSUs and stock options to purchase approximately   157,000   and   266,000   shares of the Company s common stock, respectively, compared to   639,000   and   578,000   shares during the same periods in 2015, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

4. 
    INVESTMENTS 
       
  FASB ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurement   ("FASB ASC 820"), as amended, defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. FASB ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes the following three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1   - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities. 
                
    Level 2   - Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.   
                
    Level 3   - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
       
  The Company s short-term investments all mature in less than   one   year and its long-term investments all mature within   three   years. Both short-term and long-term investments are considered available for sale. The Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis are classified within Level 1 or Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The types of instruments valued based on quoted market prices in active markets include money market securities. Such instruments are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company invests in money market funds that are traded daily and does not adjust the quoted price for such instruments. The types of instruments valued based on quoted prices in less active markets, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency include corporate notes, U.S. government securities, asset-backed securities, agency bonds and commercial paper. Such instruments are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company uses consensus pricing, which is based on multiple pricing sources, to value its fixed income investments.  

10 

The following table sets forth a summary of the Company s financial assets, classified as cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments on its condensed consolidated balance sheets, measured at fair value as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

11 

5. 
    ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK 
       
  The Company evaluates the creditworthiness of its customers and partners on a periodic basis and generally does not require collateral. The Company records unbilled accounts receivable, which represents amounts recognized as revenues for invoices that have not yet been sent to customers. This balance fluctuates depending on the contractual billing milestones and work performed related to projects specified in the contract. When the work performed is ahead of the billing milestones related to a services engagement, unbilled accounts receivable will be recorded. The balance of unbilled accounts receivable recorded within accounts receivable on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $9.4 million   and   $9.6 million  , respectively. 
    
  In addition, the Company records deferred revenues, which represent cash collections for which the Company cannot yet recognize revenues. The balance of deferred revenues also fluctuates depending on the contractual billing milestones and work performed related to projects specified in the contract. When the billing milestones and related cash collections occur prior to the product or service being delivered, deferred revenues will be recorded. The balance of deferred revenues recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $134.4 million   and   $135.4 million  , respectively. 
    
  No   customer or partner accounted for more than   10%   of the Company s accounts receivable as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015   or for more than   10%   of the Company s revenues for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   or   2015  . The Company s top   five   partners collectively represented   18%   and   14%   of the Company s accounts receivables balance at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

6. 
    STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
       
  Stock Option Plan 
    
  The Company s  2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and as assumed by Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. (the "2006 Plan") authorizes the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee, as applicable, to grant incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares, performance units and other stock-based awards. After adoption of the 2006 Plan by the Company s shareholders in May 2006, the Company may no longer make any grants under previous plans. At the Company s 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on May 18, 2016, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the 2006 Plan which increased the number of shares available for issuance under the 2006 Plan by   2,600,000   shares. A maximum of   11,650,933   shares are available for delivery under the 2006 Plan. The number of shares available under the 2006 Plan is subject to adjustment for certain changes in the Company s capital structure. The exercise price of options granted under the 2006 Plan is equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock, as reported by The NASDAQ Global Select Market, on the business day immediately preceding the date of grant. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   2,983,674   shares of stock available for issuance for equity compensation awards under the 2006 Plan. 
    
  The Company has historically granted both time-based and performance-based RSUs and   three   types of stock options. The Company's stock options are all granted with a term of six years from the grant date. The first type of stock option is subject only to time-based vesting. These stock options have historically been granted by the Company as annual grants to executives and other employees, to certain new employees and to newly-elected non-employee directors. These stock options vest in   four   equal annual installments beginning   one year   after the grant date.  The fair value of these option grants is determined on the date of grant and the related compensation expense is recognized for the entire award on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 
    
  The second type of stock option granted by the Company is performance-based and is subject to cancellation if the specified performance targets are not met. If the applicable performance targets have been achieved, the options will vest in   four   equal annual installments beginning   one year   after the grant date. The fair value of these stock option grants is determined on the date of grant and the related compensation expense is recognized on a tranche-by-tranche basis, with each tranche expensed equally over the requisite service period, including the initial period for which the specified performance targets must be met. 

12 

The third type of stock option granted by the Company is director options and have historically been granted to non-employee directors annually at the Company's Annual Meeting of Shareholders during the second quarter of a fiscal year. These options are similar to the time-based options described above except that these director options vest   one year   after the grant date. The fair value of these option grants is determined on the date of the grant and the related compensation expense is recognized over   one year  .  
    
  If an incentive stock option is granted to an employee who, at the time the option is granted, owns stock representing more than 10% percent of the voting power of all classes of our stock, the exercise price of the option may not be less than 110% of the market value per share on the date the option is granted and the term of the option shall be not more than five years from the date of grant.  
    
  Performance-based and time-based RSUs can be granted by the Company to directors, executives, certain key employees and certain new employees. The fair value of the RSUs is determined on the date of grant. Time-based RSUs granted to executives, certain key employees, certain new employees and newly-elected non-employee directors vest in four equal annual installments beginning one year after the grant date. Time-based RSUs granted annually to non-employee directors vest in full one year after the grant date. Performance-based RSUs vest in four equal annual installments once the individual has achieved the performance targets and the related compensation expense is recognized on a tranche-by-tranche basis, with each tranche expensed equally over the requisite service period. RSUs are not included in issued and outstanding common stock until the shares are vested and settlement has occurred.  
    
  During 2015, the Company elected to grant performance-based and time-based RSUs to directors, executives, certain key employees and certain new employees. During 2016, the Company utilized time-based and performance-based stock options and time-based and performance-based RSUs for stock-based compensation. 
    
  The 2006 Plan may be terminated by the Company s Board of Directors at any time. 
    
  Stock-Based Compensation Expense Information 
    
  The following table summarizes the allocation of stock-based compensation expense related to employee and director stock options and RSUs under FASB ASC Topic 718,   Compensation   Stock Compensation   ("FASB ASC 718") for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 

During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company capitalized   $14,000   and   $136,000  , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to capitalized software, compared to   $100,000   and   $1.3 million  , respectively, during the same periods in 2015. 
    
  Stock Option and RSU Valuation 
    
  The Company estimated the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model. 
  
   13 

There were   no   stock options granted during the first nine months of 2015. The weighted-average estimated per option value of time-based and performance-based options granted under the 2006 Plan during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   used the following assumptions: 

RSUs are valued using the fair market value of the Company s stock on the date of grant and expense is recognized on a straight line basis taking into account an estimated forfeiture rate. 
    
  Stock Option and RSU Activity 
    
  The following table sets forth a summary of stock option activity for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

14 

The following table sets forth information regarding the Company s stock options outstanding and exercisable as of   September 30, 2016  : 

The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the quarter ended ended   September 30, 2016   was   $4.0 million  . The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   was   $29.6 million   and the aggregate intrinsic value of options currently exercisable as of   September 30, 2016   was   $16.9 million  . The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total intrinsic value, based on the Company s closing stock price per share of   $60.14     as of   September 30, 2016  , which would have been realized by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options as of that date. The total number of in-the-money options     exercisable as of   September 30, 2016     represented approximately     604,222     shares with a weighted average exercise price of     $32.24  . 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $6.4 million   of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options. This expense is expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of   2.50   years. 
    
  The following table sets forth a summary of RSU activity for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  : 

As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $32.2 million   of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested RSUs. This expense is expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period of   2.68   years. 

15 

7. 
    INCOME TAXES 
       
  The Company s effective tax rate, without the effect of discrete items, for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   (12.8)%    and   (6.6)%  , respectively, compared to   (12.7)%   and   (10.0)%  , respectively, for the same periods in   2015  . During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded   $1.1 million   of benefit related to discrete items, including   $1.0 million   related to the release of the Company's Brazilian valuation allowance. During the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company recorded   $101,000   of expense related to discrete items. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , the Company recorded a net credit of   $1.6 million   related to discrete items, including a net credit of   $1.9 million   recorded during the first quarter of 2015 to correct an error in the Company's valuation reserve for deferred tax assets. With the effects of these discrete items, the Company s effective tax rate was   6.2%   and   (2.7)%   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   (13.8)%   and   (1.1)%   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively. The Company s effective tax rate for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was lower than the federal statutory tax rate of   35.0%   primarily because the Company continues to record a full valuation allowance related to its domestic deferred tax assets.  

8. 
    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
     Litigation Related to the Merger 
    
  On October 6, 2016, a putative class action lawsuit captioned   Scott Fischer v. Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc.  , et al., No. 1:16-cv-02666-TWP-MPB (the "Action") was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of Indiana, Indianapolis Division (the "Court") against the Company and its directors, alleging certain violations of Section 14(a) and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in connection with the definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed by the Company with the SEC on October 4, 2016 (the "Definitive Proxy Statement") for the proposed merger. In the Action, Plaintiff seeks, among other things, orders (i) certifying the lawsuit as a class action, (ii) enjoining the Company from closing the proposed merger until the Company discloses certain information, and (iii) rescinding the proposed merger if it is consummated or awarding damages to the Plaintiff and all other shareholders of the Company. On October 21, 2016, the Plaintiff filed a Motion for a Temporary Restraining Order and a Preliminary Injunction (the "Motion") to postpone the special meeting of the Company s shareholders scheduled to be held on November 9, 2016, until the Company discloses certain information regarding the proposed merger. On October 28, 2016, the Company and its directors filed their brief in opposition to the Motion. The Court set a hearing on the Motion for November 4, 2016. On November 1, 2016, the Plaintiff voluntarily dismissed the Action with prejudice. Also on November 1, 2016, the Court acknowledged Plaintiff s dismissal of the Action with prejudice, denied the Motion as moot, and vacated the hearing set for November 4, 2016. 
  Other Legal Proceedings 
    
  From time to time, the Company has received notification from competitors and other technology providers claiming that the Company s technology infringes upon their proprietary rights. The Company cannot provide assurance that these matters can be resolved amicably without litigation, or that the Company will be able to enter into licensing arrangements on terms and conditions that would not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company reduced its accrual related to its disputed royalty agreement with Avaya, Inc. ("Avaya") by   $2.1 million   due to a change in the Company s estimate of its expected liability as of June 30, 2016. This change in estimate resulted in a reduction to costs of license and hardware revenues on the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. On July 29, 2016, Avaya unilaterally terminated the royalty agreement. On August 1, 2016, the Company filed a lawsuit, captioned   Interactive Intelligence, Inc. v. Avaya, Inc.  , in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana. In the lawsuit, the Company is seeking restitution and/or compensatory damages from Avaya related to the royalty agreement and is seeking declarations that, among other things, the Company does not infringe certain patents owned or controlled by Avaya and that such patents are invalid. The Company intends to vigorously pursue its claims; however, the ultimate outcome of this lawsuit cannot presently be determined.   
    
  From time to time, the Company is also involved in certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of conducting its business. While the ultimate liability pursuant to these actions cannot currently be determined, the Company believes these legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. Litigation, in general, and intellectual property litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. 

16 

Guarantees 
  The Company provides indemnifications of varying scope and amount to certain customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of its product and service offerings. The Company s software license and subscription agreements include certain provisions for indemnifying customers, in material compliance with their license agreement, against liabilities if the Company s software products or services infringe upon a third party's intellectual property rights, over the life of the agreement. There is no maximum potential amount of future payments set under the guarantee. However, the typical arrangement states that the Company may at any time and at its option and expense:  (i) procure the right of the customer to continue to use the Company s software or services that may infringe a third party s rights; (ii) modify its software or services so as to avoid infringement; or (iii) require the customer to return its software or stop using the service and the Company will provide a refund to the customer depending on the type of offering (on-premises or cloud) used by such customer. The customer s failure to provide timely notice or reasonable assistance will relieve the Company of its obligations under this indemnification to the extent that it has been actually and materially prejudiced by such failure. To date, the Company has not incurred, nor does it expect to incur, any material related costs and, therefore, has not reserved for such liabilities, in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 460,   Guarantees  .   
  The Company s software license and subscription agreements also include a warranty that its software products and services will substantially conform to its software user documentation for a period of   one year  , provided the customer is in material compliance with the software license or subscription agreement. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs associated with these product warranties, and as such, has not reserved for any such warranty liabilities in its operating results. 

17 

Lease Commitments 
    
  The Company s world headquarters are located in approximately   425,000   square feet of space in   four   office buildings in Indianapolis, Indiana, the details of which are included below. 

In September 2016, the Company entered into a one-month lease agreement with Duke Realty Limited Partnership for HQ3. This one-month lease agreement will expire on October 31, 2016, and the Company plans to vacate this space at that time.  
    
  Other Contingencies 
    
  Effective March 6, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement with Verint Americas Inc. ("Verint"), with an initial term of   five   years. Under the terms of the agreement, Verint granted to the Company limited rights to sell Verint product and the Company agreed to pay Verint license fees. If sales of Verint product are not maintained at levels as stated in the agreement, the Company could potentially owe Verint up to   $5 million  . No accrual has been recorded as of   September 30, 2016  , as the Company anticipates selling at least the minimum amounts of Verint product set forth in the agreement.  
    
  The Company has received and may continue to receive certain payroll tax credits and real estate tax abatements that were granted to the Company based upon certain growth projections.  If the Company s actual results are less than those projections, the Company may be subject to repayment of some or all of the tax credits or payment of additional real estate taxes in the case of the abatements.  The Company does not believe that it will be subject to payment of any money related to these taxes; however, the Company cannot provide assurance as to the outcome. 

9. 
    DERIVATIVES 
       
  The Company enters into derivative contracts to mitigate its foreign currency risk associated with transacting business internationally.  The Company uses foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the revaluation exposure of its net monetary assets and liabilities including cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and certain intercompany payables and receivables.  These hedges are not designated under GAAP, and all realized and unrealized gains and losses are recorded as incurred within other income (expense) on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of operations.  The objective is to offset the gains and losses on the underlying exposures with the gains and losses from the forward contracts.  The Company s hedging policy prohibits entering into hedge contracts that are speculative in nature. 

18 

The Company records the fair value of its outstanding hedge contracts in other current assets and accrued liabilities depending upon the market value of the forward contracts at each balance sheet date.  The following table summarizes the notional amount and fair value of the Company s outstanding currency contracts at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively (in thousands): 

___________ 
           (1) 
    The fair value measurement of these derivative contracts falls within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as defined in FASB ASC 820. See Note 4 - Investments for further information. 
       
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the Company recorded hedging losses of   $185,000   and   $670,000  , respectively, compared to a hedging loss of   $139,000   and a hedging gain of   $281,000   for the same periods last year. 
    
  In May 2015, the Company issued   $150 million   aggregate principal amount of its   1.25%   convertible senior notes (the "Notes") due June 1, 2020, unless earlier purchased by the Company or converted. In connection with the pricing of the Notes, the Company entered into privately-negotiated capped call transactions (the "capped call transactions") with each of Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch and Royal Bank of Canada.  The capped call transactions cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the Notes, the number of shares of the Company's common stock that underlie the Notes. The Company used approximately   $12.8 million   of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes to pay the cost of the capped call transactions. The strike price of the purchased call option is the same as the initial conversion price per share of the Notes of   $61.24  . The capped call transactions have an initial cap price of   $79.38   per share. These capped call transactions are recorded within equity on the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and are not remeasured as long as they continue to meet the conditions for equity classification. 

In May 2015, the Company issued   $150 million   aggregate principal amount of its Notes due June 1, 2020, unless earlier purchased by the Company or converted. Interest is payable semi-annually, in arrears, on June 1 and December 1 of each year. The Company made its first interest payment on the Notes on December 1, 2015.  
    
  The Notes were sold in a private placement under a purchase agreement entered into by and among the Company and Morgan Stanley   Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, as representatives of the several initial purchasers named therein, for resale to qualified institutional buyers as defined in, and in reliance on, Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
    
  The Notes are governed by an indenture between the Company, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the "indenture"). The Notes are unsecured and do not contain any financial covenants or any restrictions on the payment of dividends or the incurrence of senior debt or other indebtedness.  

19 

If converted, holders of the Notes will receive, at the Company's election, cash, shares of the Company's common stock, or a combination of cash and shares. The initial conversion terms are as follows: 

Throughout the term of the Notes, the conversion rate may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events. Except for certain circumstances set forth in the indenture, holders of the Notes will not receive any cash payment representing accrued and unpaid interest upon conversion of a Note. Accrued but unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid in full upon conversion rather than canceled, extinguished or forfeited. 
    
  Holders may convert the Notes under the following circumstances: 
             
    during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on September 30, 2015 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock for at least   20   trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of   30   consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to   130%   of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; 
                
    during the   five   business day period after any   5   consecutive trading day period (the   measurement period  ) in which the trading price (as defined below) per   $1,000   principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than   98%   of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company's common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; 
                
    upon the occurrence of specified corporate transactions pursuant to the indenture; or 
        
  Holders of the Notes have the right to require the Company to repurchase for cash all or a portion of the Notes prior to maturity upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, including, among other things, a change of control, at a purchase price equal to   100%   of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, following certain corporate transactions that constitute a fundamental change, the Company is required to increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert the Notes in connection with such fundamental change. 
    
  In accounting for the issuances of the Notes, the Company separated the Notes into liability and equity components. The carrying amount of the liability component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar liability that does not have an associated convertible feature. The carrying amount of the equity component representing the conversion option was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from the par value of the Notes as a whole. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount ("debt discount") is amortized to interest expense over the term of the Notes using the effective interest rate method. The equity component is not remeasured as long as it continues to meet the conditions for equity classification. 
    
  In accounting for the transaction costs related to the issuance of the Notes, the Company allocated the total amount incurred to the liability and equity components based on their relative values. Transaction costs attributable to the liability component are being amortized to expense using the effective interest rate method over the term of the Notes, and transaction costs attributable to the equity component were netted with the equity component in shareholders  equity. 

20 

The Notes consisted of the following (in thousands): 

___________  
  (1)   The effective interest rate of the Notes is   6.25%  . The interest rate is based on the interest rates of similar liabilities at the time of issuance that did not have an associated convertible feature. 
  (2)   Included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   within convertible notes and is amortized over the term of the Notes using the effective interest rate method. 
    
  The total estimated fair value of the Notes at   September 30, 2016   was   $173.1 million  . The fair value was determined based on inputs that are observable in the market (Level 2) and was based on the closing trading price per   $100   of the Notes as of the last day of trading for the third quarter of 2016. 
    
  Based on the closing price of the Company s common stock of   $60.14   on   September 30, 2016  , the if-converted value of the Notes fell below the principal amount by approximately   $2.7 million  . Based on the terms of the Notes, the Notes were not convertible at any time during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  

21 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
    
  The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide our investors with an understanding of our past performance, our financial condition and our prospects and should be read in conjunction with other sections of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Investors should carefully review the information contained in this report under Part II, Item 1A "Risk Factors" and in the Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015  . The following will be discussed and analyzed: 

Forward-Looking Information 
                
    Overview and Recent Developments 
                
    Revenue and Business Highlights 
                 
    Liquidity and Capital Resources 
                
    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Forward-Looking Information 
    
  Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contain "forward-looking" information (as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) that involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by the use of such verbs as "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "intend," "plan," "may," "should," "will," "would," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," "feel" or similar verbs or conjugations of such verbs. This forward-looking information includes but is not limited to statements regarding our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, future financial performance (including our outlook for 2016 and beyond), future financial condition and other statements that are not historical facts.  
    
  If any of our assumptions on which the statements are based prove incorrect or should unanticipated circumstances arise, our actual results could materially differ from those anticipated by such forward-looking statements. The differences could be caused by a number of factors or combination of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: 

worldwide economic conditions and their impact on customer purchasing decisions;  
                
    rapid technological changes and competitive pressures in the industry;  
                
    our profitability;  
                
    risks related to our proposed merger with Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories, Inc. ("Genesys") and Giant Merger Sub Inc. ("Merger Sub") described below under "Overview and Recent Developments," including: 
                
    the inability to consummate the merger within the anticipated time period, or at all, due to the failure to obtain shareholder approval to approve the merger agreement (as defined below) or to satisfy the other conditions to the completion of the merger,  
                
    risks that the proposed merger disrupts our current plans and operations or affects our ability to retain or recruit key employees,  
                
    the effect of the announcement and pendency of the merger on our stock price, our business relationships (including, without limitation, with customers and suppliers), our operating results and our business generally,  
                
    the incurrence of costs, fees, expenses and charges related to the merger agreement or the merger, 
                
    risks related to diverting management s or other employees  attention from ongoing business operations and  
                
    limitations placed on our ability to operate our business under the merger agreement; and  
                
    our ability to: 
                
    manage successfully our growth,  
                
    meet debt service requirements,  
                
    manage successfully our increasingly complex third-party relationships resulting from the software and hardware components being licensed or sold with our product offerings,  
                
    maintain successful relationships with certain suppliers which may be impacted by the competition in the technology industry,  
                
    maintain successful relationships with our current and any new partners,  
                
    maintain and improve our current products,  
                
    develop new products,  
     
   22 

protect our proprietary rights and sensitive customer information adequately,  
                
    successfully integrate acquired businesses and  
                
    improve our brand and name recognition; 
       
  as well as other factors set forth in our Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filings. Readers of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. While we believe the assumptions on which the forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, there can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  

Overview and Recent Developments 
    
  We are a global provider of software and cloud services for customer engagement, communication and collaboration. We are the only vendor to be recognized by leading industry analyst firm Gartner, Inc. as a market leader in both its Magic Quadrant for Contact Center Infrastructure, Worldwide (for our on-premises offering) and its Magic Quadrant for Contact Center as a Service, North America (for our cloud offerings). We offer three types of products: on-premises software known as Interactive Intelligence Customer Interaction Center        ("CIC"); a single-tenant cloud service known as Interactive Intelligence Communications as a Service   SM    ("CaaS"); and a multi-tenant cloud service known as Interactive Intelligence PureCloud        ("PureCloud"). Our offerings are used across a wide variety of vertical industries, including accounts receivable management, banking, government, healthcare, insurance, manufacturing, outsourcing, utilities and retail, among others. We continue to invest in the development of both our on-premises and cloud offerings, with particular emphasis on our latest cloud services delivered by our PureCloud Platform. This cloud platform is designed as a set of components that work independently of each other to deliver coordinated services (a "microservices architecture"). The PureCloud Platform leverages Amazon Web Services ("AWS") and has a comprehensive set of features capable of delivering cloud services for organizations of all types and sizes. The first PureCloud services were released in North America in March 2015, and PureCloud is now available across the world.  
    
  For further information on our business and the products and services we offer, refer to the Part I, Item 1 "Business" section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Pending Merger 
  On August 30, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "merger agreement") with Genesys, Merger Sub and, solely for the purposes of Section 5.16 of the merger agreement, Greeneden Lux 3 S.  R.L., Greeneden U.S. Holdings I, LLC and Greeneden U.S. Holdings II, LLC, pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into us (the "merger").  
  The merger agreement provides, among other things, that at the effective time of the merger (the "effective time"), Merger Sub will be merged with and into us, and each issued and outstanding share of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, other than shares of common stock owned directly by us, Genesys or Merger Sub as of immediately prior to the effective time or shares of common stock owned directly by any of our subsidiaries, any subsidiary of Genesys (other than Merger Sub) or any subsidiary of Merger Sub as of immediately prior to the effective time, will be converted automatically into the right to receive $60.50 in cash, without interest. 
  At the effective time, each stock option that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time and that is vested as of August 30, 2016 or becomes vested prior to the effective time in accordance with its terms or the terms of the merger agreement will, as of the effective time, be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash (less applicable withholdings and deductions) equal to the product of (x) the excess, if any, of $60.50 over the exercise price per share of such vested stock option and (y) the total number of shares subject to such vested stock option. The merger agreement provides for (1) unvested stock options scheduled to vest on or prior to December 31, 2017 to vest at the effective time and (2) certain other unvested stock options of our directors, executive officers and certain of our other employees to vest at the effective time.   
  Each stock option that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time and that is unvested immediately prior to the effective time (and does not become vested in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement) will as of the effective time, automatically convert into an award to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the excess, if any, of $60.50 over the exercise price per share of such unvested stock option and (y) the total number of shares subject to such unvested stock option. Such converted award will remain subject to the same vesting terms and conditions that applied to such award immediately prior to the effective time, including continued employment through the applicable vesting date. Payments will be made, less applicable withholdings and deductions, promptly following the applicable vesting date.  
  
   23 

At the effective time, each RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time that becomes vested at the effective time in accordance with its terms or the terms of the merger agreement will, as of the effective time, automatically convert into the right to receive an amount in cash (less applicable withholdings and deductions) equal to the product of (x) the total number of shares subject to such vested RSU and (y) $60.50. The merger agreement provides for (1) unvested RSUs scheduled to vest on or prior to December 31, 2017 to vest at the effective time and (2) certain other unvested RSUs of our directors, executive officers and certain of our other employees to vest at the effective time.  
  Each RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time and that is unvested immediately prior to the effective time (and does not become vested in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement), will, as of the effective time, automatically convert into an award to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the total number of shares subject to such unvested RSU and (y) $60.50. Such converted award will remain subject to the same vesting terms and conditions that applied to such award immediately prior to the effective time, including continued employment through the applicable vesting date. Payments will be made, less applicable withholdings and deductions, promptly following the applicable vesting date. 
  We, along with Genesys and Merger Sub, have made customary representations and warranties in the merger agreement, and we each have agreed to use our respective reasonable best efforts to consummate the merger. We have also agreed to various covenants in the merger agreement, including, among others, (i) to conduct our business in all material respects in the ordinary course consistent with past practice during the period between the execution of the merger agreement and the effective time of the merger and (ii) to cause a special meeting of our shareholders to be held to consider the approval of the merger agreement. 
  The consummation of the merger is subject to the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the "HSR Act"). In accordance with the HSR Act, we and Genesys filed our respective Premerger Notification and Report Forms on September 13, 2016. On October 12, 2016, the Federal Trade Commission granted early termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act. The termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act satisfies one of the conditions necessary for the consummation of the merger. Completion of the merger is also subject to obtaining the required approval under the applicable antitrust laws in South Africa. We and Genesys filed a Merger Notice with the South African Competition Commission (the "Commission") on September 16, 2016.  On October 26, 2016, the Commission issued a Merger Clearance Certificate approving the merger without any conditions.  The receipt of this competition clearance under South African antitrust laws satisfies one of the conditions necessary for consummation of the merger. All antitrust clearance required to consummate the merger has now been received.  
  Consummation of the merger is also subject to various other conditions, including, (i) the approval of the merger agreement by at least a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote on the proposal, (ii) the absence of any injunction or order by any court of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of the merger and the absence of any law that prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the merger, (iii) if a request by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ("CFIUS") occurs prior to the effective time, the obtaining of CFIUS clearance, (iv) the accuracy of the other party's representations and warranties in the merger agreement, subject to certain qualifications, (v) the other party's material performance of and compliance with its covenants contained in the merger agreement and (vi) in the case of Genesys' obligations, there having been no material adverse effect with respect to us since August 30, 2016. The transaction is expected to close before the end of calendar year 2016. 
  The merger agreement contains certain termination rights for us and Genesys. Following termination of the merger agreement under specified circumstances generally relating to a competing transaction, we may be required to pay Genesys a termination fee of $43 million. The merger agreement also provides that Genesys may be required to pay us a reverse termination fee of $86 million under specified circumstances. In no event will either we or Genesys be required to pay the termination fee more than once. In addition, subject to certain limitations, either party may terminate the merger agreement if the merger is not consummated by January 31, 2017.  
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we incurred costs associated with the merger of   $1.6 million  , which consisted of professional and legal fees and were expensed within general and administrative expenses on our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 

24 

Financial Measures 
    
  Our management monitors certain key measures to assess our financial results. In particular, we track trends in recurring revenues, license and hardware revenues, overage fees from cloud subscriptions and contracted professional services from quarter to quarter and in comparison to the prior year actual results and current year projected amounts. We also review leading market indicators to identify trends in economic conditions. In addition to revenues, management reviews costs of revenue, operating expenses and staffing levels to ensure we are controlling costs. We also regularly examine operating cash flow and free cash flow (as defined below). Trends in revenue, operating expenses and net income or loss will affect cash flow, as will other factors such as cash collections on accounts receivables, cash used for vendor payments and capital expenditures. For additional discussions regarding trends, see "Revenue and Business Highlights," "Comparison of Results of Operations for the   Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  " and "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below. 
    
  Our management monitors diluted earnings per share ("EPS"), a key measure of performance also used by analysts and investors, based on accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). In addition to measures based on GAAP, our management monitors non-GAAP performance measures including operating income and margin, net income and EPS to analyze our business and also reviews Adjusted EBITDA. These non-GAAP measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, GAAP, and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. We calculate Adjusted EBITDA by adding back the following items to net loss: depreciation; amortization; interest expense, net; income tax expense; stock-based compensation expense; certain acquisition-related expenses; and other expense, which consists primarily of foreign exchange gains and losses. The other non-GAAP performance measures include revenue which was not recognized on a GAAP basis due to purchase accounting adjustments, exclude non-cash stock-based compensation expense, certain acquisition-related expenses, the amortization of certain intangible assets related to acquisitions and the amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs and adjust for non-GAAP income tax expense. Stock-based compensation expense, amortization of intangibles related to acquisitions, and amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs are non-cash. Non-GAAP income tax expense is pro forma, and is calculated as 40% of non-GAAP (loss) income before taxes. We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP results, when shown in conjunction with corresponding GAAP measures, provides useful information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends related to our core results of operations. Further, our management believes that these non-GAAP measures improve management's and investors' ability to compare our financial performance with other companies in the technology industry. Finally, our management also reviews financial statements that include these non-GAAP measures for its internal budgets. 
    
  Our management also monitors free cash flow, which we define as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and capitalized software. Management uses free cash flow to evaluate the amount of cash generated by our business that, after the capital investment needed to maintain and grow our business, can be used for repayment of debt and strategic opportunities, including investing in our business and strengthening our balance sheet, and believes that it enhances the understanding of the cash flows of our business for investors. 

25 

Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included below (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

26 

Revenue and     Business     Highlights 
    
  The table below shows our total revenues (in millions) for the most recent five quarters and the years ended   December 31, 2015  ,   2014   and   2013   and the percentage change over the prior year period. 

27 

Geographic Mix 
    
  The following table shows the percentage of revenues derived from each of our geographic regions for the periods presented: 

Foreign Currency Impact on Revenues and Profitability 
    
  Due to the continued strengthening of the US dollar against international currencies, we recognized $500,000 and $3.4 million less in revenue for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, than we would have utilizing foreign exchange rates in effect during the prior year periods. Since we operate in many international locations, the year-over-year change in foreign exchange rates positively impacted the expenses we recorded for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , resulting in a net negative impact on operating income of $105,000 and $481,000 for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively. 
    
  Convertible Notes Issuance 
    
  In May 2015, we issued $150 million aggregate principal amount of 1.25% convertible senior notes (the "Notes") due June 1, 2020, unless earlier purchased by us or converted. Interest is payable semi-annually, in arrears, on June 1 and December 1 of each year. See Note 10 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information related to our issuance of the Notes. For a discussion of the impact of the Notes offering on our liquidity and the expected use of the proceeds from the offering, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below. 

Comparison of Results of Operations for the     Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016     and   2015    
    
  Revenues 
    
  Our revenues include: (i) recurring revenues; (ii) license and hardware revenues; and (iii) services revenues. These revenues are generated through direct sales to customers and through our partner channels. 
    
  Recurring revenues include subscription revenues from our implemented cloud offerings and support fees from on-premises license agreements. The support fees are recognized over the support period, generally between one and three years. Cloud subscriptions have historically been for periods of up to five years; however, beginning in 2015, we began offering one year contracts for our CaaS offering and annual and month-to-month contracts for our PureCloud offering. These shorter contract lengths are designed to simplify the contracting process and accelerate sales cycles. 
    
  License and hardware revenues include license fees for on-premises software and sale of hardware. Not all on-premises software and hardware product sales are recognized as revenue when they are received because of product general availability, certain contractual terms or the collection history with particular customers or partners. Consequently, license and hardware revenues for any particular period not only reflect certain sales received in the current period, but also include certain sales received but deferred in previous periods and recognized in the current period. In addition, a portion of license and hardware sales are related to support and recognized over the support period as recurring revenues. 
    
  Services revenues primarily include professional and education services fees. Services revenues fluctuate based on the product implementation requirements of our customers and partners as well as the number of attendees at our training classes. Our PureCloud offering, by design, requires less professional services than our on-premises or CaaS offerings, which has reduced services revenues as more customers choose PureCloud. 
  
   28 

Recurring Revenues 
    
  The breakdown of recurring revenues was as follows: 

Cloud subscription revenues increased 41% and 42%, respectively, between the three and nine month periods in 2016 and 2015. These increases were due to new customer implementations, upgrades and additional subscriptions from or usage by existing customers. Our support fees increased with the continued growth of our installed base of on-premises customers. Renewal rates were consistent between the 2016 and 2015 periods. The average sales price per user for our cloud offerings varies from period to period, but remained consistent during the 2016 and 2015 periods. 
    
  Our unbilled future cloud subscription user revenues were $257.7 million and $305.6 million as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  These unbilled cloud subscription revenues are not included in deferred revenues on our balance sheet, but represent the remaining minimum value of non-cancellable agreements that have not been invoiced to the customer. Unbilled future cloud subscription revenues decreased year-over-year because the subscriptions for our CaaS offering have primarily been one year in length since the beginning of 2015, compared to contracts that were historically three to five years in length prior to 2015. Additionally, in 2015, we began offering PureCloud, which are typically month-to-month contracts. 

29 

License     and Hardware     Revenues 
    
  License and hardware revenues increased during both the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to the recognition of a significant contract received during the third quarter of 2016 and also, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the recognition of a significant contract received during the second quarter of 2016. 
    
  Services Revenues 
    
  Services revenues decreased during both the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in 2015 primarily due to more services being delivered by our partners as well as the increase in PureCloud subscriptions as a percentage of our total sales. As cloud subscriptions, particularly PureCloud, continue to become a greater percentage of our total sales, our services revenues may continue to decline because our cloud subscriptions require less professional services than our on-premises and single-tenant cloud offerings. 
    
  Costs of Revenues 
    
  Our costs of revenues include the costs of:  (i) recurring revenues; (ii) license and hardware revenues; and (iii) services revenues.  
    
  Costs of recurring revenues consist primarily of compensation expenses for technical support personnel as well as costs associated with deploying our cloud offerings. Some costs related to our cloud offerings, such as equipment costs, are recognized over time, but others, such as compensation and travel-related expenses, are recognized as incurred.  Some of these costs are fixed while others are variable based on usage and call volume. Our recurring revenue margin has improved throughout 2015 and the first nine months of 2016 as this portion of our business has scaled and we have implemented operational efficiencies throughout our infrastructure. 
    
  Costs of license and hardware revenues consist of hardware costs (including media servers, Interaction Gateway        appliances and Interaction SIP Stations   TM    that we develop, as well as servers, telephone handsets and gateways that we purchase and resell), royalties for third-party software and other technologies included in our product offerings, as well as personnel costs and product distribution facility costs. These costs can fluctuate depending on which software products are licensed (including third-party software) and the dollar amount of sales for hardware and appliances. 
    
  Costs of services revenues consist primarily of compensation expenses for our professional services and educational personnel.  

30 

Costs of Recurring Revenues 
    
  Costs of recurring revenues were flat year-over-year, despite increased recurring revenues during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015, as a result of increased efficiencies in our CaaS operations. Costs of recurring revenues increased during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to increased amortization of capitalized development costs related to our PureCloud Platform. We amortized   $5.2 million   of PureCloud development costs during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $2.1 million   during the same period in 2015. Costs of recurring revenues also increased during both comparative periods as a result of increased third party services, which included our use of AWS to support our PureCloud offering. The gross margin on recurring revenue increased during both comparative periods due to increased efficiencies in our CaaS operations as the business continued to scale. 
    
  Costs of     License     and Hardware     Revenues 
    
  Costs of license and hardware revenues remained relatively consistent during both the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Our license and hardware revenue gross margin increased during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to a $2.1 million reduction to our accrual related to the royalty agreement with Avaya, Inc. ("Avaya") recorded in the second quarter of 2016 due to a change in our estimate of our expected liability, which resulted in a reduction to costs of license and hardware revenues for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Costs of Services Revenues 
    
  Costs of services revenues were nearly flat during both comparative periods. Services revenue gross margin decreased in both comparative periods due to an increase in on-premises contracts originated by our partners, who also provide the related professional services, as well as our growing PureCloud deployment engagements, which require less professional services than our on-premises and single-tenant cloud offerings and have lower margins than our on-premises professional services engagements. 
    
  Gross Profit 

31 

Gross margin increased during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015   compared to the same periods in   2015   primarily due to improvement in cloud subscriptions gross margins resulting from increased efficiencies in our CaaS operations as the business has continued to scale.  
    
  Operating Expenses 
    
  Our operating expenses include the costs for: (i) sales and marketing; (ii) research and development; and (iii) general and administrative operations. 
    
  Sales and marketing expenses primarily include compensation, travel and promotional costs related to our sales, marketing, client success and channel management operations for our on-premises and cloud deployments. We expect these expenses to increase marginally in future periods as we continue to develop our inside sales organization and increase expenses for lead generation and digital marketing efforts. These expectations may change if the merger is consummated.  
    
  Research and development expenses are comprised primarily of compensation expense, allocated overhead costs and depreciation expenses. We expect research and development expenses will continue to increase in the remainder of 2016 compared to 2015, as we have reduced the amount of research and development costs that we capitalize, and increased the amount of such costs that we expense, since the majority of new PureCloud features have been released for general availability. We believe that continued investment in research and development is critical to our future growth, particularly because our competitive position in the marketplace is directly related to the timely development of new and enhanced offerings.  
    
  General and administrative expenses include compensation expense as well as general corporate expenses that are not allocable to other departments, such as costs for legal and other professional fees and bad debt. We expect general and administrative expenses will increase for the full year 2016 compared to the full year 2015 as we continue to incur additional professional and legal costs related to the merger.  

Sales and Marketing  
    
  Sales and marketing expenses increased in both comparative periods primarily due to increases in compensation and other related expenses resulting from sales staffing increases. Additionally, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015, we increased our sales and marketing efforts for our PureCloud products, which included additional expenditures related to digital marketing and lead generation, and also incurred increased costs associated with our annual Interactions conference. 
  
   32 

Research and Development 
    
  Research and development expenses increased in both comparative periods primarily due to lower capitalization of development costs for our PureCloud Platform. During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we capitalized   $300,000   and   $1.5 million  , respectively, of costs related to the development of the PureCloud Platform, compared to the capitalization of   $900,000   and   $11.7 million   during the same periods in 2015. These increases were also due to increases in compensation expenses resulting from staffing increases as well as increased utilization of AWS to support the PureCloud Platform development.  
    
  General and Administrative 
    
  General and administrative expenses increased in both comparative periods primarily due to $1.6 million of professional and legal fees incurred during the third quarter of 2016 associated with the merger. 
    
  Other Expense: 
    
  Interest Expense, net 
    
  Interest expense, net, consists of interest expense related to the Notes we issued in May 2015 partially offset by interest earned from investments, receivables and interest-bearing cash accounts. Other income, which was not material in any periods reported, is also included. 

______ 
           (1) 
    Includes the interest accrual for the semi-annual coupon payment and amortization of the debt discount and issuance costs, all which are related to the Notes.  
       
  We invest in longer term investments with maturities up to three years to increase our overall yield on investments and monitor the allocation of funds in our investment accounts to maximize our return on investment within our established investment policy. We do not invest in subprime assets. 

______ 
           (1) 
    Interest income on investments during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 excludes a one-time adjustment to interest income. This amount has been excluded in order to reflect the actual return on investments earned during the period. 

33 

The increase in interest income for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same periods in 2015 was primarily due to an increase in interest rates on the investment vehicles that we utilized, as well as the investment of proceeds obtained through our Notes issuance in the second quarter of 2015. We continue to review our investment options in an effort to increase our interest income while keeping our risk of losing principal to a minimum. 
    
  Other     Expense 
    
  Other expense primarily includes foreign currency gains and losses, which fluctuate based on the amount of receivables we generate in certain international currencies, the exchange gain or loss that results from foreign currency disbursements and receipts, the cash balances and exchange rates at the end of a reporting period and the effectiveness of our hedging activities at mitigating currency risk. 

Other expense decreased during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period last year due to increased foreign currency gains on unhedged exposures. Other expense increased during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period last year primarily due to to the revaluation of cash in Venezuela, partially offset by increased foreign currency gains on unhedged exposures. We regularly review our foreign currency exposures for inclusion in our hedging program. 
    
  Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 

Our effective tax rate, without the effect of discrete items, for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   (12.8)%   and   (6.6)%  , respectively, compared to   (12.7)%   and   (10.0)%  , respectively, for the same periods in   2015  . This tax rate was determined by considering the annual expected federal tax rate, rates in various states and international jurisdictions in which we have operations and certain income tax credits. During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded   $1.1 million   of benefit related to discrete items, including   $1.0 million   related to the release of our Brazilian valuation allowance. During the   three months ended September 30, 2015  , we recorded   $101,000   of expense related to discrete items. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , we recorded a net credit of   $1.6 million   related to discrete items, including a net credit of   $1.9 million   recorded during the first quarter of 2015 to correct an error in our valuation reserve for deferred tax assets. With the effects of these discrete items, our effective tax rate was   6.2%   and   (2.7)%   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   (13.8)%   and   (1.1)%   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Foreign Subsidiaries 

34 

Our foreign effective tax rates for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were 24.1% and 23.4%, respectively. No discrete items were recorded for the three or   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . The impact of our foreign effective income tax rates could become material as we expand our operations in foreign countries and calculate foreign income taxes based on operating results in those countries. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  We generate cash from the collection of payments for the use of our cloud offerings, payments related to licensing our on-premises offerings as well as from selling hardware, renewals of support agreements and the delivery of other services. We use cash primarily to pay our employees (including salaries, commissions and benefits), lease office space, pay travel expenses, pay for marketing activities, pay vendors for hardware, other services and supplies, purchase property and equipment, pay research and development costs, pay interest payments on our debt and fund acquisitions.  
    
  We determine our liquidity by combining cash and cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments as shown in the table below. During the second quarter of 2015, we sold $150 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes. We used approximately $12.8 million of the net proceeds from the offering to pay the cost of the capped call transactions entered in connection with the pricing of the Notes. We intend to use the remainder of the net proceeds from the offering of the Notes for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Based on our current expectations, we believe that our current liquidity position will be sufficient to satisfy our working capital requirements and current or expected obligations associated with our operations for the foreseeable future. Our largest potential capital outlay in the future is expected to be related to purchases of information technology equipment and facility buildouts. 

As of   September 30, 2016  , Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. held a total of $7.5 million in its various foreign bank accounts and its foreign subsidiaries held a total of $31.2 million in their various bank accounts. The temporary difference related to unremitted earnings of our foreign affiliates as of   September 30, 2016  , that have not been subject to U.S. income taxation as dividends and are indefinitely invested outside the United States, was $34.1 million. If we were to repatriate all of those earnings to Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. in the form of dividends, the incremental U.S. federal income tax, net of applicable foreign tax credits, would be $6.2 million. 
    
  The following table shows the U.S dollar equivalent of our foreign account balances for the stated periods: 

35 

The following table shows cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the stated periods: 

Cash flow provided by operations was   $32.0 million   during the first nine months of 2016 compared to   $12.6 million   during the same period in 2015. Cash flow provided by operations consists of our earnings adjusted for various non-cash expenses, such as depreciation and amortization, as well as balance sheet changes. Our cash flow from operations during the first nine months of 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily affected by our changes in accounts receivable, which provided more operating cash flow during the first nine months of 2016 compared with the same period in 2015, primarily due to strong collections during the first and third quarters of 2016.  
    
  Cash used in investing activities decreased approximately $79.6 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in net sales of available-for-sale investments of $60.3 million, a $10.7 million decrease in our investment in capitalized software and an $8.5 million decrease in cash used to purchase property, plant and equipment.  
    
  Cash provided by financing activities decreased $129.4 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily due to the issuance of the Notes during the second quarter of 2015.  
    
  Contractual Obligations 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our purchase obligations increased $14.3 million and our operating lease obligations decreased $8.2 million from the amounts disclosed in the contractual obligations table in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The contractual obligations table as of   September 30, 2016  , which reflects the increased purchase obligations, decreased operating lease obligations and other immaterial changes, is set forth below (in thousands).  

36 

As set forth in the Contractual Obligations table above, we have operating lease obligations and purchase obligations that are not recorded in our condensed consolidated financial statements. The operating lease obligations represent future payments on leases classified as operating leases and disclosed pursuant to FASB ASC Topic 840,   Leases   ("FASB ASC 840"). These obligations include the operating lease of our world headquarters and the leases of several other locations for our offices in the United States and 20 other countries. See Note 8 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information related to our lease commitments.  
    
  The convertible notes obligation set forth in the Contractual Obligations table includes principal payments and estimated interest payments based on the terms of our Notes.  
    
  The capital lease obligations set forth in the Contractual Obligations table represent future payments on leases classified as capital leases and disclosed pursuant to FASB ASC 840. The obligations include capital leases of hardware and software assets with initial lease terms of up to three years.  
    
  Finally, other long-term liabilities include amounts regarding our tax liabilities and uncertain tax positions related to FASB ASC 740. See Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for further discussion on our uncertain tax positions.  
    
  In addition to the amounts set forth in the table above, we have contractual obligations with certain third-party technology companies to pay royalties to them based upon future licensing of their products and patented technologies as well as purchase obligations in which the payments due are based on a percentage of our revenues, and are therefore unknown. We cannot estimate what these future amounts will be. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  Except as set forth in the Contractual Obligations table above, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material impact on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources as of   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  We provide indemnifications of varying scope and amount to certain customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of our product and service offerings. Our software license and subscription agreements, in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 460,   Guarantees  , include certain provisions for indemnifying customers, in material compliance with their license agreement, against liabilities if our software products or services infringe upon a third party's intellectual property rights, over the life of the agreement. We are not able to estimate the potential exposure related to the indemnification provisions of our license and subscription agreements but have not incurred any material expenses under these indemnification provisions. We may at any time and at our option and expense: (i) procure the right of the customer to continue to use our software or services that may infringe a third party's rights; (ii) modify our software or services so as to avoid infringement; or (iii) require the customer to return our software or stop using the service and we will provide a refund to the customer depending on the type of offering (on-premises or cloud) used by that customer. The customer's failure to provide timely notice or reasonable assistance will relieve us of our obligations under this indemnification to the extent that we have been actually and materially prejudiced by such failure. To date, we have not incurred, nor do we expect to incur, any material related costs and, therefore, have not reserved for such liabilities. 
    
  Our software license and subscription agreements also include a warranty that our software products or services will substantially conform to our software user documentation for a period of one year, provided the customer is in material compliance with the software license or subscription agreement. To date, we have not incurred any material costs associated with these product warranties, and as such, we have not reserved for any such warranty liabilities in our operating results. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Actual results may differ from those estimates and judgments under different assumptions or conditions. We have discussed the critical accounting policies that we believe affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in the "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates" section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   and in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . For a further summary of certain accounting policies, see Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  
   37 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
    
  We develop software products in the United States and license our product offerings worldwide. As a result, our financial results could be affected by market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates or weak economic conditions in certain markets. Market risk is the potential of loss arising from unfavorable changes in market rates and prices. 
    
  Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
    
  We transact business in certain foreign currencies including the Euro, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, British pound, New Zealand dollar, South African rand and Brazilian real, among others. However, as a majority of the sales we receive are denominated in United States dollars, a strengthening of the dollar could make our product offerings more expensive and less competitive in foreign markets. We continue to mitigate our foreign currency risk by generally transacting business and paying salaries in the functional currency of each of the major countries in which we do business, thus creating natural hedges. Additionally, as our business matures in foreign markets, we may price our products and services in certain other local currencies. If this were to occur, foreign currency fluctuations could have a greater impact on us and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had outstanding hedging arrangements for the Euro, Japanese yen, South African rand and United States Dollar. For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we recorded foreign currency losses of $284,000 and $1.5 million, respectively, primarily due to the revaluation of cash in Venezuela. 
    
  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , approximately 24% and 23% of our revenues and 17% and 16% of our expenses, respectively, were denominated in a foreign currency. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had net monetary assets valued in foreign currencies subject to foreign currency transaction gains or (losses), consisting primarily of cash and receivables, partially offset by accounts payable, with a carrying value of approximately $14.8 million. A 10% change in foreign currency exchange rates would have changed the carrying value of these net assets by approximately $1.5 million as of   September 30, 2016  , with a corresponding foreign currency gain (loss) recognized in our condensed consolidated statements of operations, if not hedged. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  We invest cash balances in excess of operating requirements in securities that have maturities of up to three years and are diversified among security types. The carrying value of these securities approximates market value. These securities bear interest at fixed interest rates. Based on the weighted average maturities of the investments, if market interest rates were to increase by 100 basis points from the level at   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of our portfolio would decrease by approximately $1.1 million. 
    
  In May 2015, we issued $150 million aggregate principal amount of Notes due June 1, 2020, unless earlier purchased by us or converted, which have a fixed 1.25% coupon rate. The fair value of the Notes will be impacted by a change in market interest rates. See Note 10 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information related to our issuance of the Notes. 

Item 4.      Controls and Procedures. 
    
  We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed by us under the Exchange Act is (a) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and (b) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

38 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings. 
    
  The information set forth under "Litigation Related to the Merger" and "Other Legal Proceedings  in Note 8 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors. 
    
  In addition to the information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and before deciding to invest in, or retain, shares of our common stock, you also should carefully review and consider the information contained in our other reports and periodic filings that we make with the SEC, including, without limitation, the information contained under the caption Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Those risk factors could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
    
  The risks that we describe in our public filings are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we presently deem to be immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Except as set forth below, there have been no material additions or changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  We may not consummate our proposed merger with Genesys within the timeframe or in the manner we anticipate, or at all, which could negatively affect our business and our stock price.   
  On August 30, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "merger agreement") with Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories, Inc., a California corporation ("Genesys"), Giant Merger Sub Inc., an Indiana corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesys ("Merger Sub"), and, solely for the purposes of Section 5.16 of the merger agreement, Greeneden Lux 3 S. R.L., a societe a responsabilite limitee under the laws of Luxembourg, Greeneden U.S. Holdings I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Greeneden U.S. Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Genesys (the "merger"). 
  We can provide no assurance that the merger will be consummated or consummated within the timeframe or in the manner currently anticipated. There are a number of risks surrounding the merger, including, among other things, (a) the occurrence of any event, change, or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement, including a termination under circumstances that would require us to pay a termination fee of $43.0 million and (b) the failure by Genesys and its affiliates to obtain the debt financing contemplated in the debt commitment letter entered into in connection with the merger agreement, or alternative financing, as applicable, or the failure of any such financing to be sufficient to consummate the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, which, in certain instances, could result in our only viable recourse being to pursue payment of the reverse termination fee by Genesys. 
  Consummation of the merger is subject to various conditions, including, (i) the approval of the merger agreement by at least a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote on the proposal, (ii) the absence of any injunction or order by any court of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of the merger and the absence of any law that prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the merger, (iii) if a request by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States ("CFIUS") occurs prior to the effective time, the obtaining of CFIUS clearance, (iv) the accuracy of the other party s representations and warranties in the merger agreement, subject to certain qualifications, (v) the other party s material performance of and compliance with its covenants contained in the merger agreement and (vi) in the case of Genesys  obligations, there having been no material adverse effect with respect to the Company since August 30, 2016.  There can be no assurance that approval of our shareholders will be obtained, that the other conditions to the consummation of the merger will be satisfied or waived or that other events will not intervene to delay or result in the termination of the merger.  Subject to certain limitations, either party may terminate the merger agreement if the merger is not consummated by January 31, 2017.  If the merger is not consummated, the price of our common stock may change to the extent that the current market price of our common stock may reflect an assumption that the merger will be consummated. 
  
   39 

Pending the consummation of the merger, the merger agreement also restricts us from engaging in certain actions without Genesys  consent, which could prevent us from pursuing opportunities that may arise prior to the effective time of the merger. Any delay in consummating or a failure to consummate the merger could have a negative impact on our business and stock price as well as our relationships with our customers, suppliers or employees, and could also have a negative impact on our ability to pursue alternative strategic transactions and/or our ability to implement alternative business plans. In addition, if the merger agreement is terminated, depending on the circumstances giving rise to termination, we may be required to pay a termination fee of $43.0 million. 
  Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted as a result of the merger. 
  The merger may cause disruptions to our business or business relationships, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, regardless of whether the merger is consummated. For example: 
             
    the attention of our management and our employees may be directed to merger-related considerations and may be diverted from the day-to-day operations of our business; 
                
    our employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with us, which might adversely affect our ability to retain and recruit key employees; and 
                
    customers, suppliers or other parties with whom we maintain business relationships may experience uncertainty about our future and seek alternative relationships with third parties or seek to alter their business relationships with us. 
       
  In addition, we have incurred, and will continue to incur, significant costs, fees and expenses for professional services and other costs related to the merger agreement and the merger, and many of these costs, fees and expenses are payable by us regardless of whether or not the merger is consummated. 

40 

Item 6.  Exhibits 
    
  (a) Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Exhibit Description 
      
    Form 
      
    Exhibit 
      
    Filing 
  Date 
      
    Filed 
  Herewith 
      2.1 
      
    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 30, 2016, by and among the Company, Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories, Inc., Giant Merger Sub Inc. and, solely for the purposes of Section 5.16 of the merger agreement, Greeneden Lux 3 S.     R.L., Greeneden U.S. Holdings I, LLC and Greeneden U.S. Holdings II, LLC* 
      
    8-K 
      
    2.1 
      
    8/31/2016 

3.1 
      
    Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as currently in effect 
      
    S-4/A 
  (Registration No. 333-173435) 
      
    Annex II to the Proxy Statement / Prospectus 
      
    4/27/2011 

3.2 
      
    Amended By-Laws of the Company, as currently in effect 
      
    8-K 
      
    3.1 
      
    8/31/2016 

31.1 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X 

31.2 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X 

32.1 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X 

32.2 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X 

101 
      
    The following materials from Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting language):  (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss; (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statement of Shareholders  Equity; (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

X 

* Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K, the schedules identified therein have been omitted and will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request. 

41 

SIGNATURE 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. 
  (Registrant) 

Date: November 4, 2016 
      
    By:    /s/     Ashley A. Vukovits 

Ashley A. Vukovits 
  Chief Financial Officer, 
  Senior Vice President of Administration, 
  Secretary and Treasurer 
  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 inin-2016930xexx311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Donald E. Brown, M.D., certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Donald E. Brown, M.D. 
  Donald E. Brown, M.D. 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 
  November 4, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 inin-2016930xexx312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  I, Ashley A. Vukovits, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Ashley A. Vukovits 
  Ashley A. Vukovits 
  Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President of Administration, 
  Secretary and Treasurer 
  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
  November 4, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 inin-2016930xexx321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. (the "Registrant") on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Donald E. Brown, M.D., Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report, to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Donald E. Brown, M.D. 
  Donald E. Brown, M.D. 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 
  November 4, 2016    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 inin-2016930xexx322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc. (the "Registrant") on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Ashley A. Vukovits, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President of Administration, Secretary and Treasurer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report, to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Ashley A. Vukovits 
  Ashley A. Vukovits 
  Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President of Administration, 
  Secretary and Treasurer 
  (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
  November 4, 2016    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 inin-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 inin-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 inin-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 inin-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 inin-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 inin-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

