<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1618561_0001564590-16-027495_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7155651</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145482</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>299162</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1534028</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2696353</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1722896</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>26</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027495.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104060856
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027495
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nexvet Biopharma plc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001618561
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			L2
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36828
		FILM NUMBER:		161973551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 5, SRAGH TECHNOLOGY PARK
		STREET 2:		RAHAN ROAD
		CITY:			TULLAMORE , CO. OFFALY
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			R35 FR98
		BUSINESS PHONE:		353 1 215 8100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 5, SRAGH TECHNOLOGY PARK
		STREET 2:		RAHAN ROAD
		CITY:			TULLAMORE , CO. OFFALY
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			R35 FR98

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEXVET BIOPHARMA Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140903

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027495.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 nvet-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

nvet-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549  
   
 FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  
 or  

For the transition period from                        to                       .  
 Commission file number: 001-36828 
   
 Nexvet Biopharma   public limited company   
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Ireland  

98-1205017   

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  

Unit 5, Sragh Technology Park 
 Rahan Road, Tullamore 
 Co. Offaly, R35 FR98, Ireland 
  (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)  
 +353 5793 24522 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act of 1934).    Yes           No        
 As of October 31, 2016, the registrant had approximately 11,726,406 ordinary shares, nominal value $0.125, outstanding. 

NEXVET BIOPHARMA PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY   
 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page No.  

Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements    

2  

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Financial Statements       

3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets     

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss     

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity      

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

7  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

25  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

35  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    

35  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors    

36  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

36  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    

37  

Signatures    

38  

1 
 
           SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FO  RWARD LOOKING   Statement  S     
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q contains forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ).  Forward looking statements consist of all statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, ability to access financing on acceptable terms or at all, results of any current or future pivotal study, future expenditures relating to our lead product candidates, time for completion of any of our studies or facilities upgrades, ability to develop our pipeline of product candidates, business strategy, prospective products, ability to successfully manufacture our own product candidates, ability to meet conditions for the receipt of government grants, time for regulatory submissions or ability to qualify for conditional licensure or obtain product approvals, research and development costs, timing and likelihood of success, plans and objectives of management for future operations, and future results of current and anticipated products.  These statements relate to future events or to our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward looking statements.  The words  anticipate,   assume,   believe,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   might,   objective,   plan,   potential,   predict,   project,   position,   seek,   should,   target,   will,   would,  or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements, although not all forward looking statements contain these identifying words.  These forward looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate, and management s beliefs and assumptions are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. 
 Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations expressed in this report include those summarized under Risk Factors elsewhere in this report or included in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2016.  Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward looking statements.  Also, forward looking statements represent management s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this report.  Except as required by law, we do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to revise or update these forward looking statements or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, references to  we,   us,   our,   Nexvet,   Nexvet Biopharma plc  or the  Company  refer to Nexvet Biopharma public limited company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

2 
 
        P  ART 1   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  Financial Statements  
   
     Condensed consolidated Balance Sheets ( unaudited )  
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

3 
 
      C    O  NDENSED C  ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
 (unaudited)  
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 
 
        co  ndensed   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  EQUITY  
 ( unaudited )  
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

5 
 
        C  ONDENSED   Consolida  T  ed Statements of Cash Flows   
 (unaudited)  
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

6 
 
        N  otes to   CONDENSED Consolidated Financial Statements  
 ( unaudited )  

1. Organization and Description of Business 
 Nexvet Biopharma public limited company and its subsidiaries ( Nexvet  or the  Company ) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on transforming the field of companion animal therapeutics by developing and commercializing novel, species-specific biologics. Biologics are therapeutic proteins derived from biological sources. As a class, biologics have transformed human medicine in recent decades and represent many of the top-selling therapies on the market today, due to advantages including a long duration of action, attractive side effect profiles and injectability. The Company believes these advantages will translate into significant advantages for companion animal therapeutics. The Company s platform technology, which it refers to as  PETization,  is an algorithmic approach that enables the rapid creation of monoclonal antibodies ( mAbs ), a type of biologic, that are designed to be recognized as  self  or  native  by an animal s immune system, a property the Company refers to as  100% species-specificity.  PETization is designed to build upon the safety and efficacy data from clinically tested human therapies to create new therapies for companion animals, thereby reducing clinical risk and development cost.  
 mAbs are targeted antibodies produced by identical or clonal cells that are engineered to produce a specific mAb and they are a prominent class of therapeutic biologics in humans. Nexvet s most advanced product candidates are mAbs that target and inhibit the function of nerve growth factor ( NGF ) for the control of pain associated with osteoarthritis in dogs and cats.  NGF is a protein that directs nerve growth and is involved in nerve signaling, including pain signals, and NGF inhibitors ( anti-NGFs ) seek to interrupt those signals to reduce pain.  The Company s anti-NGF portfolio consists of ranevetmab (formerly  NV-01 ) for dogs, frunevetmab (formerly  NV-02 ) for cats, both in late-stage clinical development as monthly subcutaneous injectables, as well as NV-03 for horses which has completed initial proof-of-concept studies. 
 Nexvet s most clinically advanced product candidate is ranevetmab. The Company s pivotal efficacy and field safety study of ranevetmab met its primary efficacy endpoint, demonstrating a statistically significant improvement over placebo in the assessed level of pain (p=0.041) as measured using changes in Client-Specific Outcome Measures ( CSOM ) score between enrollment and day 28.  This study s design was agreed under protocol concurrence with the Center for Veterinary Medicine ( CVM ) at the United States Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ).  Ranevetmab was found to be safe and well tolerated with no significant adverse safety signals observed in the study.  Clinically meaningful magnitudes of benefit and statistically significant differences over placebo were also achieved for the majority of the secondary endpoints measured in the study, which used a monthly subcutaneous injection for three months.  Collectively, the results of this study constitute a substantial body of efficacy data that the Company has filed with the CVM and intends to use as the basis of its planned submissions for marketing authorizations in both the United States ( U.S. ) and Europe. The Company has a master collaboration, supply and distribution agreement, and a specific distribution agreement for ranevetmab, with Virbac S.A. ( Virbac ), one of the larger animal health companies in the world.   
 Nexvet s next most advanced product candidate is frunevetmab.  The Company obtained positive and statistically significant results from a proof-of-concept efficacy study and a separate pilot safety study of frunevetmab.  The Company also obtained positive results from a placebo-controlled, double-blinded, multi-site pilot field safety and efficacy study, which enrolled 126 cats with naturally occurring osteoarthritis. In terms of efficacy, a wide range of statistically significant improvements over placebo at multiple time points, using multiple assessment methods, were seen in this study, which used a monthly dose for two months. Frunevetmab was also found to be safe and well-tolerated in this study, with no significant adverse safety signals observed.  Results from this study have informed preparations for a pivotal field efficacy and safety study anticipated to commence in the fourth quarter of 2016, as well as a pivotal target animal safety study which has now commenced.  The Company has obtained protocol concurrence from the CVM for both pivotal studies of frunevetmab. 
 The Company also conducts drug discovery in the areas of immuno-oncology, inflammation and allergy.   In July 2015,  Nexvet entered a research and development collaboration with Zenoaq, a leading animal health company based in Japan, which involves applying PETization to convert mAb candidates identified by Zenoaq into 100% species-specific candidates in the areas of immuno-oncology, inflammation and allergy.  This collaboration has yielded fully caninized mAbs that bind to the immuno-oncology target known as programmed cell death protein 1 ( PD-1 ).  PD-1 is the target of approved human therapies including pembrolizumab (Keytruda) and nivolumab (Opdivo) which have demonstrated efficacy against multiple tumor types. 
 In the U.S. the CVM and Center for Veterinary Biologics ( CVB ) at the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) and Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ), regulate new animal drug candidates. The USDA has confirmed its regulatory jurisdiction over anti-PD-1 mAbs, providing the opportunity for a conditional license.  Conditional licensure allows a company to start selling a product on a comparatively rapid basis, under certain conditions, after a demonstration of purity and safety and if there is a reasonable expectation of efficacy for the product. While a conditional licensure is in place, the license holder must continue to generate efficacy data in order to apply for a full approval.  The Company has commenced pharmacokinetic, immunogenicity and preliminary safety proof of concept studies for its anti-PD-1 program. 
 7 
 
    The Company s   most advanced anti-inflammatory programs consist of mAb candidates targeting tumor necrosis factor ( anti-TNFs ).   TNF is a protein that causes inflammation, and anti-TNFs suppress this inflammation.    In huma  ns, anti-TNFs include several marketed therapies such as infliximab (Remicade) and adalimumab (Humira) that have been among the top-selling drugs in the world, due to their therapeutic action in a variety of inflammatory conditions. Nexvet s drug discovery   team has used PETization to create fully canine and fully feline anti-TNF mAbs that demonstrate high potency in neutralizing canine and feline TNF.  
 In September 2015, the Company secured a biopharmaceutical manufacturing facility in Tullamore, Ireland.  The facility has been reconfigured to be a dedicated veterinary biopharmaceutical facility with the capability to meet anticipated future clinical and commercial production needs for therapeutic drug substance. The facility is operated by a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nexvet, BioNua Limited ( BioNua ). 
 Since the Company s initial public offering, it has focused on clinical development of its most advanced candidates and securing infrastructure to become a vertically integrated veterinary biopharmaceutical company.  The Company is building a pipeline of development candidates derived from PETization in therapeutic areas where human mAbs have had significant impact.  
 The Company has incurred losses since its inception and had an accumulated deficit of $48.1 million and $43.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively.  For the foreseeable future, the Company expects to continue to incur losses and negative cash flows, which will increase significantly from historical levels as the Company expands its development activities, seeks regulatory approvals for product candidates and begins to commercialize any approved products.  To date, the Company has been funded primarily through sales of capital shares.  Management believes the Company s unrestricted cash of $24.6 million as of September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next 12 months.  
 The Company will require additional capital until such time as it can generate revenue in excess of operating expenses.  The Company may seek such funding through public or private equity or debt financing or other sources, such as corporate collaborations and licensing arrangements.  The Company may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all.  The sale of additional equity would result in additional dilution to the Company s shareholders, and the terms of any financing may adversely affect the rights of these shareholders.  The incurrence of any debt financing could result in debt service obligations and the instruments governing such debt could provide for operating and financing covenants that would restrict operations.  If the Company is unable to obtain funding, it could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate research and development programs or commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect the Company s business prospects. 
   
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
 The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company include the operations of all its wholly owned subsidiaries and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ).  Such operations include the Company and its subsidiaries.  All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  The Company s fiscal year ends on June 30, and references to any fiscal year are to the Company s year ended June 30 in that year.   
 Unaudited Interim Financial Information 
 The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures as of September 30, 2016 and for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited and have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and, in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair statement of the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016 and the results of its operations, comprehensive loss and cash flows for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  The financial data and other information disclosed in these notes related to the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are unaudited.  The results for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for a full year, any other interim periods or any future year or period. 
 These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes as of, and for the year ended June 30, 2016 included in the Company s annual report on Form 10 K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2016.  The condensed consolidated balance sheet data as of June 30, 2016 was derived from audited consolidated financial statements. 
 8 
 
    Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the period.  Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include research and development income, research and development accruals, government grant income, share-based payments, valuation of ordinary share options and restricted share units and deferred income taxes.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
 Net Loss Per Share  
 Net loss per share information is determined using the two-class method, which includes the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period and other securities that participate in dividends (a participating security). The Company s convertible preference shares are participating securities as defined by Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Topic 260-10,  Earnings Per Share . Net loss per share disclosures have been revised to give effect to share consolidations that took place in the reporting period. 
 Under the two-class method, basic net loss per share applicable to ordinary shareholders is computed by dividing the net loss applicable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the reporting period.  
 Diluted net loss per share gives effect to all potentially dilutive securities, including convertible preference shares and shares issuable upon the exercise or conversion, as applicable, of outstanding warrants, ordinary share options and restricted share units, using the treasury shares method.  The Company has excluded the effects of all potentially dilutive shares, which include warrants to purchase ordinary shares, ordinary share options and restricted share units from the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding as their inclusion in the computation for all periods would be anti-dilutive due to net losses.  
 Cash  
 As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, the Company s unrestricted cash consisted of cash deposited in a business operating account or in short-term deposit accounts of less than 90 days  original duration.  
 Concentration of Credit Risk and Other Risks and Uncertainties  
 The Company receives research and development income and grants from two sources, the Australian government and the Irish government.  
 The Company s cash is deposited with several large commercial banks located in the U.S., Australia and Ireland, limiting the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution.  The deposits with the financial institutions are federally insured or guaranteed, however, the Company s cash balances with these financial institutions often exceed the amount insured.  
 The Company is subject to risks common to companies in the biotechnology industry.  The Company s research and development may not be successfully completed, adequate protection for the Company s technology may not be obtained, any products developed may not obtain necessary government regulatory approval and any approved products may not be commercially viable.  The Company operates in an environment of competition from other animal health companies, some of which have substantially more resources at their disposal.  In addition, the Company is dependent upon the services of its employees and consultants, as well as third party contract research organizations and manufacturers.  
 Fair Value Measurements  
 The Company records certain assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance with the provisions of ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value   Measurements .  As defined in the guidance, fair value, defined as an exit price, represents the amount that would be received to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.  As a result, fair value is a market-based approach that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability.  As a basis for considering these assumptions, the guidance defines a three-tier value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation methodologies in measuring fair value.  

Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active, accessible markets for identical assets or liabilities.      

Level 2 Other inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.      

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity.      

 9 
 
    The fair value hierarchy also requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fa  ir value.   
 The Company s material financial instruments comprise cash and short-term deposits.   
 Other Income Receivable  
 Other income receivable is recorded at the invoiced amount where available.  
 Research and Development Income 
 Australia 
 Nexvet Australia is eligible under the AusIndustry research and development incentive program to obtain a cash amount from the Australian Taxation Office ( ATO ).  The incentive is available to Nexvet Australia on the basis of specific criteria with which Nexvet Australia must comply.  Specifically, Nexvet Australia must have revenue of less than A$20 million and cannot be controlled by income tax exempt entities.  
 Ireland 
 Nexvet Ireland and BioNua are both eligible under the Research and Development Tax Credit ( R D Tax Credit ) Guidelines of Ireland to claim a tax credit, up to 25% of eligible research and development expenditure less expenditure already covered by the Industrial Development Agency (Ireland) ( IDA ) grant assistance.  The tax credit is normally offset against corporation tax payable in Ireland.  For companies at the same stage of development as Nexvet Ireland and BioNua, there is the ability to elect to receive the tax credit as a cash payment in three equal amounts, approximately 9, 21 and 33 months after the relevant fiscal year end, subject to meeting certain qualifying subject criteria.  In this later situation, the relevant company will recognize the cash receivable as other income.  
 Government Grant Income 
 BioNua is eligible under an agreement with the IDA to receive cash as grant income based on a fixed percentage of eligible research and development expenditure in Ireland on a defined project, which includes the achievement of pre-agreed performance targets.  Government grants are recognized at their fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and it is probable that all attaching conditions will be complied with. 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Property, plant and equipment are recorded at acquisition cost, net of accumulated depreciation and impairment.  Depreciation on property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  The estimated useful life of machinery and equipment is three to 10 years.  Leasehold improvements are amortized on the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term or estimated useful life of the asset.  Upon retirement or sale of an asset, its cost and related accumulated depreciation or accumulated amortization are removed from the property accounts and any gain or loss is included in the results of operations.  Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. 
 Intangible Assets 
 The Company accounts for intangible assets under ASC 350,  Intangibles Goodwill and Other , which consists of internal use computer software costs. Costs which include acquiring off the shelf software and licenses that are expected to provide future period financial benefits are capitalized to computer software intangibles. No material internal or external costs are incurred in making the software ready for use.  Amortization is calculated on a straight-line basis over periods ranging from one to three years. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 The Company reviews its tangible and intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable. Recoverability of assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge will be recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no impairments of long-lived assets during the three months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 
 10 
 
    Consumable Stores  
 Consumable stores represent items that are used in the manufacturing process of clinical or commercial batches of our product candidates.  As these items have alternative future uses in other development projects, consumables are recorded in prepaid and other assets and are subsequently expensed as consumed. Consumable stores are recorded at the lower of cost and net realizable value. 
 Foreign Currency  
 The Company s functional currency is U.S. dollars, and the functional currency for most subsidiaries is their local currency.  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the current exchange rate as of the date of the transaction.  At period end, monetary items denominated in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency of the relevant entity using the period-end spot rate.   
 In preparing the Company s consolidated financial statements, the financial statements of the subsidiaries are translated at period end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and weighted-average rates as to revenue and expenses.  The resulting translation adjustments are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ( OCI ).   
 Income Taxes 
 The Company has historically filed income tax returns in the U.S., Australia and Ireland. 
 The Company applies ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes , which establishes financial accounting and reporting requirements for the effects of income taxes that result from the Company s activities during the current and preceding years.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities on their respective tax bases, and operating losses and tax loss carry forwards.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted statutory tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the jurisdictions and years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date.  
 When the Company determines that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized in the future, the deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance.  The valuation allowance is sufficient to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that the Company determines is more likely than not to be realized.  
 The income tax benefit from an uncertain tax position is only recognized if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on technical merits of the position.  The Company evaluates and adjusts these accruals based on changing facts and circumstances.  The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as part of its income tax provision. 
 License and Collaboration Agreement Revenue Recognition 
 Future revenue under a license and collaboration agreement is expected to consist of fees for services, royalties for product sales or payments when specific milestones are met and match underlying activities occurring during the term of the arrangement. 
 In fiscal year 2013, the Company entered into a license and collaboration agreement with a third party for the research and development of animal health products in Japan. The terms of the agreement include non-refundable signing and license fees, development milestone payments, the potential for manufacturing and supply services and royalties on any product sales derived from the collaboration. The Company analyzed this arrangement to determine whether the deliverables, which included license and performance obligations such as research and steering committee services, can be separated or whether these must be accounted for as a single unit of accounting. The Company recognizes license payments as revenue upon delivery of the license only if the license has stand-alone value and there are no undelivered performance obligations related to the license.  
 If the license is considered not to have stand-alone value, the arrangement would then be accounted for as a single unit of accounting and the license payments and payments for performance obligations would be recognized as revenue over the estimated period of when the performance obligations are performed. When the Company determines that an arrangement should be accounted for as a single unit of accounting, it determines the period over which the performance obligations will be performed and revenue will be recognized. Revenue will be recognized using either a proportional performance or straight-line method. The Company recognizes revenue using the proportional performance method when the level of effort required to complete its performance obligations under an arrangement can be reasonably estimated, and such performance obligations are provided on a best-efforts basis. Direct labor hours or full-time equivalents are typically used as the measurement of performance. If the Company cannot reasonably estimate the level of effort to complete its performance obligations under an arrangement, then revenue under the arrangement would be recognized on a straight-line basis over the period the Company is expected to complete its performance obligations. 
 11 
 
    The Company s license and collaboration agreement entitles it to additional payments upon the achievement of performance-based milestones. Milestones that involve substa  ntial effort on the Company s part are considered  substantive milestones.  A substantive milestone is included in the Company s revenue model when the milestone is achieved. To date, no milestone payments have been received.  
 Royalty revenue is recognized upon the sale of the related products, provided the Company has no remaining performance obligations under the arrangement. 
 Research and Development Expense  
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and consist primarily of (i) payroll and related expense for all employees engaged in scientific research and development functions, including wages, related benefits and share-based compensation, (ii) fees for regulatory, professional and other consultants and (iii) development costs, including costs of drug discovery, safety, proof of concept, pilot and pivotal safety and efficacy studies, development of biological materials and service providers.  The Company uses its employee and infrastructure resources across multiple development programs.  The Company allocates outsourced development costs by lead product candidates but does not allocate personnel or other internal costs related to development to specific product candidates.  
 General and Administrative Expense  
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of non-research and development-related payroll and related expense for employees, consultants and directors, including wages, related benefits and share-based compensation.  General and administrative expense also includes professional and consulting fees for legal, accounting, tax services and other general business services, as well as other expenses such as travel, rent and facilities costs.  
 Other Income (Expense)  
 Research and Development Income 
 Australia 
 Nexvet Australia is eligible under the AusIndustry research and development incentive program to obtain a cash amount from the ATO.  The incentive is available to Nexvet Australia on the basis of specific criteria with which Nexvet Australia must comply.  Although the incentive is administered through the ATO, the Company has accounted for the incentive outside the scope of ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes , as an income tax benefit since Nexvet Australia meets the applicable requirements to participate in the program and the incentive is not linked to Nexvet Australia s income tax liability and can be realized regardless of whether Nexvet Australia has generated taxable income.  Research and development income is recognized when eligible research and development activities have been undertaken and the Company has completed its assessment of whether such activities meet the relevant qualifying criteria.  
 Ireland 
 Nexvet Ireland and BioNua are both eligible under the R D Tax Credit Guidelines of Ireland to claim a tax credit, up to 25% of eligible research and development expenditure less expenditure already covered by the IDA grant assistance.  The tax credit is normally offset against corporation tax payable in Ireland.  For companies at the same stage of development as Nexvet Ireland and BioNua, there may be the ability to elect to receive the tax credit as a cash payment in three equal amounts, approximately 9, 21 and 33 months after the relevant fiscal year end, subject to meeting certain qualifying subject criteria.  In this later situation the relevant company will recognize the cash receivable as other income.  
 Government Grant Income 
 BioNua is eligible, under an agreement with the IDA, to receive cash as grant income based on a fixed percentage of eligible research and development expenditure in Ireland on a defined project, which includes the achievement of pre-agreed performance targets.  Any expenditure eligible under this agreement cannot be claimed under the R D Tax Credit program.  The maximum grant available to the Company is  2.4 million over the life of the agreement. 
 The Company recognizes government grant income at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and it is probable that all attaching conditions will be complied with.  When the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is included in the balance sheet as deferred grant income, which is released to income over the expected useful life in a manner consistent with the depreciation method for the relevant asset and subject to meeting other relevant conditions, and it is recorded on the balance sheet as other income receivable until cash is received.  When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognized as income over the periods necessary to match the grant on a systematic basis to the costs that it is intended to compensate, and it is recorded on the balance sheet as other income receivable until cash is received.   
 12 
 
    Exchange (Loss) G  ain  
 Exchange (loss) gain consists primarily of losses or gains due to foreign exchange translation, primarily reflecting changes in Australian and U.S. foreign exchange rates.  Under U.S. GAAP, these (losses) gains relate to a translation of U.S. dollar-denominated bank accounts into Nexvet Australia s Australian dollar functional currency and represent a non-cash item. 
 Interest Income 
 The Company earns interest on the cash balances held with financial institutions and recognizes interest when earned on an accrual basis over time.  
 Comprehensive Loss 
 Comprehensive loss represents the total change in shareholders  equity during the period other than from transactions with shareholders, which for the Company includes net change in foreign currency translation adjustments.  
 Share-Based Compensation 
 The Company s share-based compensation plan (see Note 10) provides for the grant of ordinary share options, restricted share units and other share-based awards.  The fair value of share options is determined as of the date of grant using the binomial option-pricing model.  This method incorporates the fair value of the Company s ordinary shares on the date of each grant and various assumptions such as the risk-free interest rate, actual volatility or expected volatility based on the historic volatility of peer companies, expected dividend yield, and expected term of the share option.  Restricted share units are valued at the fair value of the underlying ordinary shares as of the date of grant.  The Company classifies share-based compensation expense in the statements of operations and comprehensive loss in the same manner in which the award recipient s payroll costs are classified.  
 The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense based on the grant date fair value of the entire award over the total period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award.   In accordance with ASC 718, the amount of compensation expense recognized at each balance date is at least equal to the grant date fair value of the vested portion of the award on that date.  Where performance conditions are attached to the awards, compensation expense is recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved, net of estimated pre-vesting forfeitures over the requisite service period.  The probability of vesting is reassessed at each reporting period for awards with performance conditions and compensation expense is adjusted based on this probability assessment.   
 Equity instruments issued to non-employees, including consultants, are accounted for in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) guidance.  All transactions in which services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.  The measurement date of the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the counterparty s performance is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur.  
 For transactions where the fair value of the equity instrument issued to non-employees is the more reliable measurement and a measurement date has not been reached, the fair value is re-measured at each balance sheet date using the binomial option-pricing model.  Compensation expense for these share-based awards is recognized over the term of the consulting agreement or until the award is approved and settled.  

13 
 
    Segment Data  
 The Company manages its operations as a single segment for the purposes of assessing performance and making operating decisions.  The Company is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focusing on developing therapies for companion animals. 
 Total assets, property and equipment, net and total property and equipment additions by geography, reconciled to the consolidated amounts, were as follows as of the dates indicated:  

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).   This guidance requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  This guidance also requires an entity to disclose sufficient information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.  Qualitative and quantitative information is required about:  

Contracts with customers   including revenue and impairments recognized, disaggregation of revenue and information about contract balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations).      

Significant judgments and changes in judgments   determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations (over time or at a point in time), and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated to performance obligations.      

Certain assets   assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract.      

 In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing .  The guidance clarifies that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers that reflects the consideration and revenue to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods, services or performance obligations.   
 This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.  Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period.  The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) .  This guidance defines management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.  Under the guidance, management is required to evaluate, for each annual and interim reporting period, whether it is probable that the entity will not be able to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or are available to be issued.  When management identifies substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern, additional disclosures are required.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  
 14 
 
    In November     2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,   Income Taxes (Topic 740) Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  .  This guidance simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes, in that it requires deferred tax liabilities and assets be clas  sified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.  This amendment applies to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position.  The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax paying compo  nent of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this update.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016  ;   however, early adoption is permitted for all ent  ities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period  .  The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10) Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities .  This guidance requires equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments, eliminates certain disclosure requirements, requires public companies to use the exit price notion when measuring fair value, and requires certain changes to the presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption for public entities is allowable only for the provisions related to elimination of fair value disclosure requirements and related presentation of fair value changes resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. Early adoption is not allowed for any other provisions.  The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 , Leases (Topic 842) .  This guidance increases transparency and comparability by recognizing the assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements.  The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years for public business entity, not-for-profit and employee benefit plans and for all other entities this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020.  Early adoption is permitted for all entities.  The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,  Liabilities Derivative and Hedging (Topic 815) .  This amendment is to clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument under Topic 815 does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption for public entities is allowable.  The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718) Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .  This guidance clarifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods.  Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period.  The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing .  The guidance clarifies that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers that reflects the consideration and revenue to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services or performance obligations satisfied.  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606 ),  Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.  The core principal of this guidance is the recognition of revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.  Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period.  The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 15 
 
    In June   2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,   Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (  Topic 326  )  .   This guidance   requires that financial assets measured at amortized cost be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis. The statemen  t   of operations   reflects the measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial assets, as well as the expected credit losses during the period. The measurement of expected credit losses is based upon historical experience, current conditions, and   reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities will be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a direct write-down to the secu  rity. ASU 2016-13 will become effective for the Company for fiscal   years beginning after December   15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.      Early adoption is permitted as of the fiscal   years beginning after December   15, 2018, includin  g interim periods within those fiscal years.      The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   This guidance relates to eight specific cash flow issues and their appropriate disclosure and classifications.  The eight specific cash flow issues are: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle.  This guidance will become effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.   
   
 3. Other Income Receivable 
 Other income receivable consisted of the following as of the dates indicated: 

4. Prepaid Expenses and Other 
   
 Prepaid expense and other consisted of the following as of the dated indicated: 

At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, restricted cash was $0.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively, and is included in prepaid expenses.  The restricted cash balance is related to a collateral arrangement with a financial institution that requires the Company to maintain a minimum collateral balance of $50,000 in order to access credit card facilities. 

16 
 
    5  . Property  ,   Plant and Equipment  
 Property, plant and equipment, consisted of the following as of the dates indicated: 

In September 2015, the Company acquired certain manufacturing assets in Ireland as set out below.  This was not a business combination under Topic 805.  

Assets Acquired and Consideration  

(in thousands)  

Assets acquired  

Research   development equipment  

$  
 
 380  

Plant   equipment  

934  

Leasehold improvements  

663  

Total assets acquired  

$  
 
 1,977  

Consideration  

Cash paid  

$  
 
 1,887  

Retention amount initially withheld, now paid  

90  

Total consideration  

$  
 
 1,977  

6. Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities  
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities consisted of the following as of the dates indicated:  

7. Ordinary Shares  
 As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, there were 11,726,406 and 11,565,133 ordinary shares outstanding, respectively.  

17 
 
    8. Fair Value Measurement   
 Assets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, including financial instruments, which the Company accounts for under the fair value option, are summarized in the following tables.  

There were no transfers between the levels within the reporting periods. 

9. Net Loss Per Share  
 The calculation of net loss per participating securities ( EPS ) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is presented below.   

The following ordinary share equivalents were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share for the periods ended on the dates indicated because including them would have an anti-dilutive effect:  

10. Share-Based Awards  
 As permitted by Australian law, the Company s board of directors has historically granted share options and restricted share units with an exercise or conversion price, as applicable, of zero to recipients in Australia.  Contemporaneously with these awards and based upon information available at the time of grant, the Company s board of directors, with the assistance of management, also determined the fair value of the shares underlying these share options for financial reporting purposes.  To determine the best estimate of the fair value of the Company s ordinary shares at each grant date, the Company s board of directors considered numerous factors, including contemporaneous third-party valuations, current business conditions and projections, risks inherent to the development of the Company s research and development programs, including the status of pivotal safety and efficacy studies for its lead product candidates, the Company s financial condition, the Company s need for future financing to fund its research and development efforts and the commercialization of its lead product candidates, and other relevant factors.  
 18 
 
    Option Terms of Issue     
 The Company previously issued to its employees, consultants and directors under the Company s Employee Share Option Plan (the  2012 Plan ) ordinary shares subject to an interest-free, limited recourse loan payable to the Company for the purchase price of the ordinary shares.  The 2012 Plan is no longer in use, and all of the limited recourse loans were either repaid in cash or satisfied by the repurchase by the Company of certain ordinary shares subject to such loan.  The Company issued to each former holder of such repurchased ordinary shares an option to purchase a number of ordinary shares equal to the number of ordinary shares repurchased with an exercise price of $6.35 per ordinary share and subject to the Option Terms of Issue.  The new options expire in February 2018, consistent with the original repayment date of the loan. 
 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan  
 In September 2013, the Company s board of directors approved a long-term incentive plan for its employees (including executive officers), directors and consultants pursuant to which in November 2013 the Company issued share options to purchase 215,799 ordinary shares and restricted share units to acquire 29,214 ordinary shares to employees, directors and consultants.  The underlying ordinary shares had a fair value of $5.15 per share, but the awards had an exercise or conversion price, as applicable, of zero, as permitted under Australian law. Because Irish law requires the payment to an issuer of at least the nominal value of shares in order to acquire such shares from the issuer, any options or restricted share units with a zero exercise or conversion price became exercisable or convertible, as applicable, at the nominal value per ordinary share in August 2014.  This nominal value became $0.10 per ordinary share in September 2014 and was revised to $0.125 per ordinary share in connection with the four-for-five share consolidation in November 2014.  In September 2014, the Company also issued share options to purchase 16,800 ordinary shares and restricted share units to acquire 21,240 ordinary shares to employees, directors and consultants.  The underlying ordinary shares had a fair value of $6.35 per ordinary share, but the awards had an exercise or conversion price of the nominal value of $0.10 per ordinary share, which nominal value became $0.125 per ordinary share in connection with the four-for-five share consolidation in November 2014.  Except for share options and restricted share units held by directors (which vested either beginning in September 2014 and quarterly thereafter or in November 2014), share options and restricted share units held by employees and consultants vest in three equal tranches in November 2014, November 2015 and November 2016.  The Company revised this plan in September 2014 and refers to this plan as its  2013 Plan.  
 In November 2014, the Company awarded employees share options to purchase 141,792 ordinary shares and restricted share units to acquire 16,427 ordinary shares.  The underlying ordinary shares had a grant date fair value of $9.37.  The share options and restricted share units have an exercise price or conversion price, as applicable, of $0.125 per ordinary share.  The awards are subject to a specified performance condition and service period and they vest in tranches over one to three years. 
 The 2013 Plan was terminated in connection with the Company s initial public offering.  The 2013 Plan will continue to govern outstanding awards granted thereunder.  Appropriate adjustments will be made in the number of authorized ordinary shares and other numerical limits in the 2013 Plan and in outstanding awards to prevent dilution or enlargement of participants  rights in the event of a share split or other change in the Company s capital structure. 
 Prior to its termination, the 2013 Plan was administered by the Company s board of directors.  Subject to the provisions of the 2013 Plan, the board of directors determined, in its discretion, the persons to whom, and the times at which, awards were granted, as well as the size, terms and conditions of each award, under the 2013 Plan.  All awards are evidenced by a written agreement between the Company and the holder of the award.  The compensation committee has the authority to construe and interpret the terms of the 2013 Plan and awards granted under the 2013 Plan. 
 In the event of a change of control as described in the 2013 Plan, the acquiring or successor entity may assume or continue all or any awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan or substitute substantially equivalent awards.  Any awards which are not assumed or continued in connection with a change of control or are not exercised or settled prior to the change of control will terminate effective as of the time of the change of control unless specified otherwise in an employment contract.  The compensation committee may provide for the acceleration of vesting of any or all outstanding awards upon such terms and to such extent as it determines, except that the vesting of all awards held by members of the board of directors who are not employees will automatically be accelerated in full.  The compensation committee, in its discretion and without the consent of any participant, may also cancel each or any outstanding award denominated in ordinary shares upon a change of control in exchange for a payment to the participant with respect to each share subject to the cancelled award of an amount equal to the excess of the consideration to be paid per ordinary share in the change of control transaction over the exercise price per ordinary share, if any, under the award.  
 19 
 
    2015 Equity Incentive Plan  
 In September 2014, the Company s board of directors adopted, and in November 2014 the Company s shareholders approved, the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan ( 2015 Plan ).  The 2015 Plan was amended by the board of directors in January 2015, became effective on the date immediately prior to the date of the prospectus for initial public offering and was further amended by the compensation committee in September 2015.  The 2015 Plan is intended to provide incentives that will assist the Company to attract, retain and motivate employees, including officers, consultants and directors.  The Company may provide these incentives through the grant of share options, restricted share units, performance shares and units and other cash-based or share-based awards. 
 A total of 1,280,000 of the Company s ordinary shares were initially authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan.  This reserve has or will automatically increase on July 1 of each year through 2024 by an amount equal to the lesser of: 

Four percent of the number of the Company s ordinary shares issued and outstanding on the immediately preceding June 30; and     

An amount determined by the Company s board of directors.     

 The ordinary shares available under the 2015 Plan will not be reduced by awards settled in cash, but will be reduced by ordinary shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations with respect to ordinary share options (but not other types of awards).  The gross number of ordinary shares issued upon the exercise of options exercised by means of a net exercise or by tender of previously-owned ordinary shares will be deducted from the ordinary shares available under the 2015 Plan.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to adjustment as described below, the maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares that may be subject to issuance at any given time in connection with outstanding awards under the 2015 Plan may not exceed a number equal to ten percent of the Company s total issued and outstanding ordinary shares (calculated on a non-diluted basis).   
 Appropriate adjustments will be made in the number of authorized ordinary shares and other numerical limits in the 2015 Plan and in outstanding awards to prevent dilution or enlargement of participants  rights in the event of a share split or other change in the Company s capital structure.  Ordinary shares subject to awards which expire or are cancelled or forfeited will again become available for issuance under the 2015 Plan. 
 In May 2015, the Company awarded employees and directors share options to purchase 360,000 ordinary shares and restricted share units to acquire 20,280 ordinary shares with a grant date fair value of $5.93 and $6.99 per share, respectively.  The share options and restricted share units have an exercise price of $15.00 and a conversion price of $0.125 per ordinary share, respectively.  Except for restricted share units to acquire 2,280 ordinary shares held by directors (which vest immediately), the awards vest in tranches over one to five years. 
 In June 2015, the Company awarded employees bonus share awards to purchase 42,691 ordinary shares subject to the payment of $0.125 per ordinary share.  The underlying ordinary shares had a grant date fair value of $7.12 per ordinary share. 
 In August 2015, the Company awarded employees share options to purchase 60,000 ordinary shares and restricted share units to acquire 8,500 ordinary shares with a grant date fair value of $2.71 and $4.97 per share, respectively.  The share option and restricted share units have an exercise price of $5.10 and a conversion price of $0.125 per ordinary share, respectively.  The awards vest in tranches over one to five years. 
 In September 2015, the Company offered employees and directors restricted share units to acquire 298,834 ordinary shares, of which 296,059 were accepted, with grant date fair values of $4.26 $4.27.  The restricted share units have a conversion price of $0.125 per ordinary share.  The restricted shares units granted to employees vest annually over four years commencing on July 1, 2016.  The restricted share units granted to directors vested on July 1, 2016.  
 In November 2015, the Company awarded a new employee restricted share units to acquire 2,000 ordinary shares with a grant date fair value of $4.76 .   The restricted share units have a conversion price of $0.125 per ordinary share.  The restricted share units vested on September 21, 2016.  
 In September 2016, the Company awarded a director bonus share award to purchase 20,000 ordinary shares subject to the payment of $0.125 per ordinary share.  The underlying ordinary share had a grant date fair value of $3.60 per ordinary share. 
 In September 2016, the Company awarded employees and directors restricted share units to acquire 547,842 ordinary shares, with a grant date fair value of $3.48.  The restricted share units have a conversion price of $0.125 per ordinary share.  The restricted share units granted to employees vest annually over four years commencing on July 1, 2017 for Australian and U.S. based employees and September 1, 2017 for Irish based employees.  The restricted share units granted to directors vest on July 1, 2017. 
   
 20 
 
    1  1  . Valuation o  f Share Awards   
 Prior to February 2015 
 The fair value of each share option is estimated on the date of grant using the binomial option-pricing model.  The Company was a private company until February 2015 and lacked company-specific historical and implied volatility information.  Therefore, the Company estimated its expected share volatility based on the historical volatility of its publicly traded peer companies until such time as it had adequate historical data regarding the volatility of its own traded share price.  The expected term of the Company s share options was determined utilizing the  simplified  method as the Company had insufficient historical experience for share options overall, rendering existing historical experience irrelevant to expectations for current grants.  The risk-free interest rate was determined by reference to the appropriate reserve bank yield in effect at the time of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield was based on the fact that the Company had never paid cash dividends and did not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.  The fair value of the underlying ordinary shares considered the price per share paid by investors in the Company s private financings, including the Series B Preference Shares in May 2014. 
 Post February 2015 
 Since completion of the Company s initial public offering, the fair value of the ordinary shares underlying share-based awards has been based on the price per share quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market on the date of grant. 
 Fair Value and Activity 
  The fair value of the share options awards was estimated using the following assumptions:  

The following table summarizes share option activity for fiscal year 2016 and the three months ended September 30, 2016:  

21 
 
    In addition to the share options described above, the Company has granted restricted share units to its directors, employees and consultants.      Restricted share units are valued at the fair value of the underlying ordinary shares as of the date of grant.      T  he ordinary shares subject to the restricted share units are generally issued when they vest.  The table below presents the Company s   restricted share unit activity for fiscal year   201  6   and     the   three     months ended   September   3  0  , 201  6  :   
   
   Restricted Share Units  

(1)   
 
 The average intrinsic value of restricted share units converted during the period ended, and outstanding as of September 30, 2016 were $4.67 and $4.03,  respectively.    

Share-Based Compensation  
 The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense for only the portion of awards that are expected to vest.  In developing a forfeiture rate estimate, the Company has considered its historical experience to estimate pre-vesting forfeitures for service-based awards.  The impact of a forfeiture rate adjustment will be recognized in full in the period of adjustment, and if the actual forfeiture rate is materially different from the Company s estimate, the Company may be required to record adjustments to share-based compensation expense in future periods.  The weighted-average remaining contract life on all outstanding share options and restricted share units as of September 30, 2016 was 4.56 years and 3.15 years, respectively. 
 The Company recorded share-based compensation expense related to share options and restricted share units for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as follows:  

The Company had an aggregate of $4.3 million and $2.9 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense for share awards outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over an estimated period of 4.4 years and 4.0 years, respectively. 

22 
 
    1  2  . Commitments and Contingencies   
 Indemnities and Guarantees  
 The Company has made certain indemnities and guarantees, under which it may be required to make payments to a guaranteed or indemnified party, in relation to certain transactions.  The Company indemnifies its directors and officers to the extent permitted under the Company s Constitution and the Irish Companies Act 2014 and provides expense advancement for its directors and executive officers for certain expenses, including attorneys  fees, judgements, fines, and settlements amounts incurred by a director or executive officer in any action or proceeding arising out of their services as one of the Company s directors or executive officers.  The duration of these indemnities and guarantees varies and, in certain cases, is indefinite.  These indemnities and guarantees do not provide for any limitation of the maximum potential future payments the Company could be obligated to make. Historically, the Company has not been obligated to make any payments for these obligations and no liabilities have been recorded for these indemnities and guarantees in the accompanying balance sheets.  
 Operating Leases and Purchase Obligations 
 Commitments consisted of the following as of September 30, 2016:  

Operating Leases  
 The Company entered into a lease for its office in Melbourne, Australia commencing December 2013 for a period of five years.  As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 commitments totaled $0.2 million and $0.2 million, respectively.  Rent expense was $49,000 and $0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and fiscal year 2016, respectively.  Included in rent expense is a build-out incentive of $6,000 and $26,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and fiscal year 2016, respectively.  A portion of the incentive paid by the landlord is to be repaid by the Company if the lease is terminated early, determined by the unexpired term of the lease over the original 60 month lease term. 
 The Company entered into a lease for a facility in Tullamore, Ireland commencing September 2015 for a period of 10 years, with an option to purchase the building.  As of September 30, 2016, commitments on this lease totaled $1.1 million.   
   
 The Company occupies research facilities in Australia and expects to enter a lease agreement in the near future. If this agreement were in place at September 30, 2016, the operating leases would increase by a total of $0.2 million, with $0.1 million less than 1 year and $0.1 million between 1 and 3 years. 
 Purchase Obligations 
 In connection with the development of biologics, the Company had open contracts with suppliers for goods and services of $0.7 million and $0.5 million as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively. 
 Other 
 BioNua is eligible under an agreement with the IDA to receive cash as grant income.  BioNua may not, without the prior written consent of the IDA, assign, dispose, mortgage or change any assets which have been funded by the IDA.  The IDA may revoke or reduce the grant if there is a serious breach of the agreement or if the Company enters a form of administration, transfers any intellectual property developed under the grant outside Ireland or disposes of BioNua.  The IDA may require the Company to repay grant income paid previously to the Company if the Company commits a serious breach of the agreement.   

23 
 
    1  3  . Related Party Transaction  
 Ridge Biotechnology Consulting, LLC is owned and operated by Dr. Robert Gearing, the brother of David Gearing, a co-founder of the Company and its Chief Scientific Officer.  In October 2010, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Ridge Biotechnology Consulting, LLC for the provision of services to the Company.  The agreement was superseded by agreements entered into in April 2011 and April 2012, and a new consulting agreement with Ridge Biotechnology Consulting, LLC was entered into in January 2014 and this agreement ended on March 21, 2016.  The Company recorded expenses of $nil and $39,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to these agreements.  As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, there was $nil and $nil payable to Ridge Biotechnology Consulting, LLC, respectively.  
 Dr. Andrew Gearing is a former director, a co-founder of the Company and a brother of David Gearing, a co-founder of the Company and its Chief Scientific Officer.  Dr. Andrew Gearing serves on the board of directors of Biocomm Square Pty Ltd.  In August 2010 and August 2013, the Company entered into consulting agreements with Biocomm Square Pty Ltd for research and development support services.  These agreements were superseded by a new consulting agreement in December 2013, which was amended in April 2014 and in August 2015.  In addition, the Company entered into an agreement with Biocomm Square Pty Ltd in November 2011 for assistance in obtaining partnering arrangements with Japanese entities.  This agreement was amended and terminated in August 2015.  The Company recorded expenses of $15,000 and $77,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to these agreements.  As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, there was $nil and $12,000 payable to Biocomm Square Pty Ltd, respectively. 

14. Subsequent Events  
 In October 2016, the Company received $1.62 million in cash under the Australian Government s AusIndustry research and development incentive program.  Apart from the foregoing, there were no other material subsequent events occurring after September 30, 2016 requiring disclosure. 
   
 24 
 
        I  tem 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.  The information contained in this discussion and analysis and set forth elsewhere in this report includes forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth in the section of this report titled  Risk Factors  or included in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2016, our actual results could differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward looking statements. 
 Overview  
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on transforming the field of companion animal therapeutics by developing and commercializing novel, species-specific biologics.  Biologics are therapeutic proteins derived from biological sources.  As a class, biologics have transformed human medicine in recent decades and represent many of the top-selling therapies on the market today, due to advantages including a long duration of action, attractive side effect profiles and injectability.  We believe these advantages will translate into significant advantages for companion animal therapeutics.  Our platform technology, which we refer to as  PETization,  is an algorithmic approach that enables the rapid creation of mAbs, a type of biologic, that are designed to be recognized as  self  or  native  by an animal s immune system, a property we refer to as  100% species-specificity.   PETization is designed to build upon the safety and efficacy data from clinically tested human therapies to create new therapies for companion animals, thereby reducing clinical risk and development cost. 
 mAbs are targeted antibodies produced by identical or clonal cells that are engineered to produce a specific mAb and they are a prominent class of therapeutic biologics in humans. Our most advanced product candidates are mAbs that target and inhibit the function of nerve growth factor ( NGF ) for the control of pain associated with osteoarthritis in dogs and cats.  NGF is a protein that directs nerve growth and is involved in nerve signaling, including pain signals, and NGF inhibitors ( anti-NGFs ) seek to interrupt those signals to reduce pain.  Our anti-NGF portfolio consists of ranevetmab (formerly  NV-01 ) for dogs, frunevetmab (formerly  NV-02 ) for cats, both in late-stage clinical development as monthly subcutaneous injectables, as well as NV-03 for horses which has completed initial proof-of-concept studies. 
 Our most clinically advanced product candidate in ranevetmab.  Our pivotal efficacy and field study of ranevetmab met its primary efficacy endpoint demonstrating a statistically significant improvement over placebo in the assessed level of pain (p=0.041) as measured using changes in CSOM score between enrollment and day 28.  This study s design was agreed under protocol concurrence with the CVM at the FDA.  Ranevetmab was found to be safe and well tolerated with no significant adverse safety signals observed in the study.  Clinically meaningful magnitudes of benefit and statistically significant differences over placebo were also achieved for the majority of the secondary endpoints measured in the study, which used a monthly subcutaneous injection for three months.  Collectively, the results of this study constitute a substantial body of efficacy data that we have filed with the CVM and intend to use as the basis of our planned submissions for marketing authorizations in both the U.S. and Europe.  We have a master collaboration, supply and distribution agreement, and a specific distribution agreement for ranevetmab, with Virbac, one of the larger animal health companies in the world. 
 Our next most advanced product candidate, frunevetmab, is an anti-NGF mAb for the control of pain associated with osteoarthritis in cats.  We have obtained positive and statistically significant results from a proof-of-concept efficacy study and a separate pilot safety study of frunevetmab.  We have also obtained positive results from a placebo-controlled, double-blinded, multi-site pilot field safety and efficacy study, which enrolled 126 cats with naturally occurring osteoarthritis.  In terms of efficacy, a wide range of statistically significant improvements over placebo at multiple time points, using multiple assessment methods, were seen in this study, which used a monthly dose for two months.  Frunevetmab was also found to be safe and well-tolerated in this study, with no significant adverse safety signals detected. Results from this study have informed preparations for a pivotal field efficacy and safety study anticipated to commence in the fourth quarter of 2016, as well as a pivotal target animal safety study which has now commenced.  We have obtained protocol concurrence from the CVM for both pivotal studies of frunevetmab.   
 We also conduct drug discovery in the areas of immuno-oncology, inflammation and allergy.   In July 2015,  we entered a research and development collaboration with Zenoaq, a leading animal health company based in Japan, which involves applying PETization to convert mAb candidates identified by Zenoaq into 100% species-specific candidates in the areas of immuno-oncology, inflammation and allergy.  This collaboration has yielded fully caninized, mAbs that bind to the immuno-oncology target known as programmed cell death protein 1 ( PD-1 ).  PD-1 is the target of approved human therapies, including pembrolizumab (Keytruda) and nivolumab (Opdivo) which have demonstrated efficacy against multiple tumor types. 
 25 
 
    In the U.S., the CVM and the CVB at the U  SDA   and EPA regulate new animal drug candidates.  The USDA   has confirmed its regulatory jurisdiction over anti-PD-1 mAbs, providing the opportunity fo  r a   conditional license.    Conditional licensure allows   a company to start selling a   product on a comparatively rapid basis, under certain conditions, after a demons  tration of purity, safety   if there is   a reasonable expectation of efficacy   for the products  .      While a conditional licensure is in place, the license holder   must   continue   to develop   efficacy data in order to apply for   a   full approval.      We have commenced pharmacokinetic, preliminary safety, immunogenicity   proof   of   concept studies   for our anti-PD-1 program  .     
 Our most advanced anti-inflammatory programs consist of mAb candidates targeting TNFs.   TNF is a protein that causes inflammation and anti-TNFs suppress this inflammation.   In humans, anti-TNFs include several marketed therapies such as infliximab (Remicade) and adalimumab (Humira) that have been among the top-selling drugs in the world, due to their therapeutic action in a variety of inflammatory conditions.  Our drug discovery team has used PETization to create fully canine and fully feline anti-TNFs that demonstrate high potency in neutralizing canine and feline TNF.  
 In September 2015, we secured a biopharmaceutical manufacturing facility in Tullamore, Ireland.  We have reconfigured it to be a dedicated veterinary biopharmaceutical facility with the capability to meet our anticipated future clinical and commercial production needs for drug substance.  The facility is operated by our wholly-owned subsidiary BioNua. 
 Since our initial public offering, we have focused on clinical development of our most advanced candidates and securing infrastructure to become a vertically integrated veterinary biopharmaceutical company.  We are building a pipeline of development candidates derived from PETization in therapeutic areas where human mAbs have had significant impact.  
 We have incurred losses since our inception and had an accumulated deficit of $48.1 million and $43.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, respectively.  For the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to incur losses and negative cash flows, which will increase significantly from historical levels as we expand our development activities, seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates and begin to commercialize any approved products.  To date, we have been funded primarily through sales of capital shares.  Management believes our unrestricted cash of $24.6 million as of September 30, will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months.  
 We will require additional capital until such time as we can generate revenue in excess of operating expenses.  We may seek such funding through public or private equity or debt financing or other sources, such as corporate collaborations and licensing arrangements.  We may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all.  The sale of additional equity would result in additional dilution to our shareholders, and the terms of any financing may adversely affect the rights of our shareholders.  The incurrence of any debt financing could result in debt service obligations and the instruments governing such debt could provide for operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations.  If we are unable to obtain funding, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or commercialization efforts, which could adversely affect our business prospects. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Operating Expenses  
 The majority of our operating expenses have been research and development activities related to our lead product candidates and general and administrative costs associated with our business.  
 Research and Development Expense  
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and consist primarily of (i) payroll and related expense for all employees engaged in scientific research and development functions, including wages, related benefits and share-based compensation, (ii) fees for regulatory, professional and other consultants and (iii) development costs, including costs of drug discovery, safety, proof of concept , pilot and pivotal safety and efficacy studies, development of biological materials, and service providers.  We use our employee and infrastructure resources across multiple development programs.  We allocate outsourced development costs by lead product candidates, but we do not allocate personnel or other internal costs related to development to specific product candidates.  
 We expect research and development expense to remain near current levels for the foreseeable future.  We expect future research and development costs associated with ranevetmab to be approximately $4.6 million over the next three years.  This includes $0.8 million for the costs of pivotal safety studies and $3.8 million for chemistry, manufacturing and controls ( CMC ) studies, stability studies and regulatory compliance and other miscellaneous costs.  Assuming development costs similar to those anticipated for ranevetmab, we estimate research and development expense for the development of frunevetmab to be approximately $4.9 million over the next three years. 
 26 
 
    Drug development is inherently unpredictable and the nature, specific timing and estimated cos  ts of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the development of our lead product candidates are subject to numerous factors.  For example, the nature, timing and amount of research and development expense incurred will depend largely upon the outco  mes of current and future pivotal safety and efficacy studies for our lead product candidates as well as the related regulatory requirements, manufacturing costs and other costs associated with the development of our lead product candidates.  Factors that   can influence the duration, cost and timing of our pivotal safety and efficacy studies and development of our lead product candidates include:   

the scope, rate of progress and expense of our ongoing studies, as well as any additional pivotal safety and efficacy studies and other research and development activities;      

results of future pivotal safety and efficacy studies;      

CMC studies;     

potential changes in government regulation; and      

the timing and receipt of any regulatory approvals.      

 A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of a lead product candidate could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate.  
 General and Administrative Expense  
 General and administrative expense consists primarily of non-research and development-related payroll and related expense for employees, consultants and directors, including wages, related benefits and share-based compensation.  General and administrative expense also includes professional and consulting fees for legal, accounting, tax services and other general business services, as well other expenses such as travel, rent and facilities costs.  We expect general and administrative expense to increase as we operate as a public company, pursue our patent rights and solidify our freedom to operate, continue to build our corporate infrastructure globally and prepare to commercialize and market our products.  
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Research and Development Income  
 Australia 
 We are eligible under the AusIndustry research and development incentive program to obtain a cash amount from the ATO.  The incentive is available to us on the basis of specific criteria with which we must comply.  Although the incentive is administered through the ATO, we have accounted for the incentive outside the scope of Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 740,  Income Taxes , as an income tax benefit since we meet the applicable requirements to participate in the program and the incentive is not linked to our income tax liability and can be realized regardless of whether we have generated taxable income.  Research and development income is recognized when eligible research and development activities have been undertaken and we have completed our assessment of whether such activities meet the relevant qualifying criteria.  We intend to continue conducting research and development in Australia, and we therefore expect to remain eligible for this incentive.  
 Ireland 
 Nexvet Ireland and BioNua are both eligible under the Research and Development Tax Credit ( R D Tax Credit ) Guidelines of Ireland to claim a tax credit, up to 25% of eligible research and development expenditure less expenditure already covered by the IDA grant assistance.  The tax credit is normally offset against corporation tax payable in Ireland.  For companies at the same stage of development as Nexvet Ireland and BioNua, there may be the ability to elect to receive the tax credit as a cash payment in three equal amounts, approximately 9, 21 and 33 months after the relevant fiscal year end, subject to meeting certain qualifying subject criteria.   
 Government Grant Income  
 We are eligible, under an agreement with the IDA, to receive cash as grant income based on a fixed percentage of eligible research and development expenditure in Ireland on a defined project, which includes the achievement of pre-agreed performance targets.  Any expenditure eligible under this agreement cannot be claimed under the R D tax credit scheme.  The maximum grant available to us is  2.4 million over the life of the agreement. 
 We recognize government grant income at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and it is probable that all attaching conditions will be complied with.  When the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is included in the balance sheet as deferred grant income, which is released to income over the expected useful life in a manner consistent with the depreciation method for the relevant asset and subject to meeting other relevant conditions, and it is recorded on the balance sheet as other income receivable until cash is received.  When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognized as income over the periods necessary to match the grant on a systematic basis to the costs that it is intended to compensate, and it is recorded on the balance sheet as other income receivable until cash is received. 
 27 
 
    We have complied with all other requirements of the agreement to date.   
 Exchange (Loss) Gain   
 Exchange (loss) gain consists primarily of losses or gains due to foreign exchange translation, primarily reflecting changes in Australian and U.S. foreign exchange rates.  Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP, these items also relate to a translation of U.S. dollar-denominated bank accounts into Nexvet Australia s Australian dollar functional currency and represent a non-cash item.  
 Interest Income  
 We earn interest on the cash balances held with financial institutions and recognize interest when earned on an accrual basis over time.  
 Results of Operations  
 Results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

Foreign Currency 
 Our reporting currency is U.S. dollars, and the functional currency for most subsidiaries is their local currency.  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the current exchange rate as of the date of the transaction.  At period-end, monetary items denominated in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency of the relevant entity using the period end spot rate.  The exchange gain of $1.0 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and an exchange loss of $0.1 million, for the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily related to the translation of Nexvet Australia s U.S. dollar-denominated bank accounts to its Australian dollar functional currency. 
 In preparing our consolidated financial statements, the financial statements of subsidiaries are translated at period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities and at weighted-average rates for revenue and expenses.  The resulting translation adjustments are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), or OCI.  The non-cash translation adjustment in accumulated OCI was a loss of $1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and a gain of $69,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  These adjustments primarily related to the translation of U.S. dollar-denominated bank accounts within Nexvet Australia s balance sheet to the U.S. dollar presentation currency of the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Although the two foreign exchange-related items both relate to our U.S. dollar-denominated bank accounts, which in substance offset each other, under U.S. GAAP, there is no offset of these two items within the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.  Accordingly, in addition to U.S. GAAP measures, management uses net loss excluding exchange loss or gain, which is a non GAAP financial measure, to evaluate the business as management believes that it is a better reflection of the underlying business performance. 
 28 
 
    Net loss excluding exchan  ge     (loss)   gain   for the   three     months ended   September   3  0  , 201  6   and   201  5  , and a reconciliation to net loss   in each respective period  , is presented below:      

Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
 Research and Development Expense  
 Research and development expense for the three months ended September   30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:  

Research and development expense decreased $0.2 million, or 6%, from $3.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $3.5 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016.  The decrease was primarily attributable to a $0.7 million decrease in development costs offset by a $0.5 million increase in payroll and related costs.  Development costs decreased as we had completed our pilot and piotal safety and efficacy studies for ranevetmab in prior periods.  Payroll and related costs increased as we continued to build our research and development team, including expanding the team at our manufacturing facility.   
 In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, outsourced development costs were $0.3 million and $1.3 million, respectively, for ranevetmab, $0.6 million and $0.8 million, respectively, for frunevetmab, and $0.9 million and $0.5 million, respectively, for general research.  
 In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, research and development expense associated with our manufacturing facility in Ireland was $1.1 million and $nil, respectively. 
 General and Administrative Expense  
 General and administrative expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:  

General and administrative expense increased by $0.3 million, or 16%, from $1.9 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $2.2 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016.  The $0.3 million increase was primarily attributable to consulting and legal costs associated with our consideration of strategic, business development and other opportunities. 
 Research and Development Income  
 Research and development income decreased by $0.1 million, or 15%, from $0.6 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $0.5 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to a decrease in qualifying expenditures as lead programs progressed from the research phase (where expenditure is predominantly incurred in Australia) into the clinical and manufacturing scale-up phases (where expenditure is predominantly incurred outside of Australia). 
 29 
 
    Government Grant Income  
 In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $0.2 million and $nil under the IDA grant award, respectively. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 We have incurred losses and negative cash flows from operations since our inception.  As of September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $48.1 million.  Prior to becoming a public company, we raised aggregate gross proceeds of $41.4 million from the private sale of preference shares, ordinary shares, convertible notes and warrants.  In February and March 2015, we raised further aggregate gross proceeds of $41.8 million with aggregate net proceeds of $38.0 million, after deducting the underwriting discount of $2.9 million and offering expenses of $0.9 million payable by us, from the sale of ordinary shares in our initial public offering.  We believe our unrestricted cash balance of $24.6 million as of September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to fund our anticipated level of operations for at least the next 12 months.  For the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to incur losses, which will increase from historical levels as we expand our product development activities, seek regulatory approvals for our lead product candidates and begin commercialization activities in anticipation of regulatory approval.  
 However, our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, such as strategic collaborations.  Such financing may result in dilution to shareholders, imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations or other restrictions that may affect our business.  In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plan.  
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including:  

the scope, progress, results and costs of researching and developing our current or future product candidates, including conducting proof-of-concept and pilot and pivotal safety and efficacy studies;      

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for any of our current or future product candidates;      

the number and characteristics of the product candidates we pursue;      

whether we acquire or license any other companies, assets, intellectual property or technologies in the future;      

the cost of commercialization activities, if any of our current or future product candidates are approved for sale, including marketing, sales and distribution costs;      

the cost associated with our manufacturing facility, including the cost of manufacturing our current and future product candidates and any approved products we successfully commercialize;      

our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements;      

the expenses needed to attract and retain skilled personnel;      

the costs associated with being a public company; and      

the costs involved in preparing and, filing, prosecuting, maintaining our patents, opposing patent claims of third parties and, defending and enforcing any patent claims brought against us, including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation.      

 Cash Flows  
 The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the periods set forth below:  

30 
 
    Net Cash Used in Operating Activities   
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in operating activities was $6.4 million.  Net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to our net loss of $5.1 million and by changes in our operating assets and liabilities of $1.9 million (principally comprising a decrease of $1.4 million in accounts payable, accrued expenses, other liabilities and deferred income and an increase of $0.5 million in other income receivable), offset by non-cash share-based compensation expense of $0.5 million and non-cash depreciation and amortization of $0.2 million.   
 For the three months ended September 31, 2015, net cash used in operating activities was $1.0 million.  Net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to our net loss of $4.0 million offset by non-cash share-based compensation expense of $0.5 million and non-cash depreciation and amortization of $0.1 million and by changes in our operating assets and liabilities of $2.4 million (principally comprising a decrease of $2.4 million in other income receivable and a increase of $0.7 million in accounts payable, accrued expenses, other liabilities and deferred income offset by an increase of  $0.7 million in prepaid expenses). 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $0.6 million, which was primarily attributable to purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangibles, including $0.5 million of other equipment in our manufacturing facility. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2015, net cash used in investing activities was $2.0 million, which was primarily attributable to purchases of property, plant and equipment and intangibles, including $2.0 million for the initial acquisition of manufacturing assets in our facility in Tullamore, Ireland.  
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities was $20,000, which was attributable to gross proceeds from the exercise or conversion of share awards issued to employees and directors.  
 For the three months ended September 30, 2015, net cash provided by financing activities was $6,000, which was attributable to gross proceeds from the exercise or conversion of share awards issued to employees and directors. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments  
 Our contractual obligations and commitments   were reported in our annual report on Form 10 K filed with the SEC on September 2, 2016.  In September 2015, we entered a 10 year lease for a manufacturing facility in Tullamore, Ireland, with an option to purchase the building.  As of September 30, 2016, commitments on this lease totaled $1.1 million.  There have been no other material changes from the contractual obligations and commitments previously disclosed in our annual report on Form 10 K. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  
 Since inception, we have not engaged in the use of any off-balance sheet arrangements, such as structured finance entities, special purpose entities or variable interest entities.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates  
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue, and expenses during the reporting periods.  On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those described below.  We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that may not readily apparent from other sources.  Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, we believe that the estimates and assumptions involved in the following accounting policies may have the greatest potential impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 31 
 
    Research and Development Accruals   
 As part of the process of preparing our condensed consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate accrued research and development expenses.  Examples of estimated accrued expenses include fees paid to vendors and clinical sites in connection with our field safety and efficacy studies, to contract research organizations in connection with our proof of concept, pilot and pivotal safety and efficacy studies and to contract manufacturers in connection with the production of our product candidates and formulated biologics.  
 We review new and open contracts and communicate with applicable internal and vendor personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimate the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual cost for accrued expenses.  The majority of our service providers invoice us monthly in arrears for services performed or as milestones are achieved.  We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date.  
 We base our accrued expenses related to proof-of-concept, pilot and pivotal safety and efficacy studies on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with vendors, our internal resources, and payments to clinical sites based on animal enrollments.  The financial terms of the vendor agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to contract and may result in uneven payment flows.  Payments under some of these contracts depend on factors such as the successful enrollment of animals and the completion of development milestones.  We estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of effort to be expended in each period.  If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the related expense accrual accordingly on a prospective basis.  If we do not identify costs that have been incurred or if we underestimate or overestimate the level of services performed or the costs of these services, our actual expenses could differ from our estimates.  To date, we have not made any material adjustments to our estimates of accrued research and development expenses or the level of services performed in any reporting period presented.  
 Share-Based Compensation  
 We recognize share-based compensation expense based on the grant date fair value of the award over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award.  Where performance conditions are attached to the awards, compensation expense is recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved, net of an estimate of pre-vesting forfeitures over the requisite service period.  The probability of vesting is reassessed at each reporting period for awards with performance conditions and compensation expense is adjusted based on its probability assessment.  
 Determining the fair value of share-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, and our estimates of the fair value of our ordinary shares prior to the completion of our initial public offering was highly complex and subjective.  
 We use the binomial option-pricing model to determine the fair value of share options.  This determination is affected by our estimated fair value per ordinary share as well as assumptions regarding a number of other complex and subjective variables.  These variables include the fair value of our ordinary shares, the expected term of the share option, our volatility over that expected term, expected dividend yield and risk-free interest rates.  Restricted share units are valued at the fair value of the underlying ordinary shares as of the date of grant. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further details.  
 In addition to these assumptions, we estimate forfeitures based upon our historical experience.  At each period end, we review the estimated forfeiture rate and make changes as factors affecting the forfeiture rate calculations and assumptions change.  
 If any assumptions used in the binomial option-pricing model change significantly, share-based compensation for future awards may differ materially compared with the awards granted previously.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, share-based compensation expense was $0.5 million and $0.4 million, respectively.  We had an aggregate of $4.3 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense for share awards outstanding as of September 30, 2016, which we expect to recognize over an estimated period of 4.4 years.  
   As permitted by Australian law, the board of directors of Nexvet Australia historically granted share options and restricted share units with an exercise or conversion price of zero.  Because Irish law requires the payment to an issuer of at least the nominal value of shares in order to acquire such shares from the issuer, any options or restricted share units with a zero exercise or conversion price became exercisable or convertible, as applicable, at the nominal value per ordinary share in August 2014.  This nominal value became $0.10 per ordinary share in September 2014 and was revised to $0.125 per ordinary share in connection with the four-for-five share consolidation in November 2014. Contemporaneously with these awards and based upon information available at the time of grant, the board of directors, with the assistance of management, also determined the fair value of the shares underlying these awards for financial reporting purposes.  The intention has been that all awards granted have been ascribed a value per ordinary share for financial reporting purposes equal to the fair value per ordinary share underlying those awards on the date of grant.  Prior to our initial public offering, when there was no public trading market for our ordinary shares, and in accordance with the American Institute of  
 32 
 
  Certified Public Ac  countants Practice Aid,   Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation  , our board of directors has exercised reasonable judgment and considered numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the best estimate of the fa  ir value of our ordinary shares at each grant date.  These factors included:   

contemporaneous third-party valuations;      

current business conditions and projections;      

risks inherent to the development of our research and development programs, including the status of pivotal safety and efficacy studies for our lead product candidates;      

our financial condition, including cash on hand;      

our need for future financing to fund our research and development efforts and the commercialization of our lead product candidates;      

the composition of, and changes to, our management team and board of directors;      

the rights and preferences of our preference shares relative to our ordinary shares;      

the lack of marketability of our ordinary shares; and      

external market and economic conditions and other trends and conditions affecting the pharmaceutical, veterinary care and biotechnology industries.      

 Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act  
 The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act ,  provides that an  emerging growth company  can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until those standards apply to private companies.  We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this delayed adoption of new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as public companies that are not emerging growth companies.  
 Income Taxes 
 We have historically filed income tax returns in Australia, the United States and Ireland.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had total deferred tax assets of $6.8 million.  Our management has evaluated the factors bearing upon the ability to realize our deferred tax assets, which are comprised largely of tax loss carry forwards.  Our management concluded that a full valuation allowance was necessary to offset our net deferred tax assets due to our lack of taxable income prospects for the foreseeable future.  
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) .  This guidance requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  This guidance also requires an entity to disclose sufficient information to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.  Qualitative and quantitative information is required about:  

Contracts with customers   including revenue and impairments recognized, disaggregation of revenue and information about contract balances and performance obligations (including the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations).      

Significant judgments and changes in judgments   determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations (over time or at a point in time), and determining the transaction price and amounts allocated to performance obligations.      

Certain assets   assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract.      

 In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers   (Topic 606) Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing .  The guidance clarifies that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers that reflects the consideration and revenue to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods, services or performance obligations.   
 33 
 
    This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.  Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting pe  riods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period.    We   do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on   our   consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows  .  
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014 15,  Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205 40).   This guidance defines management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures.  Under the guidance, management is required to evaluate, for each annual and interim reporting period, whether it is probable that the entity will not be able to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or are available to be issued.  When management identifies substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as a going concern, additional disclosures are required.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  
 In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740) Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes .  This guidance simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes, in that it requires deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.  This amendment applies to all entities that present a classified statement of financial position.  The current requirement that deferred tax liabilities and assets of a tax paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by the amendments in this update.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, however early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period.  We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  
 In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments Overall (Subtopic 825-10) Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities .  This guidance requires equity investments to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments, eliminates certain disclosure requirements, requires public companies to use the exit price notion when measuring fair value, and requires certain changes to the presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption for public entities is allowable only for the provisions related to elimination of fair value disclosure requirements and related to presentation of fair value changes resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. Early adoption is not allowed for any other provisions.  We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 , Leases (Topic 842) .  This guidance increases transparency and comparability by recognizing the assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements.  The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, for public business entity, not-for-profit and employee benefit plans and for all other entities this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim period within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020.  Early adoption is permitted for all entities.  We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05,  Liabilities Derivative and Hedging (Topic 815) .  This amendment is to clarify that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as the hedging instrument under Topic 815 does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedging relationship provided that all other hedge accounting criteria continue to be met.  This guidance will be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption for public entities is allowable.  We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting .  This guidance clarifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows.  The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period.  We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 34 
 
    In April   2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) Identifying Performance Obligations an  d Licensing  .  The guidance clarifies that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers that reflects the consideration and revenue to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those   goods   or services or performance obligations satisfied.      In   addition, in May   2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12  ,     Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients  . The core principal of   this guidance   i  s the recognition of revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services  .      This guidance will be effective   for annual reporting p  eriods beginning after December   15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period.  Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting p  eriods beginning after December   15, 2016, including interim periods with  in that reporting period.  We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows  .  
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326).   This guidance requires that financial assets measured at amortized cost be presented at the net amount expected to be collected.  The allowance for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis.  The statement of operations reflects the measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial assets, as well as the expected credit losses during the period.  The measurement of expected credit losses is based upon historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount.  Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities will be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a direct write-down to the security. ASU 2016-13 will become effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   This guidance relates to eight specific cash flow issues and their appropriate disclosure and classifications.  The eight specific cash flow issues are: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing; contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; distributions received from equity method investees; beneficial interests in securitization transactions and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle.  This guidance will become effective for us for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted.  We do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
   
     Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
 Our cash as of September 30, 2016 was deposited with several large commercial banks located in the U.S., Australia and Ireland.  Our primary exposure to market risk for our cash is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. and, to a lesser extent, Australian interest rates.  However, because our cash is held in bank accounts, a sudden change in the interest rates associated with our cash balances would not be expected to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.  
 We do not have any major foreign currency or derivative financial instruments.  Cash is predominantly held in U.S. dollars.  We have operations in different economic environments that use the local currency as the functional currency.  This exposes us to currency exchange fluctuations.  

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures  
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective.  
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

35 
 
        PAR  T II   OTHER INFORMATION   
     Item 1A.  Risk Factors  
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in the  Risk Factors  section of our Form 10 K for the year ended June 30, 2016.  
   
   Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 Use of Proceeds from Initial Public Offering 
 On February 4, 2015, our registration statement on Form S 1 (File No. 333-201309) was declared effective by the SEC for our initial public offering, pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 4.2 million ordinary shares (including the underwriters  partial exercise of their overallotment option) at a price to the public of $10.00 per share.  Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, Cowen and Company, LLC, Piper Jaffray   Co. and JMP Securities LLC acted as underwriters.  Following the sale of the securities registered in the registration statement, the offering terminated.  On February 10, 2015 and March 11, 2015, we closed the sale of such shares, resulting in aggregate gross proceeds to us of $41.8 million and net proceeds to us of $38.0 million, after deducting the underwriting discount of $2.9 million and offering expenses payable by us of $0.9 million.  As of September 30, 2016, we have used $13.9 million of the proceeds from our initial public offering to fund the purchase of assets in a biologics manufacturing facility in Ireland, program development expenses and associated operating expenses.  We have not made any payments to our directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our ordinary shares or to their associates, or to our affiliates.  Otherwise, there has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from our initial public offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on February 5, 2015 pursuant to Rule 424(b). 

36 
 
        I  tem 6. Exhibits   

Incorporated by Reference  

Filed/Furnished 
 Herewith  

Exhibit 
 Number  

Exhibit Description  

Form  

File No.  

Exhibit Filing Date  

12.1  

Statement Regarding Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preference Share Dividends  

X  

31.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

31.2  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a)/15d 14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

32.1*  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

32.2*  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

X  

101.INS  

XBRL Instance Document.  

X  

101.SCH  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

X  

101.CAL  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.DEF  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.LAB  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.  

X  

101.PRE  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  

X  

*   
 
 This certification is deemed not filed for purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.    

37 
 
        S  IGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

Nexvet Biopharma public limited company  

Date: November 4, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Mark Heffernan   

Mark Heffernan, Ph.D.  

Chief Executive Officer and Director  

Date: November 4, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Damian Lismore  

Damian Lismore  

Chief Financial Officer  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

38  

<EX-12.1>
 2
 nvet-ex121_7.htm
 EX-12.1

nvet-ex121_7.htm

Exhibit 12.1 
   
 STATEMENT REGARDING COMPUTATION OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES  
 AND PREFERENCE SHARE DIVIDENDS 
 (in thousands) 

(1) One third of rental expense is estimated to be the interest component of rental expense. 
 (2) Earnings were insufficient to cover total fixed charges and total combined fixed charges and preference share dividends.  

</EX-12.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 nvet-ex311_6.htm
 EX-31.1

nvet-ex311_6.htm

Exhibit 31.1  
 Certification Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14a 
 As Adopted Pursuant to  
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 I, Mark Heffernan, certify that:  
 1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Nexvet Biopharma public limited company; 
 2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 4, 2016  

/ s /  Mark Heffernan, Ph.D.   

Mark Heffernan, Ph.D.  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 nvet-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

nvet-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2  
 Certification Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14a 
 As Adopted Pursuant to  
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 I, Damian Lismore, certify that:  
 1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Nexvet Biopharma public limited company; 
 2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Damian Lismore  

Damian Lismore  

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 nvet-ex321_10.htm
 EX-32.1

nvet-ex321_10.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to  
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  In connection with the quarterly report of Nexvet Biopharma public limited company (the    Company   ) on Form 10 Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the    Report   ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of the Company hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge:  

1.   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Mark Heffernan, Ph.D.  

Mark Heffernan, Ph.D.  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 nvet-ex322_9.htm
 EX-32.2

nvet-ex322_9.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 As Adopted Pursuant to  
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
  In connection with the quarterly report of Nexvet Biopharma public limited company (the    Company   ) on Form 10 Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the    Report   ), the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge:  

1.   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 4, 2016  

/s/ Damian Lismore  

Damian Lismore  

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 nvet-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nvet-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nvet-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nvet-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nvet-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nvet-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

