<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1114220_0001193125-16-763698_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3441591</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>185143</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>250197</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>482435</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1563203</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>837518</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-763698.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109071858
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-763698
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KERYX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001114220
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				134087132
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30929
		FILM NUMBER:		161982782

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MARINA PARK DR.
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-466-3500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE MARINA PARK DR.
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-763698.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d268086d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

   UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  OR       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                         
  Commission File Number 000-30929        
       KERYX
BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Delaware  
   
  13-4087132   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    
    One Marina Park Drive, 12 th  Floor   
  Boston, Massachusetts 02210   
  (Address including zip code of principal executive offices)   
  (617) 466-3500   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes         No         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes         No       
 There were 105,960,364 shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value, outstanding as of November 4, 2016. 

Table of Contents  

   KERYX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
  FORM 10-Q      FOR THE
QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016        TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page  

SPECIAL CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

1 

PART I   
   
   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

2 

Item 1  
   
  Financial Statements  

2 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  

2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  

4 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  

5 

Item 2  
   
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

19 

Item 3  
   
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

31 

Item 4  
   
  Controls and Procedures  

31 

PART II   
   
   OTHER INFORMATION   

31 

Item 1  
   
  Legal Proceedings  

31 

Item 1A  
   
  Risk Factors  

32 

Item 5  
   
  Other Information  

32 

Item 6  
   
  Exhibits  

32 

Table of Contents  

     SPECIAL CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
    Certain matters discussed in this report, including matters discussed under the caption  Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by
such forward-looking statements. The words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   may,   expect,   will,   project  and similar expressions are generally intended to identify
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, those discussed under the caption  Risk
Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q as well as under the captions  Risk Factors,   Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and elsewhere in this report, as well as other factors which may be identified from time to time in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, or in the documents
where such forward-looking statements appear. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
about our:      

estimates regarding market size and projected growth, as well as our expectation of market acceptance of Auryxia    (ferric citrate), market share and product sales
guidance;        

expectations regarding the commercialization of Auryxia, including statements relating to the interruption in the supply of Auryxia and when Auryxia may be available to patients again;    

expectations regarding our ability to successfully develop and obtain FDA approval of Auryxia for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease patients;    

expectations regarding our ability to identify a commercial partner(s) to launch Fexeric    (ferric citrate coordination complex) in the European market;

expectations for generating revenue, positive cash flow or becoming profitable on a sustained basis;        

estimates of the sufficiency of our existing cash and cash equivalents to finance our operating requirements;        

expected losses;        

expectations for future capital requirements;        

expectations for increases or decreases in expenses;        

expectations for pre-clinical and clinical development and regulatory progress, including manufacturing, commercialization and reimbursement (including market acceptance) of ferric citrate or any other products that we
may acquire or in-license;        

expectations for incurring capital expenditures to expand our development and manufacturing capabilities;        

expectations regarding our ability to successfully market Riona    through our Japanese partner, Japan Tobacco, Inc. and its subsidiary Torii Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd.;        

expectations of the scope of patent protection with respect to Auryxia, Fexeric and Riona;        

expectations or ability to enter into marketing and other partnership agreements; and        

expectations or ability to enter into product acquisition and in-licensing transactions.      The
forward-looking statements contained in this report reflect our views and assumptions only as of the date that this report is signed. Except as required by law, we assume no responsibility for updating any forward-looking statements.  
 In addition, with respect to all of our forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements
contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
      1  

Table of Contents  

     PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
    Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.   
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  
       
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)      
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      2  

Table of Contents  

     Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.   
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  
       
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)      
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      3  

Table of Contents  

     Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.   
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)      
     (in thousands)  
   
    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   
      4  

Table of Contents  

     Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.   
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)      
      Unless the context requires otherwise, references
in this report to  Keryx,   Company,   we,   us  and  our  refer to Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. and our subsidiaries.   
  NOTE 1   DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS     We
are a biopharmaceutical company focused on bringing innovative medicines to people with renal disease. Our marketed product, Auryxia (ferric citrate), is an oral, absorbable, iron-based medicine, that received marketing approval from the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration, or FDA, in September 2014 for the control of serum phosphorus levels in patients with chronic kidney disease, or CKD, on dialysis. Ferric citrate is also approved in Japan under the trade name Riona and marketed by our
Japanese partner, Japan Tobacco Inc., or JT, and its subsidiary, Torii Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd., or Torii, and approved in Europe as Fexeric. When discussing ferric citrate in the United States in reference to our marketed product, we will refer to
it as Auryxia, when discussing it in the United States in reference to our investigational medicine in Phase 3, we will refer to it as ferric citrate, when discussing it in Japan, we will refer to it as Riona, and when discussing it in Europe, we
will refer to it as Fexeric.    We launched Auryxia in the United States in late December 2014. Auryxia is being marketed in the United
States through our specialty salesforce and commercial infrastructure. Our sales organization is aligned to 95 territories calling on target nephrologists and their associated dialysis centers.  
 On August 1, 2016, we announced that an interruption in the supply of Auryxia tablets was imminent due to a production-related issue in
converting active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, to finished drug product at our existing contract manufacturer. This issue resulted in variable production yields of finished drug product and, as a result, we exhausted our reserve of finished
drug product. Inventories of Auryxia were not sufficient to ensure uninterrupted patient access to this medicine. The supply interruption does not affect the safety profile of currently available Auryxia. We are working with our existing
manufacturer to resolve the production-related issue. In addition, since approval of Auryxia in 2014, we have been working to bring a secondary manufacturer online to supply finished drug product. We recently filed for approval of this manufacturer
with the FDA and the FDA has assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, action date of November 13, 2016. Pending FDA approval of our second manufacturing site on the assigned PDUFA action date, we expect to make Auryxia available to
patients during the fourth quarter of 2016, however, there can be no assurances that this manufacturer will be approved or that Auryxia will be available to patients within this time period. This supply interruption does not affect the supply of
Riona manufactured and sold by JT in Japan.    In March 2016, we announced positive top-line results from our pivotal Phase 3 study of
ferric citrate for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia, or IDA, in adults with stage 3-5 non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease, or NDD-CKD. This study s primary endpoint was the between group comparison of the proportion of patients
achieving a 1 g/dL or greater increase in hemoglobin at any point during the 16-week randomized period of the study. Secondary endpoints in the Phase 3 study included the change from baseline to the end of the randomized period for hemoglobin,
ferritin, TSAT and serum phosphorus. The top-line results demonstrated statistically significant differences between ferric citrate- and placebo-treated patients for the primary endpoint and all pre-specified secondary endpoints. The majority of
patients in the ferric citrate group (52 percent) achieved a 1 g/dL or greater increase in hemoglobin at any point during the 16-week randomized period as comparted to 19 percent in the placebo group (p 0.001). Additionally, the safety profile of
the investigational medicine was consistent with previously reported clinical studies of ferric citrate, with the majority of adverse events reported as mild to moderate. We believe this initial data supports our plan to submit a supplemental new
drug application, or sNDA, with the FDA seeking to expand the label for ferric citrate to include the treatment of IDA in adults with stage 3-5 NDD-CKD. The Company has completed the sNDA and is ready to submit to the FDA pending final agreement on
its pediatric plan.    Our Japanese partner, JT and Torii, received manufacturing and marketing approval of ferric citrate from the Japanese
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare as an oral treatment for the improvement of hyperphosphatemia in patients with CKD, including dialysis and NDD-CKD, in January 2014. Torii began to market the product under the brand name Riona in May 2014.
Additionally, in the third quarter of 2016, JT and Torii commenced enrollment in a Phase 2 clinical trial of ferric citrate for the treatment of IDA. Under the license agreement with JT and Torii, we receive royalty payments based on a tiered
double-digit percentage of net sales of Riona in Japan escalating up to the mid-teens, and may also receive up to an additional $55.0 million upon the achievement of certain annual net sales milestones. We in turn owe royalties at a mid-single digit
percentage of net sales to the licensor of ferric citrate associated with net sales of Riona in Japan.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

  On September 23, 2015, the European Commission, or EC, approved Fexeric (ferric citrate
coordination complex) for the control of elevated serum phosphorus levels, or hyperphosphatemia, in adult patients with CKD, including dialysis and NDD-CKD. The EC also considered ferric citrate coordination complex as a New Active Substance, which
provides 10 years of data and marketing exclusivity in the European Union. We are currently seeking potential partners to commercialize Fexeric in the European Union.  
 Currently, our only product is Auryxia. In January 2015, we began to recognize net product sales based on prescription sales of Auryxia in the
United States. We have also generated, and expect to continue to generate, license revenue from the sublicensing of rights to ferric citrate in Japan to our Japanese partner. We may engage in business development activities that include seeking
strategic relationships for ferric citrate outside of the United States, as well as evaluating other compounds and companies for in-licensing or acquisition, with a focus on complementary assets.  
 Our major sources of cash have been proceeds from various public and private offerings of our common stock, the issuance of convertible senior
notes, option and warrant exercises, interest income, upfront and milestone payments from our agreement with JT and Torii, sales of Auryxia and miscellaneous payments from our other prior licensing activities. Even though we are commercializing
Auryxia, we may not become profitable. Our ability to achieve profitability depends on a number of factors, including our ability to complete our development efforts, obtain additional regulatory approvals for Auryxia, successfully complete any
post-approval regulatory obligations and successfully manufacture and commercialize Auryxia alone or in partnership. We may continue to incur substantial operating losses even after we begin to generate meaningful revenues from Auryxia.  
 During 2015, we completed two financings to secure capital needed to fund our commercialization efforts and to continue the clinical
development of Auryxia. In January 2015, we raised approximately $118.3 million, net of underwriting discounts and offering expenses, in an underwritten public offering of our common stock. Additionally, in October 2015, we completed the sale of
$125 million of Convertible Senior Notes due 2020, or the Notes, to funds managed by The Baupost Group, L.L.C., or Baupost. As of September 30, 2016, Baupost beneficially owns approximately 24% of our issued and outstanding common stock. If all of
the Notes were converted into our common stock, Baupost would beneficially own approximately 42% of our issued and outstanding common stock.  
 Most of our biopharmaceutical development and substantially all of our administrative operations during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 were conducted in the United States of America.     NOTE 2   BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES       Basis of Presentation    
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles, or GAAP, for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they may not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial
statements. All adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, of a normal recurring nature and are necessary for a fair presentation of these interim financial statements have been included. These interim financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected for the entire fiscal year or any other interim period.      Principles of Consolidation    
 The condensed consolidated financial statements include our financial statements and those of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.      Use of Estimates    
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities  
      6  

Table of Contents  

at the date of these condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the applicable reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Such differences could be material to these condensed consolidated financial statements.      Cash and Cash Equivalents    
 We consider liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash and cash equivalents. At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, all of our cash and cash equivalents were held in either commercial bank accounts or money market funds.  
   Inventory      Inventory is stated at
the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. We determine the cost of our inventory, which includes amounts related to materials, third-party contract manufacturing and packaging services, and manufacturing overhead, on a first-in, first-out
basis. We capitalize inventory costs at our suppliers when, based on management s judgment, the realization of future economic benefit is probable at each given supplier. We received FDA approval for Auryxia on September 5, 2014, and on that
date began capitalizing inventory purchases of saleable product from certain suppliers. Prior to FDA approval, all saleable product purchased from such suppliers was included as a component of research and development expense.  
   Accounts Receivable, Net      We
extend credit to our customers for U.S. Auryxia product sales resulting in accounts receivable. Customer accounts are monitored for past due amounts. Past due accounts receivable, determined to be uncollectible, are written off against the allowance
for doubtful accounts. Allowances for doubtful accounts are estimated based upon past due amounts, historical losses and existing economic factors, and are adjusted periodically. We offer cash discounts to certain of our customers, generally 2% of
the sales price, as an incentive for prompt payment. The estimate of cash discounts is recorded at the time of sale. We account for the cash discounts by reducing revenue and accounts receivable by the amount of the discounts we expect our customers
to take. The accounts receivable are reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheets net of the allowances for doubtful accounts and cash discounts. There was no allowance for doubtful accounts at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
   Revenue Recognition      Our
commercial launch of our only product, Auryxia, in the United States occurred in late December 2014. We sell product to a limited number of major wholesalers, our Distributors, as well as certain pharmacies, or collectively, our Customers. Our
Distributors resell the product to retail pharmacies for purposes of the pharmacies reselling the product to fill patient prescriptions. In accordance with GAAP, our revenue recognition policy requires that: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an
arrangement exists between us and the Customer, (ii) delivery has occurred, (iii) collectibility is reasonably assured, and (iv) the price is fixed or determinable. Until we have the ability to reliably estimate returns of Auryxia from our
Customers, revenue will be recognized based on the resale of Auryxia for the purposes of filling patient prescriptions, and not based on initial sales from us to our Customers. Consistent with industry practice, once we can reliably estimate returns
based on sales to our Customers, we anticipate that our revenues will be recognized based on sales to our Customers. We currently defer Auryxia revenue recognition until the earlier of the product being resold for purposes of filling patient
prescriptions and the expiration of the right of return (twelve months after the expiration date of the product). The deferred revenue is recorded net of discounts, rebates, and chargebacks. We also defer the related cost of product sales and
record such amounts as finished goods inventory held by others, which is included in inventory on our condensed consolidated balance sheets, until revenue related to such product sales is recognized. We will change our method of revenue recognition
from the sell-through (deferred) method based on the fulfillment of patient prescriptions to the pull-through (ex-factory) method based on sales to our Customers beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, based on our ability to reasonably estimate
product returns.    We have written contracts with our Customers and delivery occurs when a Customer receives Auryxia. We evaluate the
creditworthiness of each of our Customers to determine whether revenues can be recognized upon delivery, subject to satisfaction of the other requirements, or whether recognition is required to be delayed until receipt of payment. In order to
conclude that the price is fixed or determinable, we must be able to (i) calculate our gross product sales from the sales to Customers and (ii) reasonably estimate our net product sales. We calculate gross product
 
      7  

Table of Contents  

sales based on the wholesale acquisition cost that we charge our Customers for Auryxia. We estimate our net product sales by deducting from our gross product sales (a) trade allowances, such as
invoice discounts for prompt payment and distributor fees, (b) estimated government and private payor rebates, chargebacks and discounts, such as Medicaid reimbursements, (c) reserves for expected product returns, upon our ultimate
transition to a sell-in revenue recognition model and (d) estimated costs of incentives offered to certain indirect customers, including patients.  
  Trade Allowances:  We generally provide invoice discounts on Auryxia sales to our Distributors for prompt payment and pay fees for
distribution services, such as fees for certain data that Distributors provide to us. The payment terms for sales to Distributors generally include a prompt-pay discount for payment made within 30 days. Based on our judgment and industry experience,
we expect our Distributors to earn these discounts and fees, and deduct the full amount of these discounts and fees from our gross product sales and accounts receivable at the time such revenues are recognized.  
  Rebates, Chargebacks and Discounts:  We contract with Medicaid, other government agencies and various commercial and Medicare Part D
private insurance providers, or collectively, our Third-Party Payors, so that Auryxia will be eligible for partial or full reimbursement from such Third-Party Payors. We also contract with certain specialty pharmacies directly so that Auryxia will
be eligible for purchase by these specialty pharmacies. We estimate the rebates, chargebacks and discounts we will provide to Third-Party Payors and specialty pharmacies, and deduct these estimated amounts from our gross product sales at the time
the sales are recognized. We estimate the rebates, chargebacks and discounts that we will provide to Third-Party Payors and specialty pharmacies based upon (i) our contracts with these Third-Party Payors and specialty pharmacies, (ii) the
government-mandated discounts applicable to government-funded programs and (iii) information obtained from our Customers and other third parties regarding the payor mix for Auryxia.  
  Product Returns:  For the year ended December 31, 2015, the first full period in which we began selling Auryxia, and continuing
into the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we were not able to reasonably estimate product returns for all product sold to Customers. Once sufficient data exists or we are able to reasonably estimate the amount of Auryxia that will be
returned, we will deduct these estimated amounts from our gross revenues at the time that revenues are recognized. Our Customers have the right to return Auryxia during the  18-month  period beginning six months
prior to the labeled expiration date and ending twelve months after the labeled expiration date. Currently the expiration date for Auryxia is eighteen months after it has been converted into tablet form, which generally occurs within a few months
before Auryxia is delivered to Customers. As of September 30, 2016, we have experienced an immaterial number of product returns.  
  Other Incentives:  Other incentives that we offer to indirect customers include co-pay mitigation rebates provided by us to commercially
insured patients who have coverage for Auryxia and who reside in states that permit co-pay mitigation programs, and vouchers for a month supply of Auryxia at no patient cost. Our co-pay mitigation program is intended to reduce each participating
patient s portion of the financial responsibility for Auryxia s purchase price to a specified dollar amount. Based upon the terms of the program and information regarding programs provided for similar specialty pharmaceutical products, we
estimate the average co-pay mitigation amounts and the percentage of patients that we expect to participate in the program in order to establish our accruals for co-pay mitigation rebates and deduct these estimated amounts from our gross product
sales at the time the sales are recognized. We adjust our accruals for co-pay mitigation and voucher rebates based on our estimates regarding the portion of issued rebates that we estimate will not be redeemed.  
 Our U.S. Auryxia product sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were offset by provisions for allowances and
accruals as set forth in the tables below.      

(1) 
 Includes co-pay mitigation and voucher rebates.    
      8  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Includes co-pay mitigation and voucher rebates.      The following table summarizes net U.S.
Auryxia product sales recognized and deferred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      
   We recognize license revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 605,  Revenue
Recognition , or ASC 605. We analyze each element of our licensing agreement to determine the appropriate revenue recognition. The terms of the license agreement may include payment to us of non-refundable up-front license fees, milestone
payments if specified objectives are achieved, and/or royalties on product sales. We recognize revenue from upfront payments over the period of significant involvement under the related agreements unless the fee is in exchange for products delivered
or services rendered that represent the culmination of a separate earnings process and no further performance obligation exists under the contract. We recognize milestone payments as revenue upon the achievement of specified milestones only if
(1) the milestone payment is non-refundable, (2) substantive effort is involved in achieving the milestone, (3) the amount of the milestone is reasonable in relation to the effort expended or the risk associated with achievement of
the milestone, and (4) the milestone is at risk for both parties. If any of these conditions is not met, we defer the milestone payment and recognize it as revenue over the estimated period of performance under the contract.  
 For arrangements for which royalty revenue information becomes available and collectibility is reasonably assured, we recognize revenue during
the applicable period earned. When collectibility is reasonably assured but a reasonable estimate of royalty revenue cannot be made, the royalty revenue is recognized in the quarter that the licensee provides the written report and related
information to us.      Cost of Goods Sold    
 Cost of goods sold includes the cost of API for Auryxia on which product sales were recognized during the period, as well as the associated
costs for tableting, packaging, shipment, insurance and quality assurance, as well as any idle capacity charges we may incur at our contract manufacturers and write-offs of inventory that fails to meet specifications or is otherwise no longer
suitable for commercial manufacture. Cost of goods sold also includes expenses due to the licensor of Auryxia related to the manufacturing of product and product sales recognized during the period. 
      9  

Table of Contents  

  In conjunction with our recognition and deferral of net U.S. Auryxia product sales, we expensed
and capitalized the associated cost of goods, as follows, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   Finished goods inventory held by others as of September 30, 2015 represents the cost of goods sold that
has been deferred to align with our deferral of net U.S. Auryxia product sales. We did not have any finished goods inventory held by others as of September 30, 2016. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we expensed
$13.8 million and $16.0 million, respectively, of work-in-process inventory no longer suitable for commercial manufacture, which was recorded in cost of goods sold.  
   License Expenses      License expenses
include royalty and other expenses due to the licensor of Auryxia related to our license agreement with JT and Torii. With regard to royalty expense, such expense is directly related to the royalty revenue received from JT and Torii and is
recognized in the same period as the revenue is recorded. Other expenses are recognized in the period they are incurred.      Research and Development
Costs      Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Pre-approval inventory expenditures are recorded as research and
development expense as incurred. The capitalization of inventory for our product candidate(s) commence when it is probable that the product will be approved for commercial marketing. Non-refundable advance payments for goods or services that will be
used or rendered for future research and development activities are deferred and amortized over the period that the goods are delivered or the related services are performed, subject to an assessment of recoverability. We make estimates of costs
incurred in relation to external clinical research organizations, or CROs, and clinical site costs. We analyze the progress of clinical trials, including levels of patient enrollment, invoices received and contracted costs when evaluating the
adequacy of the amount expensed and the related prepaid asset and accrued liability. Significant judgments and estimates must be made and used in determining the accrued balance and expense in any accounting period. We review and accrue CRO expenses
and clinical trial study expenses based on work performed and rely upon estimates of those costs applicable to the stage of completion of a study. Accrued CRO costs are subject to revisions as such trials progress to completion. Revisions are
charged to expense in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. With respect to clinical site costs, the financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation and vary from contract to contract. Payments
under these contracts may be uneven, and depend on factors such as the achievement of certain events, the successful recruitment of patients, the completion of portions of the clinical trial or similar conditions. The objective of our policy is to
match the recording of expenses in our condensed consolidated financial statements to the actual services received and efforts expended. As such, expense accruals related to clinical site costs are recognized based on our estimate of the degree of
completion of the event or events specified in the specific clinical study or trial contract.      Stock-Based Compensation    
 We recognize all share-based payments to employees and to non-employee directors for service on our Board of Directors as compensation expense
in the condensed consolidated financial statements based on the grant date fair values of the awards. Stock-based compensation expense recognized each period is based on the value of the portion of awards that is ultimately expected to vest.
Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.  
 For share-based payments to consultants and other third parties, compensation expense is determined at the  measurement date.  The
expense is recognized over the vesting period of the award. Until the measurement date is  
      10  

Table of Contents  

reached, the total amount of compensation expense remains uncertain. We record compensation expense based on the fair value of the award at the reporting date. The awards to consultants and other
third parties are then revalued, or the total compensation is recalculated based on the then current fair value, at each subsequent reporting date.  
   Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Common Share    
 Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the losses allocable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common
stock outstanding for the period. Diluted net loss per share does not reflect the effect of shares of common stock to be issued upon the exercise of stock options and warrants, as their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. The options outstanding as of
September 30, 2016 and 2015, which are not included in the computation of net loss per share amounts, were 8,823,096 and 5,340,559, respectively. No warrants were outstanding during each of these periods.  
   Acquisitions      We account for
acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.
Any excess of the consideration transferred over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.  
   Impairment      Long-lived assets are
reviewed for an impairment loss when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of long-lived tangible and intangible assets with finite lives may not be recoverable. Management s policy in determining whether an impairment indicator
exists, a triggering event, comprises measurable operating performance criteria as well as qualitative measures. If an analysis is necessitated by the occurrence of a triggering event, we make certain assumptions in determining the impairment
amount. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or used in its disposal. If the carrying amount of an asset
exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized.   Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually, or
when events arise that could indicate that an impairment exists. We test for goodwill impairment using a two-step process. The first step compares the fair value of the reporting unit with the unit s carrying value, including goodwill. When the
carrying value of the reporting unit is greater than fair value, the unit s goodwill may be impaired, and the second step must be completed to measure the amount of the goodwill impairment charge, if any. In the second step, the implied fair
value of the reporting unit s goodwill is compared with the carrying amount of the unit s goodwill. If the carrying amount is greater than the implied fair value, the carrying value of the goodwill must be written down to its implied fair
value. As of December 31, 2015, management concluded that there was no impairment of our goodwill. We will continue to perform impairment tests annually, and whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that the carrying value of an
asset may not be recoverable. For the period ending September 30, 2016, management determined that there were no impairment indicators that would trigger a goodwill impairment analysis.  
   Concentrations of Credit Risk      We
do not have significant off-balance-sheet risk or credit risk concentrations. We maintain our cash and cash equivalents with multiple financial institutions that invest in investment-grade securities with average maturities of less than twelve
months. See Note 3   Fair Value Measurements.    Our accounts receivable, net at December 31, 2015 represent amounts due to
the Company from customers. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and generally do not require collateral. The following table sets forth customers who represented 10% or more of our total accounts receivable, net as of
December 31, 2015. We did not have any accounts receivable, net as of September 30, 2016.      
 
      11  

Table of Contents  

  We currently depend on a single supply source for Auryxia drug product. On August 1, 2016,
we announced that an interruption in the supply of Auryxia tablets was imminent due to a production-related issue at this supplier of Auryxia. We have been working to bring a secondary manufacturer online to supply finished Auryxia drug product. The
FDA has assigned a PDUFA action date of November 13, 2016 for our application for approval of this manufacturer. Pending FDA approval of this manufacturer on the PDUFA action date, we expect to make Auryxia available to patients during the
fourth quarter of 2016, however, there can be no assurances that this manufacturer will be approved or that Auryxia will be available to patients within this time period. As a result of this supply interruption, we expect revenues to decline
significantly for at least the remainder of 2016. In addition, if any of our other suppliers were to limit or terminate production, or otherwise fail to meet the quality or delivery requirements needed to supply Auryxia at adequate levels, we could
experience additional losses of revenue, which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations.      Leases    
 In April 2015, we signed a lease agreement for approximately 27,300 square feet in Boston, Massachusetts, for a 94-month term that commenced on
May 1, 2015. In order to make the space usable for our operations, substantial improvements were made. Our landlord agreed to pay for up to approximately $1.9 million of the improvements, and we bore all additional costs that were incurred. As
such, we have determined that we are the owner of the improvements and account for tenant improvements paid by our landlord as a lease incentive. On May 1, 2015, in accordance with ASC 840-20,  Operating Leases , we recorded a deferred
lease incentive, and an associated receivable from our landlord, for the total amount to be paid by the landlord for improvements. The deferred lease incentive is being amortized as a partial offset to rent expense over the term of the lease, and
the receivable was drawn down as cash was received from our landlord. We began occupying the space in November 2015. Improvements made to our leased space have been recorded as fixed assets and will be amortized over the assets  useful lives or
the remaining lease term, whichever is shorter.    The lease for our New York City office expired on September 30, 2016 and we did not
renew our lease.      Recently Issued and Proposed Accounting Pronouncements    
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or the FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2014-09,  Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , a comprehensive new standard which amends revenue recognition principles and provides a single set of criteria for revenue recognition among all industries. The new standard provides a five-step
framework whereby revenue is recognized when promised goods or services are transferred to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard also
requires enhanced disclosures pertaining to revenue recognition in both interim and annual periods. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and allows for adoption using a full retrospective
method, or a modified retrospective method. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations , which clarifies the implementation guidance on
principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , which clarifies certain aspects of
identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients , which amends
narrow aspects of Topic 606, including guidance on assessing collectibility, non-cash consideration, contract modifications and completed contracts at transition, and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes collected from customers.
We are currently assessing the method of adoption and the expected impact that Topic 606 will have on our financial position and results of operations.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases . The new standard requires that all lessees recognize the assets and
liabilities that arise from leases on the balance sheet and disclose qualitative and quantitative information about its leasing arrangements. The new standard will be effective for us on January 1, 2019. The adoption of this standard is
expected to have a material impact on our financial position. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that this standard may have on our results of operations.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . The new standard involves several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or
liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard will be effective for us on January 1, 2017. This standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or statement
of cash flows upon adoption.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of
Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The new standard addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in
the statement of cash flows. The new standard will be effective for us on January 1, 2018. This standard is not expected to have a material impact on our statement of cash flows upon adoption.  
  NOTE 3   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS     We
measure certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis in our condensed consolidated financial statements using a fair value hierarchy. The hierarchy ranks the quality and reliability of inputs, or assumptions, used in
the determination of fair value and requires financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value to be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:      

Level 1   quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities;        

Level 2   inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices that are directly or indirectly observable; and        

Level 3   unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data.      We review
investment securities for impairment and to determine the classification of the impairment as temporary or other-than-temporary. Losses are recognized in our condensed consolidated statement of operations when a decline in fair value is determined
to be other-than-temporary. We review our investments on an ongoing basis for indications of possible impairment. Once identified, the determination of whether the impairment is temporary or other-than-temporary requires significant judgment.  
 The following table provides the fair value measurements of applicable financial assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015:      

(1) 
 Included in cash and cash equivalents on our condensed consolidated balance sheets. The carrying amount of money market funds approximates fair value.    
 In October 2015, we issued the Notes in a private financing to funds managed by Baupost. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the fair value of the Notes was $177.5 million and $132.9 million, respectively, which differs from their carrying value. The fair value of the Notes is influenced by interest rates, our stock price and stock price volatility. See Note 8
  Debt for additional information on our debt obligations.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  Per the terms of the Notes, a portion of the Notes was contingently convertible into cash if our
stockholders did not approve an increase in the number of authorized shares of our common stock by July 1, 2016. At our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on May 25, 2016, the necessary stockholder approval of the increase in
authorized shares was obtained. As a result, the entirety of the Notes is now convertible into shares of our common stock.     NOTE 4   INVENTORY
    Inventory consists of the following at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  
   
   During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we expensed $13.8 million of work-in-process inventory no
longer suitable for commercial manufacture, which was recorded in cost of goods sold.     NOTE 5   STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   
   Change in Stockholders  Equity    
 Total stockholders  equity decreased by $65.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This decrease was primarily
attributable to our net loss of $127.3 million, partially offset by the reclassification of the derivative liability to equity of $51.4 million and $11.0 million related to stock-based compensation and stock option exercises.  
  NOTE 6   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION EXPENSE   
   Equity Incentive Plans      As of
September 30, 2016, a total of 6,912,531 shares were available for the issuance of stock options or other stock-based awards under our stock option and incentive plans.  
  Stock Options     The following table
summarizes stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
   Upon the exercise of stock options, we issue new shares of our common stock. As of September 30, 2016,
2,515,000 options issued to employees are unvested, performance-based options.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

   Restricted Stock   
 Certain employees, directors and consultants have been awarded restricted stock under our equity incentive plans. The time-vesting restricted
stock grants vest primarily over a period of three to four years. The following table summarizes restricted share activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
   As of September 30, 2016, 570,000 shares of restricted stock issued to employees are unvested,
performance-based shares.     Stock-Based Compensation Expense    
 We incurred $3.7 million and $4.6 million of stock-based compensation expense related to equity incentive grants during the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $10.6 million and $13.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The following table reflects stock-based compensation expense for the three- and
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   Stock-based compensation costs capitalized as part of inventory were immaterial for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.    The fair value of stock options granted is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
pricing model. The expected term of options granted is derived from historical data, the expected vesting period and the full contractual term. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock. The risk-free interest
rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield for a period consistent with the expected term of the option in effect at the time of the grant. We have assumed no expected dividend yield, as dividends have never been paid to stock or option holders and
will not be paid for the foreseeable future.    The weighted average grant date fair value of stock options granted during the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5.94 and $5.33, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $4.54 and $9.62, respectively. We used historical information to estimate forfeitures of stock options.
As of September 30, 2016, there was $11.3 million and $4.9 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options and restricted stock, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over weighted-average periods
of 1.2 years and 1.4 years, respectively. These amounts do not include 2,530,000 options outstanding and 570,000 shares of restricted stock outstanding as of September 30, 2016 which are performance-based and vest upon achievement of certain
corporate milestones. Stock-based compensation for these awards will be measured and recorded if and when it is probable that the milestone will be achieved.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 7 LICENSE AGREEMENTS   
 In November 2005, we entered into a license agreement with Panion   BF Biotech, Inc., or Panion. Under the license agreement, we acquired
the exclusive worldwide rights, excluding certain Asian-Pacific countries, for the development and marketing of ferric citrate. To date, we have paid an aggregate of $11.6 million of milestone payments to Panion, including the $2.0 million paid upon
European marketing approval in 2015. In addition, Panion is eligible to receive royalty payments based on a mid-single digit percentage of net sales of ferric citrate in the licensed territory, as well as a manufacturing fee for product manufactured
for use in the licensed territory.    In September 2007, we entered into a Sublicense Agreement with JT and Torii, under which JT and Torii
obtained the exclusive sublicense rights for the development and commercialization of ferric citrate in Japan. JT and Torii are responsible for the future development and commercialization costs in Japan. Effective June 8, 2009, we entered into
an Amended and Restated Sublicense Agreement, or Revised Agreement, with JT and Torii, which, among other things, provided for the elimination of all significant on-going obligations under the Sublicense Agreement.  
 In January 2013, JT and Torii filed its new drug application, or NDA, with the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare for marketing
approval of ferric citrate in Japan for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia in patients with CKD. Under the terms of the Revised Agreement, we received a non-refundable milestone payment of $7.0 million in January 2013 for the achievement of the NDA
filing milestone.    In January 2014, JT and Torii received manufacturing and marketing approval of ferric citrate from the Japanese
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. Ferric citrate, launched in May 2014 and is marketed in Japan by Torii under the brand name Riona, is indicated as an oral treatment for the improvement of hyperphosphatemia in patients with CKD. Under the
terms of the Revised Agreement, we received a non-refundable payment of $10.0 million in February 2014 for the achievement of the marketing approval milestone. We also receive royalty payments based on a tiered double-digit percentage of net sales
of Riona in Japan escalating up to the mid-teens and may also receive up to an additional $55.0 million upon the achievement of certain annual net sales milestones. In accordance with our revenue recognition policy, royalty revenues are
recognized in the quarter that JT and Torii provide their written report and related information to us regarding sales of Riona, which generally will be one quarter following the quarter in which the underlying sales by JT and Torii occurred. For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $1.3 million and $1.0 million, respectively, in license revenue related to royalties earned on net sales of Riona in Japan. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, we recorded $3.5 million and $2.5 million, respectively, in license revenue related to royalties earned on net sales of Riona in Japan. We record the associated mid-single digit percentage of net sales royalty expense due Panion, the
licensor of ferric citrate, in the same period as the royalty revenue from JT and Torii is recorded. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $0.8 million and $0.6 million, respectively, in license expenses related to
royalties due to the licensor of ferric citrate relating to sales of Riona in Japan. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded $2.1 million and $1.5 million, respectively, in license expenses related to royalties
due to the licensor of ferric citrate relating to sales of Riona in Japan.     NOTE 8   DEBT   
 In October 2015, we completed the sale of $125 million of Notes due 2020, in a private placement, or the Private Placement, to funds managed by
Baupost pursuant to a Notes Purchase Agreement dated October 14, 2015. The Notes were issued under an Indenture, or the Indenture, dated as of October 15, 2015, with The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as trustee, or the
Trustee. Under the terms of the Indenture, the Notes may be converted into shares of our common stock at the discretion of Baupost. The Indenture subjects us to certain financial and business covenants and contains restrictions on the payments of
cash dividends.    The Indenture contains customary terms and events of default. If an event of default (other than certain events of
bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving us) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to us, or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes by written notice to us and the Trustee, may declare
100% of the principal on all of the Notes to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration of acceleration, such principal will be due and payable immediately. Upon the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving
us, 100% of the principal on all of the Notes will become due and payable automatically.    Further, in connection with the Private
Placement, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the purchasers of the Notes, or the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which we agreed to (i) file a registration  
      16  

Table of Contents  

statement, or the Resale Registration Statement with the SEC covering the resale of the Notes and the underlying common stock which the Notes are convertible into upon the written request of
Baupost, and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts, subject to receipt of necessary information from all the purchasers of the Notes, to cause the SEC to declare the Resale Registration Statement effective. Further, the Registration Rights
Agreement permits Baupost to demand from time to time that we file a shelf Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 415 of the Securities Act from which any number of shelf takedowns may be conducted upon written request from Baupost. Finally,
the Registration Rights Agreement affords Baupost certain piggyback registration rights.    The Notes are convertible at the option of
Baupost at an initial conversion rate of 267.3797 shares of our common stock per $1,000 principal amount, equal to a conversion price of $3.74 per share, which represents the last reported sale price of our stock on October 14, 2015. The
conversion rate is subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain events. Further, upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving us, Baupost may require us to repurchase for cash all or part of their Notes at a
repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased.    In accordance with accounting guidance for debt
with a conversion option, we separated the conversion option from the debt instrument and account for it separately as a derivative liability, due to the Notes being partially convertible to cash at the option of Baupost. We allocated the proceeds
between the debt component and the embedded conversion option (the derivative) by performing a valuation of the derivative as of the transaction date, which was determined based on the difference between the fair value of the Notes with the
conversion option and the fair value of the Notes without the conversion option. The fair value of the derivative liability was recognized as a debt discount and the carrying amount of the convertible senior notes represents the difference between
the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes and the fair value of the derivative liability on the date of issuance. The excess of the principal amount of the debt component over its carrying amount, or debt discount, is amortized to interest expense
using the effective interest method over the expected life of the debt.    Our outstanding convertible senior notes balances as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:      
   We determined the expected life of the debt was equal to the period through July 1, 2016, as this
represents the point at which a portion of the Notes was contingently convertible into cash. Accordingly, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 approximately $34.2 million of interest expense was recognized related to the Notes, all of
which was attributable to the amortization of the debt discount. No interest expense was recognized related to the Notes in the three months ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying
value of the Notes was $125.0 million and $90.8 million, respectively, and the fair value of the Notes was $177.5 million and $132.9 million, respectively.  
  NOTE 9   OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET   
 The components of other income (expense), net are as follows:      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 10   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   
   Commitments      As of September 30,
2016, our contractual obligations and commitments primarily consist of our obligations under non-cancelable leases, convertible senior notes, and various agreements with third parties, including selling, general and administrative, research and
development and manufacturing agreements.      Contingencies    
 We accrue a liability for legal contingencies when we believe that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and that we can
reasonably estimate the amount of the loss. We review these accruals and adjust them to reflect the best information available at the time. To the extent new information is obtained and our views on the probable outcomes of claims, suits,
assessments, investigations or legal proceedings change, changes in our accrued liabilities would be recorded in the period in which such determination is made. For the matter referenced below, a liability is not probable or the amount cannot be
reasonably estimated and, therefore, an accrual has not been made. In addition, in accordance with the relevant authoritative guidance, for any matters in which the likelihood of material loss is at least reasonably possible, we will provide
disclosure of the possible loss or range of loss. If a reasonable estimate cannot be made, however, we will provide disclosure to that effect. We expense legal costs as they are incurred.  
 Four purported class action lawsuits have been filed against us and certain of our current and former officers. Three of these actions
have been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, captioned respectively Terrell Jackson v. Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., No. 1:16-cv-06131 filed on August 2, 2016, Richard J. Erickson v. Keryx
Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., et al. No. 1:16-cv-06218, filed on August 4, 2016 and Richard King v. Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., No. 1:16-cv-06233 on August 5, 2016. The Jackson complaint purports to be brought on behalf of stockholders who
purchased our common stock between February 25, 2016 and August 1, 2016, the Erickson complaint purports to be brought on behalf of stockholders who purchased our common stock between March 2, 2016 and July 29, 2016, and the King complaint purports
to be brought on behalf of stockholders who purchased our stock between February 25, 2016 and July 29, 2016. On August 26, 2016, the fourth complaint, captioned Tim Karth v. Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., No. 1:16-cv-11745, was filed
in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The Karth complaint purports to be brought on behalf of stockholders who purchased our stock between September 2, 2013 and August 1, 2016. Each complaint generally alleges
that we and certain of our officers violated Sections 10(b) and/or 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder by making allegedly false and/or misleading statements concerning the Company and its business operations and future
prospects in light of the August 1, 2016 announcement of an imminent interruption in our supply of Auryxia. Each complaint seeks unspecified damages, interest, attorneys  fees, and other costs. We deny any allegations of wrongdoing and intend
to vigorously defend against these lawsuits. There is no assurance, however, that we or the other defendants will be successful in our defense of either of these lawsuits or that insurance will be available or adequate to fund any settlement or
judgment or the litigation costs of these actions. Moreover, we are unable to predict the outcome or reasonably estimate a range of possible losses at this time. A resolution of these lawsuits adverse to us or the other defendants, however, could
have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations in the period in which the particular lawsuit is resolved.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this report to  Keryx,  the
 Company,   we,   us  and  our  refer to Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. and our subsidiaries.   
 The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements about our plans and expectations of what may happen in the future.
Forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and our results could differ materially from the results anticipated by our forward-looking statements
as a result of many known or unknown factors, including, but not limited to, those factors discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as updated under the heading
 Risk Factors  in subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, including in this report. See also the  Special Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  set forth at the beginning of this report.  
 You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, and the
related footnotes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this report, and in conjunction with management s discussion and analysis and the audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015.     OVERVIEW     We
are a biopharmaceutical company focused on bringing innovative medicines to people with renal disease. Our product, Auryxia (ferric citrate), also known as Riona in Japan and Fexeric in Europe, is an oral, absorbable iron-based medicine, that
received marketing approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in September 2014 for the control of serum phosphorus levels in patients with chronic kidney disease, or CKD, on dialysis. We believe that there currently are
approximately 450,000 adults in the United States on dialysis of whom approximately 350,000 are on phosphate binders and eligible for treatment with Auryxia. When discussing ferric citrate in the United States in reference to our marketed product,
we will refer to it as Auryxia, when discussing it in the United States in reference to our investigational medicine in Phase 3, we will refer to it as ferric citrate, when discussing it in Japan, we will refer to it as Riona, and when discussing it
in Europe, we will refer to it as Fexeric.    We launched Auryxia in the United States in late December 2014. Auryxia is being marketed in
the United States through our specialty salesforce and commercial infrastructure. Our sales organization is aligned to 95 territories calling on target nephrologists and their associated dialysis centers. In 2015, we reported net U.S. Auryxia
product sales of $10.1 million.    On August 1, 2016, we announced that an interruption in the supply of Auryxia tablets was imminent due to
a production-related issue. See below under  Supply Interruption of Auryxia  for more information regarding this supply interruption.  
 In March 2016, we announced positive top-line results from our pivotal Phase 3 study of ferric citrate for the treatment of iron deficiency
anemia, or IDA, in adults with stage 3-5 non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease, or NDD-CKD. We believe there are approximately 650,000 adults in the United States with CKD currently being treated for IDA. The Phase 3 study s primary
endpoint was the between group comparison of the proportion of patients achieving a 1 g/dL or greater increase in hemoglobin at any point during the 16-week randomized period of the study. Secondary endpoints in the Phase 3 study include the change
from baseline to the end of the randomized period for hemoglobin, ferritin, TSAT and serum phosphorus. The top-line results showed that treatment with ferric citrate in the registration trial demonstrated statistically significant differences as
compared to placebo for the primary and all pre-specified secondary endpoints. The majority of patients in the ferric citrate group (52 percent) achieved a 1 g/dL or greater increase in hemoglobin at any point during the 16-week randomized period as
compared to 19 percent in the placebo group (p 0.001). Additionally, the safety profile of the drug candidate was consistent with previously reported clinical studies of ferric citrate, with the majority of adverse events reported as mild to
moderate. We believe the initial data support our plan to submit a supplemental new drug application, or sNDA, with the FDA seeking to expand the label for ferric citrate to include the treatment of IDA in adults with stage 3-5 NDD-CKD. The Company
has completed the sNDA and is ready to submit to the FDA pending final agreement on its pediatric plan.  
      19  

Table of Contents  

  Our Japanese partner, Japan Tobacco Inc. or JT, together with its subsidiary Torii Pharmaceutical
Co. Ltd., or Torii, received manufacturing and marketing approval of ferric citrate from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare as an oral treatment for the improvement of hyperphosphatemia in patients with CKD, including dialysis and
NDD-CKD, in January 2014. Torii began to market the product under the brand name Riona in May 2014. Additionally, in the third quarter of 2016, JT and Torii commenced enrollment in a Phase 2 clinical trial of ferric citrate for the treatment of IDA.
Under the license agreement with JT and Torii, we receive royalty payments based on a tiered double-digit percentage of net sales of Riona in Japan escalating up to the mid-teens, as well as up to an additional $55.0 million upon the achievement of
certain annual net sales milestones. We in turn owe royalties at a mid-single digit percentage of net sales to the licensor of ferric citrate associated with net sales of Riona in Japan.  
 On September 23, 2015, the European Commission, or EC, approved Fexeric (ferric citrate coordination complex) for the control of elevated
serum phosphorus levels, or hyperphosphatemia, in adult patients with CKD, including dialysis and NDD-CKD. The EC also considered ferric citrate coordination complex as a New Active Substance, which provides 10 years of data and marketing
exclusivity in the European Union. We are currently seeking potential partners to commercialize Fexeric in the European Union.    Currently,
our only product is Auryxia. In January 2015, we began to recognize product sales based on prescription sales of Auryxia in the United States. We have also generated, and expect to continue to generate, license revenue from the sublicensing of
rights to ferric citrate in Japan to our Japanese partner. We may engage in business development activities that include seeking strategic relationships for ferric citrate outside of the United States, as well as evaluating other compounds and
companies for in-licensing or acquisition, with a focus on complementary assets.    Our major sources of cash have been proceeds from
various public and private offerings of our common stock, the issuance of convertible senior notes, option and warrant exercises, interest income, and the upfront and milestone payments from our agreement with JT and Torii, sales of Auyxia and
miscellaneous payments from our other prior licensing activities. Even though we are commercializing Auryxia, we may not become profitable. Our ability to achieve profitability depends on a number of factors, including our ability to complete our
development efforts, obtain additional regulatory approvals for Auryxia, successfully complete any post-approval regulatory obligations and successfully manufacture and commercialize Auryxia alone or in partnership. We may continue to incur
substantial operating losses even after we begin to generate meaningful revenues from Auryxia.    During 2015, we completed two financings
to secure capital needed to fund our commercialization efforts and to continue the clinical development of Auryxia. In January 2015, we raised approximately $118.3 million, net of underwriting discounts and offering expenses, in an underwritten
public offering of our common stock. Additionally, in October 2015, we completed the sale of $125 million of Convertible Senior Notes due 2020, or the Notes, to funds managed by The Baupost Group, L.L.C., or Baupost. As of September 30, 2016,
Baupost beneficially owns approximately 24% of our issued and outstanding common stock. If all of the Notes were converted into our common stock, Baupost would beneficially own approximately 42% of our issued and outstanding common stock.  
 Most of our biopharmaceutical development and substantially all of our administrative operations during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 were conducted in the United States of America.     Supply Interruption of Auryxia   
 On August 1, 2016, we announced that an interruption in the supply of Auryxia tablets was imminent due to a production-related issue in
converting active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, to finished drug product at our existing contract manufacturer. This issue resulted in variable production yields of finished drug product and, as a result, we exhausted our reserve of finished
drug product. Inventories of Auryxia were not sufficient to ensure uninterrupted patient access to this medicine. The supply interruption does not affect the safety profile of currently available Auryxia. We are working with our existing
manufacturer to resolve the production-related issue. In addition, since approval of Auryxia in 2014, we have been working to bring a secondary manufacturer online to supply finished drug product. We recently filed for approval of this manufacturer
with the FDA and the FDA has assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, action date of November 13, 2016. As discussed below, we recently entered into a long-term arrangement with the manufacturer to supply finished Auryxia drug product.
Pending FDA approval of our second manufacturing site on the assigned PDUFA action date, we expect to make Auryxia available to patients during the fourth quarter of 2016, however, there can be no assurances that this manufacturer will be approved
or that Auryxia will be available to patients within this time period. This supply interruption does not affect the supply of Riona manufactured and sold by JT in Japan.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

  On October 12, 2016, we and Patheon Manufacturing Services LLC and certain of its affiliates, or
Patheon, entered into a Master Manufacturing Services Agreement and two related Product Agreements for Patheon s manufacture of commercial supplies of finished Auryxia drug product tablets at Patheon s Greenville, North Carolina and
Bourgoin-Jallieu Cedex, France manufacturing sites. Under the agreements with Patheon, we are responsible for supplying the API for Auryxia to Patheon. Patheon is responsible for manufacturing the Auryxia tablets, conducting quality control, quality
assurance, analytical testing and stability testing, packaging, and providing related services for the Auryxia tablets. As discussed above, the FDA has assigned a PDUFA action date of November 13, 2016 for our application for approval of
Patheon to manufacture finished Auryxia drug product at its Greenville, North Carolina facility.     Financial Performance Overview   
 Net U.S. Auryxia product sales represents the gross product sales of Auryxia in the United Sates less provisions for product sales allowances
and accruals. These provisions include trade allowances, rebates, chargebacks and discounts, product returns and other incentives. See  Critical Accounting Policies  below for more information on the components of net U.S. Auryxia
product sales.    Our license revenues consist of license fees and milestone payments arising from our agreement with JT and Torii. See
 Critical Accounting Policies  below for more information on our recognition of license revenues from our agreement with JT and Torii.  
 Royalty revenue consists of royalties received from our Japanese partner on net sales of Riona in Japan. Based on our agreement with JT
and Torii, and in accordance with our revenue recognition policy described below, royalty revenues are recognized in the quarter that JT and Torii provide their written report and related information to us regarding sales of Riona, which generally
will be one quarter following the quarter in which the underlying sales by JT and Torii occurred.    Cost of goods sold includes the cost of
API for Auryxia on which product sales were recognized during the period, the associated costs for tableting, packaging, shipment, insurance and quality assurance, as well as any idle capacity charges we may incur at our contract manufacturers and
write-offs of inventory that fails to meet specifications or is otherwise no longer suitable for commercial manufacture. Cost of goods sold also includes expenses due to the licensor of Auryxia related to the manufacturing of product and product
sales recognized during the period.    Our license expenses consist of royalty and other expenses due to the licensor of Auryxia related to
our license agreement with JT and Torii. With regard to license expense, such expense is directly related to the royalty revenue received from JT and Torii and is recognized in the same period as the revenue is recorded. Other expenses are
recognized in the period they are incurred.    Our research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related personnel
costs, including stock-based compensation, fees paid to consultants and outside service providers for clinical and laboratory development, manufacturing, including pre-approval inventory build-up, regulatory, facilities-related and other expenses
relating to the design, development, manufacture, testing, and enhancement of our drug candidates and technologies, as well as expenses related to in-licensing of new product candidates. We expense our research and development costs as they are
incurred.    Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based
compensation, for executive, finance, sales, marketing and other administrative personnel, recruitment expenses, professional fees and other corporate expenses, including investor relations, legal activities, pre-commercial/commercial activities and
facilities-related expenses.    Our results of operations include stock-based compensation expense as a result of the grants of stock
options and restricted stock. Compensation expense for awards of options and restricted stock granted to employees and directors represents the fair value of the award recorded over the respective vesting periods of the individual awards. See
 Critical Accounting Policies  below for a discussion of our recognition of stock-based compensation expenses. The expense is included in the respective categories of expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. We
expect to continue to incur significant stock-based compensation expenses.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Even though our trials demonstrated that Auryxia is effective in the control of serum phosphorus
levels in patients with CKD on dialysis, there is no guarantee that we will be able to record meaningful commercial sales of Auryxia in the future or become profitable. In addition, we expect losses to continue as we continue to fund the development
and commercialization of Auryxia, including, but not limited to, sNDA submissions, building of inventory, commercial activities, ongoing and additional clinical trials, and the potential acquisition and development of additional drug candidates in
the future. As we continue our development efforts, we may enter into additional third-party collaborative agreements and may incur additional expenses, such as licensing fees and milestone payments. As a result, our quarterly results may fluctuate
and a quarter-by-quarter comparison of our operating results may not be a meaningful indication of our future performance.     GENERAL CORPORATE   
 We have devoted substantially all of our efforts to the identification, in-licensing, development and partnering of drug candidates, as well as
pre-commercial/commercial activities related to Auryxia, and have incurred negative cash flow from operations each year since our inception. We have spent, and expect to continue to spend, substantial amounts in connection with implementing our
business strategy, including our product development efforts, our clinical trials, commercial, partnership and licensing activities. Prior to the U.S. launch of Auryxia in late December 2014, we had not commercialized any drug. Our ability to
achieve profitability depends on a number of factors, including our ability to complete our development efforts, obtain additional regulatory approvals for our drug, successfully complete any post-approval regulatory obligations and successfully
manufacture and commercialize our drug. We may continue to incur substantial operating losses even after we begin to generate meaningful revenues from our drug.  
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES     The
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. The
preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our
condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the applicable period. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  
 We define critical accounting policies as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties and which may potentially
result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. In applying these critical accounting policies, our management uses its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in making certain estimates.
These estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Our critical accounting policies include the following:      Revenue Recognition and
Related Sales Allowances and Accruals      Our commercial launch of our only product, Auryxia, in the United States occurred in late
December 2014. We sell product to a limited number of major wholesalers, which we refer to as our Distributors, as well as certain pharmacies, which we refer to collectively as our Customers. Our Distributors resell the product to retail
pharmacies for purposes of the pharmacies reselling the product to fill patient prescriptions. In accordance with GAAP, our revenue recognition policy requires that: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists between us and the
Customer, (ii) delivery has occurred, (iii) collectibility is reasonably assured and (iv) the price is fixed or determinable. Until we have the ability to reliably estimate returns of Auryxia from our Customers, revenue will be recognized based on
the resale of Auryxia for the purposes of filling patient prescriptions, and not based on initial sales from us to our Customers. Consistent with industry practice, once we achieve sufficient history such that we can reliably estimate returns based
on sales to our Customers, we anticipate that our revenues will be recognized based on sales to our Customers. We currently defer Auryxia revenue recognition until the earlier of the product being resold for purposes of filling patient prescriptions
and the expiration of the right of return (twelve months after the expiration date of the product). The deferred revenue is recorded net of discounts, rebates, and chargebacks. We also defer the related cost of product sales and record such
amounts as finished goods inventory held by others, which is included in inventory on our condensed consolidated balance sheets, until revenue related to such product sales is recognized. We will change our method of revenue recognition from the
sell-through (deferred) method based on the fulfillment of patient prescriptions to the pull-through (ex-factory) method based on sales to our Customers beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, based on our ability to reasonably estimate product
returns.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

  We have written contracts with our Customers and delivery occurs when a Customer receives
Auryxia. We evaluate the creditworthiness of each of our Customers to determine whether revenues can be recognized upon delivery, subject to satisfaction of the other requirements, or whether recognition is required to be delayed until receipt of
payment. In order to conclude that the price is fixed or determinable, we must be able to (i) calculate our gross product sales from the sales to Customers and (ii) reasonably estimate our net product sales. We calculate gross product sales based on
the wholesale acquisition cost that we charge our Customers for Auryxia. We estimate our net product sales by deducting from our gross product sales (a) trade allowances, such as invoice discounts for prompt payment and distributor fees, (b)
estimated government and private payor rebates, chargebacks and discounts, such as Medicaid reimbursements, (c) reserves for expected product returns and (d) estimated costs of incentives offered to certain indirect customers, including patients.
    Trade Allowances:  We generally provide invoice discounts on Auryxia sales to our Distributors for prompt payment and pay fees for
distribution services, such as fees for certain data that Distributors provide to us. The payment terms for sales to Distributors generally include a prompt-pay discount for payment made within 30 days. Based on our judgment and industry experience,
we expect our Distributors to earn these discounts and fees, and deduct the full amount of these discounts and fees from our gross product sales and accounts receivable at the time such revenues are recognized.  
  Rebates, Chargebacks and Discounts:  We contract with Medicaid, other government agencies and various commercial and Medicare Part D
private insurance providers, or collectively, our Third-Party Payors, so that Auryxia will be eligible for partial or full reimbursement from such Third-Party Payors. We also contract with certain specialty pharmacies directly so that Auryxia will
be eligible for purchase by these specialty pharmacies. We estimate the rebates, chargebacks and discounts we will provide to Third-Party Payors and specialty pharmacies, and deduct these estimated amounts from our gross product sales at the time
the revenues are recognized. We estimate the rebates, chargebacks and discounts that we will provide to Third-Party Payors and specialty pharmacies based upon (i) our contracts with these Third-Party Payors and specialty pharmacies, (ii) the
government-mandated discounts applicable to government-funded programs, and (iii) information obtained from our Customers and other third parties regarding the payor mix for Auryxia.  
  Product Returns:  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and for the year ended December 31, 2015, the first full period in which
we began selling Auryxia, we were not able to reasonably estimate product returns for all product sold to Customers. Once sufficient data exists or we are able to reasonably estimate the amount of Auryxia that will be returned, we will deduct these
estimated amounts from our gross revenues at the time that revenues are recognized. Our Customers have the right to return Auryxia during the 18-month period beginning six months prior to the labeled expiration date and ending twelve months after
the labeled expiration date. Currently the expiration date for Auryxia is eighteen months after it has been converted into tablet form, which generally occurs within a few months before Auryxia is delivered to Customers. As of September 30, 2016, we
have experienced an immaterial number of product returns.     Other Incentives:  Other incentives that we offer to indirect customers
include co-pay mitigation rebates provided by us to commercially insured patients who have coverage for Auryxia and who reside in states that permit co-pay mitigation programs, and vouchers for a month supply of Auryxia at no patient cost. Our
co-pay mitigation program is intended to reduce each participating patient s portion of the financial responsibility for Auryxia s purchase price to a specified dollar amount. Based upon the terms of the program and information regarding
programs provided for similar specialty pharmaceutical products, we estimate the average co-pay mitigation amounts and the percentage of patients that we expect to participate in the program in order to establish our accruals for co-pay mitigation
rebates and deduct these estimated amounts from our gross product sales at the time the revenues are recognized. We adjust our accruals for co-pay mitigation and voucher rebates based on our estimates regarding the portion of issued rebates that we
estimate will not be redeemed.  
      23  

Table of Contents  

  The following table summarizes net U.S. Auryxia product sales recognized and deferred during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   In conjunction with our recognition and deferral of net U.S. Auryxia product sales, we expensed and
capitalized the associated cost of goods, as follows, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   We recognize license revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 605,  Revenue
Recognition , or ASC 605. We analyze each element of our licensing agreement to determine the appropriate revenue recognition. The terms of the license agreement may include payment to us of non-refundable up-front license fees, milestone
payments if specified objectives are achieved, and/or royalties on product sales. We recognize revenue from upfront payments over the period of significant involvement under the related agreements unless the fee is in exchange for products delivered
or services rendered that represent the culmination of a separate earnings process and no further performance obligation exists under the contract. We recognize milestone payments as revenue upon the achievement of specified milestones only if
(1) the milestone payment is non-refundable, (2) substantive effort is involved in achieving the milestone, (3) the amount of the milestone is reasonable in relation to the effort expended or the risk associated with achievement of
the milestone, and (4) the milestone is at risk for both parties. If any of these conditions are not met, we defer the milestone payment and recognize it as revenue over the estimated period of performance under the contract.  
 For arrangements for which royalty revenue information becomes available and collectibility is reasonably assured, we recognize revenue during
the applicable period earned. When collectibility is reasonably assured but a reasonable estimate of royalty revenue cannot be made, the royalty revenue is recognized in the quarter that the licensee provides the written report and related
information to us.      Stock-Based Compensation    
 We have granted stock options and restricted stock to employees, directors and consultants, as well as warrants to other third parties. For
employee and director grants, the value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes model takes into account volatility in the price of our stock, the risk-free interest
rate, the estimated life of the option, the closing market price of our stock and the exercise price. We base our estimates of our stock price volatility on the historical volatility of our common stock and our assessment of future volatility;
however, these estimates are neither predictive nor indicative of the future performance of our stock. For purposes of the calculation, we assumed that no dividends would be paid during the life of the options and warrants. The estimates utilized in
the Black-Scholes calculation involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. In addition, we are required to estimate the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those equity awards expected to vest. As a
result, if other assumptions had been used, our recorded stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different from that reported. In addition, because some of the options and warrants issued to employees, consultants and other
third-parties vest upon the achievement of certain milestones, the total expense is uncertain.    Total compensation expense for options and
restricted stock issued to consultants is determined at the  measurement date.  The expense is recognized over the vesting period for the options and restricted stock. Until the measurement date is reached, the total amount of compensation
expense remains uncertain. We record stock-based  
      24  

Table of Contents  

compensation expense based on the fair value of the equity awards at the reporting date. These equity awards are then revalued, or the total compensation is recalculated based on the then current
fair value, at each subsequent reporting date. This results in a change to the amount previously recorded in respect of the equity award grant, and additional expense or a reversal of expense may be recorded in subsequent periods based on changes in
the assumptions used to calculate fair value, such as changes in market price, until the measurement date is reached and the compensation expense is finalized.  
 In addition, certain options and restricted stock issued to employees, consultants and other third-parties vest upon the achievement of
certain milestones, therefore the total expense is uncertain until the milestone is met.      Accruals for Clinical Research Organization and Clinical
Site Costs      We make estimates of costs incurred in relation to external CROs, and clinical site costs. We analyze the progress of
clinical trials, including levels of patient enrollment, invoices received and contracted costs when evaluating the adequacy of the amount expensed and the related prepaid asset and accrued liability. Significant judgments and estimates must be made
and used in determining the accrued balance and expense in any accounting period. We review and accrue CRO expenses and clinical trial study expenses based on work performed and rely upon estimates of those costs applicable to the stage of
completion of a study. Accrued CRO costs are subject to revisions as such trials progress to completion. Revisions are charged to expense in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. With respect to clinical site
costs, the financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation and vary from contract to contract. Payments under these contracts may be uneven, and depend on factors such as the achievement of certain events, the successful recruitment
of patients, and the completion of portions of the clinical trial or similar conditions. The objective of our policy is to match the recording of expenses in our condensed consolidated financial statements to the actual services received and efforts
expended. As such, expense accruals related to clinical site costs are recognized based on our estimate of the degree of completion of the event or events specified in the specific clinical study or trial contract.  
   Inventory      Inventory is stated at
the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. We determine the cost of our inventory, which includes amounts related to materials, third-party contract manufacturing and packaging services, and manufacturing overhead, on a first-in, first-out
basis. We capitalize inventory costs at our suppliers when, based on management s judgment, the realization of future economic benefit is probable at each given supplier. We received FDA approval for Auryxia on September 5, 2014, and on that
date began capitalizing inventory purchases of saleable product from certain suppliers. Prior to FDA approval, all saleable product purchased from such suppliers was included as a component of research and development expense.  
   Accounts Receivable, Allowances for Doubtful Accounts and Cash Discounts    
 We extend credit to our customers for U.S. Auryxia product sales resulting in accounts receivable. Customer accounts are monitored for past due
amounts. Past due accounts receivable, determined to be uncollectible, are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. Allowances for doubtful accounts are estimated based upon past due amounts, historical losses and existing economic
factors, and are adjusted periodically. We offer cash discounts to certain of our customers, generally 2% of the sales price, as an incentive for prompt payment. The estimate of cash discounts is recorded at the time of sale. We account for the cash
discounts by reducing revenue and accounts receivable by the amount of the discounts we expect our customers to take. Accounts receivable are reported in the condensed consolidated balance sheets, net of the allowances for doubtful accounts and cash
discounts. There was no allowance for doubtful accounts at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      Accounting Related to Goodwill    
 Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually, or when events arise that could indicate that an impairment exists. We test for goodwill
impairment using a two-step process. The first step compares the fair value of the reporting unit with the unit s carrying value, including goodwill. When the carrying value of the reporting unit is greater than fair value, the unit s
goodwill may be impaired, and the second step must be completed to measure the amount of the goodwill impairment charge, if any. In the second step, the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill is compared with the carrying amount of
the unit s goodwill. If the carrying amount is greater than the implied fair value, the carrying value of the goodwill must be written down to its implied fair value.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  We are required to perform impairment tests annually and whenever events or changes in
circumstances suggest that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable.     RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   
 For a discussion of new accounting standards, see Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our
condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report.     RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
  Three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   
  Net U.S. Auryxia Product Sales.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $5.1 million in product sales of Auryxia,
net of allowances, discounts, incentives, rebates and chargebacks, as compared with $3.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015.      

(1) 
 Includes co-pay mitigation and voucher rebates.      Gross Auryxia product sales increased for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of an increase in patient prescriptions and related units sold. Provisions for product sales allowances and accruals as a percentage of gross Auryxia
product sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 increased primarily as a result of additional rebates and discounts given to our Third-Party Payors.  
 We sell product to a limited number of major wholesalers, which we refer to as our Distributors, as well as certain pharmacies, which we refer
to collectively as our Customers. Our Distributors resell the product to retail pharmacies for purposes of their reselling the product to fill patient prescriptions. In accordance with our revenue recognition policy, until we have the ability to
reliably estimate returns of Auryxia from our Customers, revenue recognition is deferred until the earlier of the product being resold for purposes of filling patient prescriptions and the expiration of the right of return (twelve months after the
expiration date of the product), and not based on sales from us to our Customers. We will change our method of revenue recognition from the sell-through (deferred) method based on the fulfillment of patient prescriptions to the pull-through
(ex-factory) method based on sales to our Customers beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, based on our ability to reasonably estimate product returns. We did not have any deferred revenue at September 30, 2016, as compared to $3.5 million at
December 31, 2015, which represents Auryxia product shipped to our Customers, but not yet resold to fill patient prescriptions, net of applicable allowances, discounts, incentives, rebates and chargebacks. As a result of the supply interruption
discussed above, we expect revenues for the remainder of 2016 to decline as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
  License Revenue.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $1.3 million in license revenue on royalty payments from
sales of Riona in Japan as compared to $1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was due to increased sales by JT and Torii of Riona in Japan.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

   Cost of Goods Sold . For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $18.2
million in cost of goods sold, as compared to $3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2016 includes $13.8 million in write-offs of work-in-process inventory that
was determined to no longer be suitable for commercial manufacture. In addition, we incurred $2.3 million of manufacturing charges as a result of not fully utilizing planned production at our existing third-party drug product manufacturer.  
  License Expenses . For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $0.8 million in license expenses related to royalties
due to the licensor of Auryxia relating to sales of Riona in Japan as compared to $0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was due to an increase in sales of Riona in Japan.  
  Research and Development Expenses . Research and development expenses decreased by $2.5 million, or 22%, to $8.7 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $11.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in research and development expenses was primarily due to a decrease in clinical expenses as a result of the completion of the
Phase 3 study of ferric citrate for the treatment of IDA in patients with stage 3-5 NDD-CKD. We expect our research and development expenses will remain relatively consistent for the remainder of 2016 as compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2016. In total, we expect 2016 research and development expenses to decline as compared to 2015 following the completion of our pivotal Phase 3 study of ferric citrate for the treatment of IDA in patients with stage 3-5 NDD-CKD.
    Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $0.3 million, or 1.5%, to
$20.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $20.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in personnel costs attributable to our expanded sales force.
We expect our selling, general and administrative costs to remain relatively consistent for the remainder of 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2016. In total, we expect 2016 selling, general and administrative expenses to
increase slightly as compared to 2015.     Other income (expense), net . Other income (expense), net for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $0.2 million income as compared to $0.1 million income for the three months ended September 30, 2015.     Income
Taxes.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $20,000 in income tax expense related to the recording of a deferred tax liability associated with capitalized goodwill, an indefinite-lived intangible asset that is being
amortized for tax purposes, as compared to $22,000 in income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2015.     Nine months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015      Net U.S. Auryxia Product Sales.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized
$18.9 million in product sales of Auryxia, net of allowances, discounts, incentives, rebates and chargebacks, as compared with $5.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

(1) 
 Includes co-pay mitigation and voucher rebates.    
      27  

Table of Contents  

  Gross Auryxia product sales increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to
the same period in 2015 primarily as a result of an increase in patient prescriptions and related units sold.    As discussed above, we
defer revenue recognition until the earlier of our product being resold for purposes of filling patient prescriptions and the expiration of the right of return (twelve months after the expiration date of the product), and not based on sales from us
to our Customers. We did not have any deferred revenue at September 30, 2016, as compared to $3.5 million at December 31, 2015, which represents Auryxia product shipped to our Customers, but not yet resold to fill patient prescriptions, net of
applicable allowances, discounts, incentives, rebates and chargebacks.     License Revenue.  For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we recognized $3.5 million in license revenue on royalty payments from sales of Riona in Japan as compared to $2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was due to increased sales by JT and Torii of Riona in
Japan.     Cost of Goods Sold . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $24.4 million in cost of goods sold, as
compared to $3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes $13.8 million in write-offs of work-in-process inventory that was determined to no longer be
suitable for commercial manufacture. In addition, we incurred $2.3 million of manufacturing charges as a result of not fully utilizing planned production at our existing third-party drug product manufacturer.  
  License Expenses . For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $2.1 million in license expenses related to royalties due
to the licensor of Auryxia relating to sales of Riona in Japan as compared to $1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was due to an increase in sales of Riona in Japan.  
  Research and Development Expenses . Research and development expenses decreased by $5.4 million, or 19%, to $23.3 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $28.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in research and development expenses was primarily due to a decrease in clinical expenses as a result of the completion of the
Phase 3 study of ferric citrate for the treatment of IDA in patients with stage 3-5 NDD-CKD, as well as a decrease in regulatory costs after our filings leading up to European approval of Fexeric in 2015.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $1.7 million, or 2.8%, to $61.5
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $59.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to an increase in personnel and related costs attributable to our expanded sales
force.     Other income (expense), net . Other income (expense), net for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was a $38.4 million
expense as compared to $0.3 million in income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase in expense was primarily the result of $34.2 million of interest expense recorded related to the amortization of the debt discount
recognized in connection with the issuance of the Notes to Baupost in October 2015. Additionally, we recorded $4.7 million of expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to the increase in fair value of the portion of the Notes
accounted for separately as a derivative liability from December 31, 2016 to June 30, 2016. See Note 8 Debt for additional details.  
  Income Taxes.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized $60,000 in income tax expense related to the recording
of a deferred tax liability associated with capitalized goodwill, an indefinite-lived intangible asset that is being amortized for tax purposes, as compared to $67,000 in income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
 Our major sources of cash have been proceeds from various public and private offerings of our common stock, the issuance of convertible senior
notes, option and warrant exercises, interest income, and from the upfront and milestone payments from our agreement with JT and Torii, sales of Auryxia and miscellaneous payments from our other prior licensing activities. The commercial launch of
our product, Auryxia, occurred in late December 2014 and we began to recognize revenue from the sales of Auryxia in 2015. The interruption in the supply of Auryxia, however, will negatively impact our net U.S. Auryxia product sales for at least the
remainder of 2016. Even if we successfully commercialize Auryxia, we may not become profitable. Our ability to achieve profitability depends on a number of factors, including our ability to complete our development efforts, obtain additional
regulatory approvals for our drug, successfully complete any post-approval regulatory obligations and successfully manufacture and commercialize our drug alone or in partnership. We may continue to incur substantial operating losses even after we
begin to generate meaningful revenues from Auryxia.    In October 2015, we completed the sale of $125 million of Convertible Senior Notes
due 2020, or the Notes, to funds managed by The Baupost Group, L.L.C, or Baupost. The Notes may be converted into shares of our common stock at the discretion of Baupost at a conversion price of $3.74, subject to adjustment based on the occurrence
of certain events. We also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the purchasers of the Notes, or the Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which we agreed to (i) file a registration statement with the Securities Exchange Commission,
or SEC, covering the resale of the Notes and the underlying common stock which the Notes are convertible into upon the written request of Baupost, and (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts, subject to receipt of necessary information from all the
purchasers of the Notes, to cause the SEC to declare such resale registration statement effective. Further, the Registration Rights Agreement permits Baupost to demand from time to time that we file a shelf Registration Statement pursuant to Rule
415 of the Securities Act from which any number of shelf takedowns may be conducted upon written request from Baupost. In addition, the Registration Rights Agreement provides Baupost certain piggyback registration rights.  
 On January 21, 2015, we announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering in which we sold 10,541,667 shares of our common stock at a
price of $12.00 per share for gross proceeds of approximately $126.5 million. Net proceeds from this offering were approximately $118.3 million, net of underwriting discounts and offering expenses of approximately $8.2 million. The shares were sold
under registration statements (Nos. 333-201605 and 333-201639) on Form S-3 and Form S-3MEF, respectively, filed by us with the SEC.    In
January 2014, JT and Torii received manufacturing and marketing approval of Riona from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare. We receive royalty payments based on a tiered double-digit percentage of net sales of Riona in Japan
escalating up to the mid-teens, as well as up to an additional $55.0 million upon the achievement of certain annual net sales milestones. We owe royalties at a mid-single digit percentage of net sales to the licensor of ferric citrate associated
with net sales of Riona in Japan.    As of September 30, 2016, we had $132.2 million in cash and cash equivalents, as compared to $200.3
million in cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2015, representing a decrease of $68.1 million.    We currently expect that our
existing capital resources and future anticipated cash flows will be sufficient to execute our current business objectives. The actual amount of cash that we will need to operate is subject to many factors, including, but not limited to, the timing
and expenditures associated with commercial activities related to Auryxia and the magnitude of cash received from product sales, the timing and expenditures associated with resolving the recently announced supply interruption of Auryxia, the
successful re-supply of Auryxia upon resolution of the supply interruption, the build-up of inventory and capacity expansion, and the timing, design and conduct of clinical trials for ferric citrate. As a result of these factors, we may need to seek
additional financings to provide the cash necessary to execute our current operations, including beyond commercializing Auryxia, and to develop any drug candidates we may in-license or acquire. For a detailed discussion regarding the risks and
uncertainties related to our liquidity and capital resources, please refer to our Risk Factor,  Our existing capital resources may not be adequate to finance our operating cash requirements for the length of time that we have estimated 
included in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 and the other risk factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and
other SEC filings.    Net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $66.3 million as compared to
$102.9 million net cash used in operating activities of for the same period in 2015. This decrease in net  
      29  

Table of Contents  

cash used in operating activities was primarily related to commercial expenditures to support the launch of Auryxia in 2015, including the manufacturing of inventory, as well as write-offs of
inventory to net realizable value in 2016 and an increase in total revenues in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to 2015.    Net
cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.1 million as compared to $11.1 million net cash provided by investing activities for the same period in 2015. The change from net cash provided by investing
activities to net cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to maturities of short-term investments in 2015, with no such activity in 2016.  
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $198,000 attributable to the exercise of stock
options. Net cash provided by financing activities for the same period in 2015 was $119.7 million, primarily attributable to the net proceeds received from our public offering of common stock in January 2015 of $118.3 million.  
  OBLIGATIONS AND COMMITMENTS     As of
September 30, 2016, our contractual obligations and commitments primarily consist of our obligations under non-cancelable leases, convertible senior notes, and various agreements with third parties, including selling, general and administrative,
research and development and manufacturing agreements.    There have been no other material changes to our contractual obligations and
commitments outside the ordinary course of business from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  
  Leases     In April 2015, we signed a lease
agreement for approximately 27,300 square feet in Boston, Massachusetts, for a 94-month term that commenced on May 1, 2015. In order to make the space usable for our operations, substantial improvements were made. Our landlord agreed to pay for up
to approximately $1.9 million of the improvements, and we bore all additional costs that were incurred. As such, we have determined that we are the owner of the improvements and account for tenant improvements paid by our landlord as a lease
incentive. On May 1, 2015, in accordance with ASC 840-20,  Operating Leases , we recorded a deferred lease incentive, and an associated receivable from our landlord, for the total amount to be paid by the landlord for improvements. The deferred
lease incentive is being amortized as a partial offset to rent expense over the term of the lease, and the receivable was drawn down as cash was received from our landlord. We began occupying the space in November 2015. Improvements made to our
leased space have been recorded as fixed assets and will be amortized over the assets  useful lives or the remaining lease term, whichever is shorter.  
 The lease for our New York City office expired on September 30, 2016 and we did not renew our lease.  
  Royalty and Contingent Milestone Payments   
 Under the license agreement with Panion, we acquired the exclusive worldwide rights, excluding certain Asian-Pacific countries, for the
development and marketing of ferric citrate. As of September 30, 2016, we have paid an aggregate of $11.6 million of milestone payments to Panion, including the $2.0 million paid upon European marketing approval in 2015. In addition, Panion is
eligible to receive royalty payments based on a mid-single digit percentage of net sales of Auryxia in the United States and of Riona in Japan. We record royalties on net sales of Auryxia in cost of goods sold and royalties on net sales of Riona in
license expense.     OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 We have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities whereby we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests,
derivative instruments or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligations under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides us with financing, liquidity,
market risk or credit risk support, or engages in leasing, hedging, or research and development services on our behalf.  
      30  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
   Interest Rate Risk      The primary
objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing our income from investments and minimizing our market risk. As of September 30, 2016, our portfolio of financial instruments consists of cash equivalents, including
money market funds. Due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments, we believe there is no material exposure to interest rate risk, and/or credit risk, arising from our portfolio of financial instruments.  
   Equity Price Risk      Our Notes
issued to Baupost include conversion and settlement provisions that are based on the price of our common stock at conversion or at maturity of the Notes. The amount of cash we may be required to pay upon conversion of the Notes is determined by the
price of our common stock. The fair value of the Notes is dependent on the price and volatility of our common stock and will generally increase or decrease as the market price of our common stock changes. See Note 3   Fair Value Measurements
and Note 8   Debt for a description of the Notes and their fair value.       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 As of September 30, 2016, management carried out, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to
provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms.
Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
  Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting   
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2016, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting.     Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
    Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control
system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected.  
    PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
 See Note 10   Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report, which is
incorporated into this item by reference.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS   
 Information regarding risk factors appears in Item 1A of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. There have
been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in that Form 10-Q.       ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION
    On November 9, 2016, we entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM  Sales
Agreement, or the Sales Agreement, with Cantor Fitzgerald   Co., as sales agent, or Cantor Fitzgerald, pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, through Cantor Fitzgerald, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering
price of up to $75.0 million.    We are not obligated to sell any shares under the Sales Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions of
the Sales Agreement, Cantor Fitzgerald will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, applicable state and federal law, rules and regulations and the rules of The NASDAQ Capital Market to sell shares
from time to time based upon our instructions, including any price, time or size limits specified by us. Under the Sales Agreement, Cantor Fitzgerald may sell shares by any method deemed to be an  at the market offering  as defined in Rule
415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. Cantor Fitzgerald s obligations to sell shares under the Sales Agreement are subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, including the effectiveness of a registration statement on Form S-3 covering the
shares of common stock that may be sold by Cantor Fitzgerald under the Sales Agreement we expect to file with the SEC shortly after the filing of this report. We will pay Cantor Fitzgerald a commission of up to 3.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds
from each sale of shares and have agreed to provide Cantor Fitzgerald with customary indemnification and contribution rights. We have also agreed to reimburse Cantor Fitzgerald for the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of its outside legal
counsel, not to exceed $50,000 in the aggregate, in connection with entering into the Sales Agreement.    The offering of shares of our
common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the termination of the Sales Agreement as permitted therein. We and Cantor Fitzgerald may each terminate the Sales Agreement at any time upon ten days  prior notice.  
 The foregoing summary of the Sales Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of
the Sales Agreement, a copy of which we will file with the registration statement referred to above.    Shares sold under the Sales
Agreement will be issued pursuant to the registration statement referred to above and the sales agreement prospectus that will form a part of such registration statement, following such time as the registration statement is declared effective by the
SEC. This report shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any shares under the Sales Agreement, nor shall there be any sale of such shares in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful
prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state.       ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   
 The exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately following the signatures to this report, which is incorporated herein by reference, are
filed or furnished as part of this report.  
      32  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

KERYX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
   /s/ Scott A. Holmes      

Scott A. Holmes      Chief Financial
Officer   

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer  
 
      33  

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX   
 The following exhibits are included as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q:      

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.    
      34  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d268086dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1   
  INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT   
 This Indemnification Agreement, dated as of
[                    ] (this    Agreement   ), is made by and between Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
   Company   ), and [                    ] (   Indemnitee   ).  
  RECITALS :  
 A.    The Corporation recognizes that competent and experienced persons may be reluctant to serve or to continue to serve
as directors or officers of corporations unless they are protected by comprehensive liability insurance or indemnification, or both, due to increased exposure to litigation costs and risks resulting from their service to such corporations, and due
to the fact that the exposure frequently bears no reasonable relationship to the compensation of such directors and officers;  
 B.    The statutes and judicial decisions regarding the duties of directors and officers are often difficult to apply,
ambiguous, or conflicting, and therefore fail to provide such directors and officers with adequate, reliable knowledge of legal risks to which they are exposed or information regarding the proper course of action to take;  
 C.    The Corporation and Indemnitee recognize that plaintiffs often seek damages in such large amounts and the costs of
litigation may be so enormous (whether or not the case is meritorious), that the defense and/or settlement of such litigation is often beyond the personal resources of directors and officers;  
 D.    The Corporation believes that it is unfair for its directors and officers to assume the risk of huge judgments and
other expenses which may occur in cases in which the director or officer received no personal profit and in cases where the director or officer was not culpable;  
 E.    The Corporation acknowledges that the liability insurance coverage presently available to the Corporation may be
inadequate in certain circumstances to cover all possible exposure for which Indemnitee should be protected. The Corporation believes that the interests of the Corporation and its stockholders would best be served by a combination of such insurance
and the indemnification by the Corporation of the directors and officers of the Corporation;    F.    The
Corporation s Certificate of Incorporation requires the Corporation to indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, and expressly provide that the indemnification provisions set
forth therein are not exclusive, and contemplate that contracts may be entered into between the Corporation and its directors and officers with respect to indemnification;  
 G.    Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, under which the Corporation is organized, empowers the
Corporation to indemnify its officers, directors, employees and agents by agreement and to indemnify persons who serve, at the request of the Corporation, as the directors, officers, employees or agents of other corporations or enterprises, and
expressly provides that the indemnification provided by Section 145 is not exclusive;  

H.    The Board of Directors has determined that contractual indemnification
as set forth herein is not only reasonable and prudent but also promotes the best interests of the Corporation and its stockholders;  
 I.    The Corporation desires and has requested Indemnitee to serve or continue to serve as a director or officer of the
Corporation and/or one or more subsidiaries or affiliates of the Corporation free from undue concern for unwarranted claims for damages arising out of or related to such services to the Corporation and/or one or more subsidiaries or affiliates of
the Corporation; and    J.    Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve or to provide additional service for or
on behalf of the Corporation on the condition that he is furnished the indemnity provided for herein, in addition to the protections afforded by the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, and the Company s Director and Officer
insurance program.     AGREEMENT :  
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows:  
  1.      Certain Definitions.  In addition to terms defined elsewhere herein, the following terms have the
following meanings when used in this Agreement with initial capital letters:  
 (a)       Board    means the Board of Directors of the Company.  
 (b)        Change in Control    shall have occurred at such time, if any, as Incumbent
Directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of Directors. For purpose of this Section 1(a),    Incumbent Directors    means the individuals who, as of the date hereof, are Directors of the Company and any
individual becoming a Director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, nomination for election by the Company s stockholders, or appointment, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the then Incumbent Directors (either by a
specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director, without objection to such nomination);  provided, however , that an individual shall not be an Incumbent Director if
such individual s election or appointment to the Board occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest (as described in Rule 14a-12(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) with respect to the election or removal of
Directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board.  
 (c)       Claim    means (i) any threatened, asserted, pending or completed claim,
demand, action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, arbitrative, investigative or other, and whether made pursuant to federal, state or other law; and (ii) any threatened, pending or completed inquiry or investigation,
whether made, instituted or conducted, by the Company or any other Person, including without limitation any federal, state or other governmental entity, that Indemnitee determines might lead to the institution of any such claim, demand, action, suit
or proceeding. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company intends indemnity to be provided hereunder in respect of acts or failure to act prior to, on or after the date hereof.  
      2  

(d)       Constituent Documents    means
the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.    (e)        Controlled
Affiliate    means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity or enterprise, whether or not for profit, that is directly or indirectly controlled by the Company. For purposes of this
definition,  control  means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity or enterprise, whether through the ownership of voting securities, through other
voting rights, by contract or otherwise;  provided  that direct or indirect beneficial ownership of capital stock or other interests in an entity or enterprise entitling the holder to cast 15% or more of the total number of votes generally
entitled to be cast in the election of directors (or persons performing comparable functions) of such entity or enterprise shall be deemed to constitute  control  for purposes of this definition.  
 (f)       Disinterested Director    means a director of the Company who is not and was
not a party to or threatened with the Claim in respect of which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.  
 (g)       Expenses    means attorneys  and experts  fees and expenses and all
other costs and expenses paid or payable in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to investigate, defend, be a witness in or participate in (including on appeal), any
Claim.    (h)       Indemnifiable Claim    means any Claim based upon, arising out of
or resulting from (i) any actual, alleged or suspected act or failure to act by Indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee or agent of
any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity or enterprise, whether or not for profit, as to which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee,
member, manager, trustee or agent, (ii) any actual, alleged or suspected act or failure to act by Indemnitee in respect of any business, transaction, communication, filing, disclosure or other activity of the Company or any other entity or
enterprise referred to in clause (i) of this sentence, or (iii) Indemnitee s status as a current or former director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or as a current or former director, officer, employee, member, manager,
trustee or agent of the Company or any other entity or enterprise referred to in clause (i) of this sentence or any actual, alleged or suspected act or failure to act by Indemnitee in connection with any obligation or restriction imposed upon
Indemnitee by reason of such status. In addition to any service at the actual request of the Company, for purposes of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be deemed to be serving or to have served at the request of the Company as a director,
officer, employee, member, manager, trustee or other agent of another entity or enterprise if Indemnitee is or was serving as a director, officer, employee, member, manager, trustee or other agent of such entity or enterprise and (A) such
entity or enterprise is or at the time of such service was a Controlled Affiliate, (B) such entity or enterprise is or at the time of such service was an employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or a
Controlled Affiliate, or (C) the Company or a Controlled Affiliate directly or indirectly caused or authorized Indemnitee to be nominated, elected, appointed, designated, employed, engaged or selected to serve in such capacity.  
      3  

(i)       Indemnifiable Losses    means
any and all Losses relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Indemnifiable Claim; provided, however, that Indemnifiable Losses shall not include Losses incurred by Indemnitee in respect of any Indemnifiable Claim (or any matter or issue
therein) as to which Indemnitee shall have been adjudged liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such Indemnifiable Claim was brought shall determine upon application that,
despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such Expenses as the court shall deem proper.  
 (j)       Independent Counsel    means a law firm, or a member of a law firm, that is
experienced in matters of corporation law and neither presently is, nor in the past five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company (or any subsidiary) or Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with
respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements) or (ii) any other named (or, as to a threatened matter, reasonably likely to be named) party to the
Indemnifiable Claim giving rise to a claim for indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term  Independent Counsel  shall not include any person who, under the applicable standards of professional conduct then
prevailing, would have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement. 
 (k)       Losses    means any and all Expenses, damages, losses, liabilities,
judgments, fines, penalties (whether civil, criminal or other) and amounts paid or payable in settlement, including without limitation all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of any of the
foregoing.    (l)         Person    means any individual, entity, or group,
within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  
 (m)         Standard of Conduct    means the standard for conduct by Indemnitee
that is a condition precedent to indemnification of Indemnitee hereunder against Indemnifiable Losses relating to, arising out of or resulting from an Indemnifiable Claim. The Standard of Conduct is (i) good faith and reasonable belief by
Indemnitee that his or her action was in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, that Indemnitee had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful, or (ii) any
other applicable standard of conduct that may hereafter be substituted under Section 145(a) or (b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law or any successor to such provision(s).  
 (n)       Standard of Conduct Determination    means a determination of whether
Indemnitee has satisfied the Standard of Conduct with respect to an Indemnifiable Claim determined pursuant to Section 7(b) or Section 7(c) hereof.  
  2.      Indemnification Obligation.  Subject only to Section 7 and to the proviso in this Section,
the Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted or required by the laws of the State of Delaware in effect on the date hereof or as such laws may from time to time hereafter be amended to increase
the scope of such permitted indemnification, against any and all Indemnifiable Claims and Indemnifiable Losses;  provided ,  however , that, except as provided in Sections 4 and 20, Indemnitee shall not be entitled to
 
      4  

indemnification pursuant to this Agreement (i) in connection with any Claim initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or any director or officer of the Company unless the Company has joined in
or consented to the initiation of such Claim, or (ii) in which judgment is rendered against Indemnitee for an accounting of profits made from the purchase or sale of securities of the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 16(b) of the
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    3.      Advancement of Expenses Incurred with Respect to Indemnifiable
Claims.    Indemnitee shall have the right to advancement by the Company prior to the final disposition of any Indemnifiable Claim of any and all Expenses relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Indemnifiable Claim paid or
incurred by Indemnitee or which Indemnitee determines in good faith are reasonably likely to be paid or incurred by Indemnitee and as to which Indemnitee s counsel provides supporting documentation. Without limiting the generality or
effect of any other provision hereof, Indemnitee s right to such advancement is not subject to the satisfaction of any standard of conduct. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, within five business days after any
request by Indemnitee that is accompanied by supporting documentation for specific Expenses to be reimbursed or advanced, the Company shall, in accordance with such request (but without duplication), (a) pay such Expenses on behalf of
Indemnitee, (b) advance to Indemnitee funds in an amount sufficient to pay such Expenses, or (c) reimburse Indemnitee for such Expenses;  provided  that Indemnitee shall repay, without interest any amounts actually advanced to Indemnitee
that, at the final disposition of the Indemnifiable Claim to which the advance related, were in excess of amounts paid or payable by Indemnitee in respect of Expenses relating to, arising out of or resulting from such Indemnifiable Claim. In
connection with any such payment, advancement or reimbursement, at the request of the Company, Indemnitee shall execute and deliver to the Company an undertaking, which need not be secured and shall be accepted without reference to Indemnitee s
ability to repay the Expenses, by or on behalf of the Indemnitee, to repay any amounts paid, advanced or reimbursed by the Company in respect of Expenses relating to, arising out of or resulting from any Indemnifiable Claim in respect of which it
shall have been determined, following the final disposition of such Indemnifiable Claim and in accordance with Section 7, that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification hereunder. For purposes of this  Section 3 , the
determination of when a  final disposition  of any Indemnifiable Claim will be deemed to occur or have occurred shall be made by the person or entity that has or will make any required Standard of Conduct Determination with respect to such
Indemnifiable Claim pursuant to  Section 7(b)  or  Section 7(c) .     4.      Indemnification for
Expenses Incurred with Respect to Certain Claims Made by Indemnitee.  Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, the Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against and, if requested by Indemnitee, shall
reimburse Indemnitee for, or advance to Indemnitee, within five business days of such request accompanied by supporting documentation for specific Expenses to be reimbursed or advanced, any and all Expenses paid or incurred by Indemnitee or which
Indemnitee determines in good faith are reasonably likely to be paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any Claim made, instituted or conducted by Indemnitee for (a) indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by
the Company under any provision of this Agreement, or under any other agreement or provision of the Constituent Documents now or hereafter in effect relating to Indemnifiable Claims, and/or (b) recovery under any directors  and
officers  liability insurance policies maintained by the Company, regardless in each case of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, reimbursement, advance or insurance
 
      5  

recovery, as the case may be;  provided ,  however , that Indemnitee shall return, without interest, any such advance of Expenses (or portion thereof) which remains unspent at the final
disposition of the Claim to which the advance related.     5.      Partial Indemnity.  If Indemnitee is
entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for a portion of any Indemnifiable Loss but not for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion thereof to which
Indemnitee is entitled.    6.      Procedure for Notification . To obtain indemnification under this
Agreement in respect of an Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request therefor, including a brief description (based upon information then available to Indemnitee) of such Indemnifiable Claim
or Indemnifiable Loss. If, at the time of the receipt of such request, the Company has directors  and officers  liability insurance in effect under which coverage for such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss is potentially
available, the Company shall give prompt written notice of such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss to the applicable insurers in accordance with the procedures set forth in the applicable policies. The Company shall provide to Indemnitee
a copy of such notice delivered to the applicable insurers and, upon Indemnitee s request, copies of all subsequent correspondence between the Company and such insurers regarding the Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss, in each case
substantially concurrently with the delivery or receipt thereof by the Company. The failure by Indemnitee to timely notify the Company of any Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss shall not relieve the Company from any liability hereunder
unless, and only to the extent that, the Company did not otherwise learn of such Indemnifiable Claim or Indemnifiable Loss and such failure results in forfeiture by the Company of substantial defenses, rights or insurance coverage.  
  7.      Determination of Right to Indemnification .  
 (a)     Circumstances in which No Standard of Conduct Determination is Required . To the extent
that Indemnitee shall have been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any Indemnifiable Claim or any portion thereof or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including without limitation dismissal without prejudice, Indemnitee
shall be indemnified against all Indemnifiable Losses relating to, arising out of or resulting from such Indemnifiable Claim in accordance with Section 2 and no Standard of Conduct Determination shall be required. 
 (b)     Standard of Conduct Determination Prior to a Change in Control . To the extent that (i)
the provisions of Section 7(a) are inapplicable to an Indemnifiable Claim and (ii) a Change in Control shall not have occurred, or a Change in Control shall have occurred but Indemnitee shall have requested that the Standard of Conduct
Determination be made pursuant to this Section 7(b), any Standard of Conduct Determination shall be made (A) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even if less than a quorum of the Board, (B) if such Disinterested Directors so
direct, by a majority vote of a committee of Disinterested Directors designated by a majority vote of all Disinterested Directors, or (C) if there are no such Disinterested Directors, or if a majority of the Disinterested Directors so direct,
by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to Indemnitee. 
      6  

(c)     Standard of Conduct Determination Following a
Change in Control . To the extent that (i) the provisions of  Section 7(a)  are inapplicable to an Indemnifiable Claim that shall have been finally disposed of, and (ii) a Change in Control shall have occurred and Indemnitee shall
not have requested that the Standard of Conduct Determination be made pursuant to  Section 7(b) , the Standard of Conduct Determination shall be made by Independent Counsel in a written opinion addressed to the Board, a copy of which shall be
delivered to Indemnitee.    (d)     Cooperation by Indemnitee . Indemnitee will cooperate with
the person or persons making such Standard of Conduct Determination pursuant to  Section 7(b)  or  Section 7(c) , including providing to such person or persons, upon reasonable advance request, any documentation or information which is not
privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably necessary to such Standard of Conduct Determination. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee against and, if
requested by Indemnitee, shall reimburse Indemnitee for, or advance to Indemnitee, within five business days of such request, any and all costs and expenses (including attorneys  and experts  fees and expenses) incurred by Indemnitee in so
cooperating with the person or persons making such Standard of Conduct Determination.    (e)     Timing
of Standard of Conduct Determination . The Company shall use its reasonable efforts to cause any Standard of Conduct Determination required under Section 7(b) or Section 7(c) to be made as promptly as practicable. If (i) the
person or persons empowered or selected under Section 7(b) or Section 7(c) to make the Standard of Conduct Determination shall not have made a determination within 30 days after the later of (A) receipt by the Company of written
notice from Indemnitee advising the Company of the final disposition of the applicable Indemnifiable Claim (the date of such receipt being the    Notification Date   ) and (B) the selection of an Independent Counsel, if such
determination is to be made by Independent Counsel, that is permitted under the provisions of Section 7(g) to make such determination, and (ii) Indemnitee shall have fulfilled his or her obligations set forth in the first sentence of
Section 7(d), then Indemnitee shall be deemed to have satisfied the applicable Standard of Conduct;  provided  that such 30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 30 days, if the person or
persons making such Standard of Conduct Determination in good faith requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluation or documentation and/or information relating thereto.  
 (f)     Timing of Payment . If (i) Indemnitee shall be entitled to indemnification hereunder
against any Indemnifiable Losses pursuant to Section 7(a), (ii) no determination of whether Indemnitee has satisfied any applicable standard of conduct under Delaware law is a legally required condition precedent to indemnification of
Indemnitee hereunder against any Indemnifiable Losses, or (iii) Indemnitee has been determined or deemed pursuant to Section 7(b), Section 7(c) or Section 7(d) to have satisfied the applicable Standard of Conduct, then the Company shall
pay to Indemnitee, within five business days after the later of (x) the Notification Date in respect of the Indemnifiable Claim or portion thereof to which such Indemnifiable Losses are related, out of which such Indemnifiable Losses arose or
from which such Indemnifiable Losses resulted and (y) the earliest date on which the applicable criterion specified in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section 7(f) shall have been satisfied, an amount equal to the amount of such Indemnifiable
Losses. Nothing herein is intended to mean or imply that the Company is intending to use Section 145(f) of the Delaware General Corporation Law to dispense with a requirement that Indemnitee meet the applicable Standard of Conduct where it is
otherwise required by such statute.  
      7  

(g)     Selection of Independent Counsel . If a
Standard of Conduct Determination is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(b), the Independent Counsel shall be selected by the Board or a Board Committee, and the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him
or her of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. If a Standard of Conduct Determination is to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 7(c), the Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee, and Indemnitee
shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected. In either case, Indemnitee or the Company, as applicable, may, within five business days after receiving written notice of selection
from the other, deliver to the other a written objection to such selection;  provided ,  however , that such objection may be asserted only on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not satisfy the criteria set forth in
the definition of  Independent Counsel  set forth in Section 1, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person or persons so selected
shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is properly and timely made and substantiated, (i) the Independent Counsel so selected may not serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn or a court
has determined that such objection is without merit and (ii) the non-objecting party may, at its option, select an alternative Independent Counsel and give written notice to the other party advising such other party of the identity of the
alternative Independent Counsel so selected, in which case the provisions of the two immediately preceding sentences and clause (i) of this sentence shall apply to such subsequent selection and notice. If applicable, the provisions of
clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall apply to successive alternative selections. If no Independent Counsel that is permitted under the foregoing provisions of this Section 7(g) to make the Standard of Conduct
Determination shall have been selected within 30 calendar days after the Company gives its initial notice pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 7(g) or Indemnitee gives its initial notice pursuant to the second sentence of this
Section 7(g), as the case may be, either the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware for resolution of any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to the other s selection
of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as Independent Counsel of a person or firm selected by the Court or by such other person as the Court shall designate, and the person or firm with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or
the person or firm so appointed will act as Independent Counsel. In all events, the Company shall pay all of the actual and reasonable fees and expenses of the Independent Counsel incurred in connection with the Independent Counsel s
determination pursuant to Section 7(b) or Section 7(c).     8.      Presumption of Entitlement.  In
making any Standard of Conduct Determination, the person or persons making such determination shall presume that Indemnitee has satisfied the applicable Standard of Conduct, and the Company may overcome such presumption only by its adducing clear
and convincing evidence to the contrary. Any Standard of Conduct Determination that is adverse to Indemnitee may be challenged by the Indemnitee in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. No determination by the Company (including
by its directors or any Independent Counsel) that Indemnitee has not satisfied any applicable Standard of Conduct shall be a defense to any Claim by Indemnitee for indemnification or reimbursement or advance payment of Expenses by the Company
hereunder or create a presumption that Indemnitee has not met any applicable Standard of Conduct.  
      8  

9.      No Other Presumption.  For purposes of this
Agreement, the termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of  nolo contendere  or its equivalent, will not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any
applicable Standard of Conduct or that indemnification hereunder is otherwise not permitted.  
  10.      Non     -Exclusivity.   The rights of Indemnitee
hereunder will be in addition to any other rights Indemnitee may have under the Constituent Documents, or the substantive laws of the Company s jurisdiction of incorporation, any other contract or otherwise (collectively,    Other
Indemnity Provisions     provided ,  however , that (a) to the extent that Indemnitee otherwise would have any greater right to indemnification under any Other Indemnity Provision, Indemnitee will without further action
be deemed to have such greater right hereunder, and (b) to the extent that any change is made to any Other Indemnity Provision which permits any greater right to indemnification than that provided under this Agreement as of the date hereof,
Indemnitee will be deemed to have such greater right hereunder. The Company may not, without the consent of Indemnitee, adopt any amendment to any of the Constituent Documents the effect of which would be to deny, diminish or encumber
Indemnitee s right to indemnification under this Agreement or any Other Indemnity Provision.  
  11.      Liability Insurance and Funding.  For the duration of Indemnitee s service as a director
and/or officer of the Company and for not less than five years thereafter, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts (taking into account the scope and amount of coverage available relative to the cost thereof) to cause to be maintained
in effect policies of directors  and officers  liability insurance providing coverage for Indemnitee that is at least as favorable in scope and amount to that provided by the Company s current policies of directors  and
officers  liability insurance. Upon request, the Company shall provide Indemnitee or his or her counsel with a copy of all directors  and officers  liability insurance applications, binders, policies, declarations, endorsements
and other related materials. In all policies of directors  and officers  liability insurance obtained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same rights and benefits,
subject to the same limitations, as are accorded to the Company s directors and officers most favorably insured by such policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Company may, but shall not be required to, create a trust fund, grant a
security interest or use other means, including without limitation a letter of credit, to ensure the payment of such amounts as may be necessary to satisfy its obligations to indemnify and advance expenses pursuant to this Agreement and (ii) in
renewing or seeking to renew any insurance hereunder, the Company will not be required to expend more than 3.0 times the premium amount of the immediately preceding policy period (equitably adjusted if necessary to reflect differences in policy
periods).     12.      Subrogation.  In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company shall be
subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the related rights of recovery of Indemnitee against other persons (other than Indemnitee s successors), including any entity or enterprise referred to in clause (i) of the definition of
 Indemnifiable Claim  in Section 1. Indemnitee shall execute all papers reasonably required to evidence such rights (all of Indemnitee s reasonable Expenses, including attorneys  fees and charges, related thereto to be
reimbursed by or, at the option of Indemnitee, advanced by the Company).  
      9  

13.      No Duplication of Payments.  The Company shall not
be liable under this Agreement to make any payment to Indemnitee in respect of any Indemnifiable Losses to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise actually received payment (net of Expenses incurred in connection therewith) under any insurance policy,
the Constituent Documents, Other Indemnity Provisions or otherwise (including from any entity or enterprise referred to in clause (i) of the definition of  Indemnifiable Claim  in Section 1) in respect of such Indemnifiable
Losses otherwise indemnifiable hereunder.     14.      Defense of Claims.  Subject to the provisions of
applicable policies of directors  and officers  liability insurance, the Company shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Indemnifiable Claim or to assume or lead the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to
Indemnitee;  provided  that if Indemnitee believes, after consultation with counsel selected by Indemnitee, that (a) the use of counsel chosen by the Company to represent Indemnitee would present such counsel with an actual or potential
conflict, (b) the named parties in any such Indemnifiable Claim (including any impleaded parties) include both the Company and Indemnitee and Indemnitee shall conclude that there may be one or more legal defenses available to Indemnitee that
are different from or in addition to those available to the Company, (c) any such representation by such counsel would be precluded under the applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, or (d) Indemnitee has interests in the
claim or underlying subject matter that are different from or in addition to those of other persons against whom the Claim has been made or might reasonably be expected to be made, then Indemnitee shall be entitled to retain separate counsel (but
not more than one law firm plus, if applicable, local counsel in respect of any particular Indemnifiable Claim for all indemnitees in Indemnitee s circumstances) at the Company s expense. The Company shall not be liable to Indemnitee
under this Agreement for any amounts paid in settlement of any threatened or pending Indemnifiable Claim effected without the Company s prior written consent. The Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Indemnitee, effect
any settlement of any threatened or pending Indemnifiable Claim to which Indemnitee is, or could have been, a party unless such settlement solely involves the payment of money and includes a complete and unconditional release of Indemnitee from
all liability on any claims that are the subject matter of such Indemnifiable Claim. Neither the Company nor Indemnitee shall unreasonably withhold its consent to any proposed settlement;  provided  that Indemnitee may withhold consent to
any settlement that does not provide a complete and unconditional release of Indemnitee.     15.    Successors and
Binding Agreement.    (a)    The Company shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by
purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent the Company would be
required to perform if no such succession had taken place. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and any successor to the Company, including without limitation any Person acquiring directly or indirectly
all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, reorganization or otherwise (and such successor will thereafter be deemed the    Company    for purposes of this
Agreement), but shall not otherwise be assignable or delegatable by the Company.  
      10  

(b)    This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by the Indemnitee s personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, legatees and other successors.  
 (c)    This Agreement is personal in nature and neither of the parties hereto shall, without the consent of
the other, assign or delegate this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder except as expressly provided in Sections 15(a) and Section 15(b). Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, Indemnitee s right to
receive payments hereunder shall not be assignable, whether by pledge, creation of a security interest or otherwise, other than by a transfer by the Indemnitee s will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and, in the event of any
attempted assignment or transfer contrary to this Section 15(c), the Company shall have no liability to pay any amount so attempted to be assigned or transferred.  
  16.      Notices.  For all purposes of this Agreement, all communications, including without limitation
notices, consents, requests or approvals, required or permitted to be given hereunder must be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when hand delivered or dispatched by electronic facsimile transmission (with receipt thereof orally
confirmed), or five business days after having been mailed by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid or one business day after having been sent for  next-day 
delivery by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Company (to the attention of the Secretary of the Company) and to Indemnitee at the applicable address shown on the signature page hereto, or to such other address as
any party may have furnished to the other in writing and in accordance herewith, except that notices of changes of address will be effective only upon receipt.  
  17.      Governing Law.  The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of such State. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby irrevocably consent to the
jurisdiction of the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware for all purposes in connection with any action or proceeding which arises out of or relates to this Agreement, waive all procedural objections to suit in that jurisdiction, including
without limitation objections as to venue or inconvenience, agree that service in any such action may be made by notice given in accordance with Section 16 and also agree that any action instituted under this Agreement shall be brought only in the
Chancery Court of the State of Delaware.     18.      Validity.  If any provision of this Agreement or
the application of any provision hereof to any Person or circumstance is held invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to any other Person or circumstance shall not be
affected, and the provision so held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal shall be reformed to the extent, and only to the extent, necessary to make it enforceable, valid or legal. In the event that any court or other adjudicative
body shall decline to reform any provision of this Agreement held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal as contemplated by the immediately preceding sentence, the parties thereto shall take all such action
 
      11  

as may be necessary or appropriate to replace the provision so held to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal with one or more alternative provisions that effectuate the purpose and
intent of the original provisions of this Agreement as fully as possible without being invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal.  
  19.      Miscellaneous.  No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified or discharged unless such
waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing signed by Indemnitee and the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto or compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement
to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, expressed or implied with
respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party that are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. 
  20.      Legal Fees and Expenses.  It is the intent of the Company that Indemnitee not be required to
incur legal fees and or other Expenses associated with the interpretation, enforcement or defense of Indemnitee s rights under this Agreement by litigation or otherwise because the cost and expense thereof would substantially detract from the
benefits intended to be extended to Indemnitee hereunder. Accordingly, without limiting the generality or effect of any other provision hereof, if it should reasonably appear to Indemnitee that the Company has failed to comply with any of its
obligations under this Agreement or in the event that the Company or any other Person takes or threatens to take any action to declare this Agreement void or unenforceable, or institutes any litigation or other action or proceeding designed to
improperly deny, or to improperly recover from, Indemnitee the benefits provided or intended to be provided to Indemnitee hereunder, the Company irrevocably authorizes Indemnitee from time to time to retain counsel of Indemnitee s choice, at
the expense of the Company as hereafter provided, to advise and represent Indemnitee in connection with any such interpretation, enforcement or defense, including without limitation the initiation or defense of any litigation or other legal action,
whether by or against the Company or any director, officer, stockholder or other Person affiliated with the Company, in any jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any existing or prior attorney-client relationship between the Company and such counsel,
the Company irrevocably consents to Indemnitee s entering into an attorney-client relationship with such counsel, and in that connection the Company and Indemnitee agree that a confidential relationship shall exist between Indemnitee and such
counsel. Without respect to whether Indemnitee prevails, in whole or in part, in connection with any of the foregoing, the Company will pay and be solely financially responsible for any and all attorneys  and related fees and expenses
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with any of the foregoing.     21.      Certain
Interpretive Matters.    Unless the context of this Agreement otherwise requires, (a)  it  or  its  or words of any gender include each other gender, (b) words using the singular or plural number also include the
plural or singular number, respectively, (c) the terms  hereof,   herein,   hereby  and derivative or similar words refer to this entire Agreement, (d) the terms  Article,   Section, 
 Annex  or  Exhibit  refer to the specified Article, Section, Annex or Exhibit of or to this Agreement, (e) the terms  include,   includes  and  including  will be deemed to be followed by the words
 without limitation  (whether or not so expressed), (f) the word  or  is disjunctive but not exclusive, and (g) descriptive headings of the Sections and subsections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and will not
control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Whenever this  
      12  

Agreement refers to a number of days, such number will refer to calendar days unless business days are specified and whenever action must be taken (including the giving of notice or the delivery
of documents) under this Agreement during a certain period of time or by a particular date that ends or occurs on a non-business day, then such period or date will be extended until the immediately following business day. As used herein,
 business day  means any day other than Saturday, Sunday or a United States federal holiday.  
  22.      Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Constituent Documents constitute the entire agreement,
and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. Any prior agreements or understandings between the parties hereto with respect to
indemnification are hereby terminated and of no further force or effect.     23.      Counterparts.  This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.  
  [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]   
      13  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Indemnitee has executed and the Company has caused its duly authorized
representative to execute this Agreement as of the date first above written.       

KERYX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

INDEMNITEE   

Name: 

14  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d268086dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE   
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Gregory P.
Madison, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Gregory P. Madison        

Gregory P. Madison   Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d268086dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE   
  SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002     I, Scott A.
Holmes, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Scott A. Holmes        

Scott A. Holmes   Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d268086dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF   
  KERYX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the quarterly report of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Gregory P. Madison, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge:    1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Gregory P. Madison        

Gregory P. Madison   Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d268086dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF   
  KERYX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS, INC.   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
 In connection with the quarterly report of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period
ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Scott A. Holmes, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge:    1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Scott A. Holmes        

Scott A. Holmes   Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 kerx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 kerx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 kerx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 kerx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 kerx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 kerx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

