<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1582313_0001564590-16-027414_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3500271</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>254869</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>110806</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1093662</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>851452</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>574725</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>21</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027414.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103164736
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027414
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001582313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				980661854
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36687
		FILM NUMBER:		161972351

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 - 3650 GILMORE WAY
		CITY:			BURNABY
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5G 48W
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(604) 484-3300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 - 3650 GILMORE WAY
		CITY:			BURNABY
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5G 48W

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027414.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 xene-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

xene-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES   
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10 Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from               to                
 Commission file number: 001-36687 
   
 XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Canada  

98-0661854  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number)  

200-3650 Gilmore Way 
 Burnaby, British Columbia V5G 4W8 
 Canada 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (604) 484-3300 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):     

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 The number of registrant s common shares outstanding as of October 28, 2016 was 17,893,304  

XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,  we,   our,   us,   Xenon,  and  the Company  refer to Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc.  Xenon,  the Xenon logo and  Extreme Genetics  are the property of Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. and are registered in the United States and used or registered in various other jurisdictions. This report contains references to our trademarks and to trademarks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this report may appear without the   or   symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. We do not intend our use or display of other companies  trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 
   
 -i- 

PART I.     FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  
     Item 1. Financial Statements  
 XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
     Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars except share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

-2- 

XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  
       S  tatements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

-3- 

XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  
       Sta  tement of Shareholders  Equity  
 (Unaudited) 
 (Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars except share amounts) 

(1)   
 
 Our accumulated other comprehensive loss is entirely related to historical cumulative translation adjustments from the application of U.S. dollar reporting when the functional currency of the Company was the Canadian dollar.    

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

-4- 

XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  
     Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

-5- 

XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  
     Notes to Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars except share and per share amounts) 

1.   
 
 Nature of the business:    

 Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the  Company ), incorporated in 1996 under the British Columbia Business Corporations Act and continued federally in 2000 under the Canada Business Corporation Act, is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company discovering and developing a pipeline of differentiated therapeutics for orphan indications that it intends to commercialize on its own, and for larger market indications that it intends to partner with global pharmaceutical companies. 

2.   
 
 Basis of presentation:    

 These financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. 
 The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial information. Accordingly, these financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required for complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes for the year ended December 31, 2015 and included in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2016. 
 These unaudited interim financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair presentation of results for the interim periods presented. The results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of results that can be expected for a full year. These unaudited interim financial statements follow the same significant accounting policies as those described in the notes to the audited financial statements of the Company included in the Company s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, except as described below. 

3.   
 
 Future changes in accounting policies:     

 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued amendments to clarify the principles of recognizing revenue and to develop a common revenue standard that would remove inconsistencies in revenue requirements, leading to improved comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities and industries. The amendments stipulate that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additional disclosure will also be required about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In August 2015, the FASB issued an update deferring the effective date of the new revenue standard by one year. The new guidance will be effective for public entities for fiscal years and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 instead of the originally contemplated effective date of December 15, 2016.   
 In March, April and May 2016, the FASB issued amendments to the new revenue standard to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations and identifying performance obligations and licensing as well as to address certain narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients at transition with the same effective date as the new revenue standard. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on the Company s financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued amendments to lease accounting requiring the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous U.S. GAAP. The new guidance retains a distinction between finance leases and operating leases, with cash payments from operating leases classified within operating activities in the statement of cash flows. These amendments will be effective for public entities for fiscal years and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on the Company s financial statements. 

-6- 

In March 2016, the FASB issued amendments to stock-based compensation accounting to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequ  ences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification of the statement of cash flows. The amendments stipulate (a) all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies should be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the state  ment of operations and the tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur, (b) excess tax benefits should be classified along with other tax cash flows as an operating activity, (c)   an entity can make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur, (d) the threshold to qualify for equity classification permits withho  lding up to the maximum statutory tax rates in the applicable jurisdictions, and (e) cash paid by an employee when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified as financing activity. These amendments will be effective for p  ublic entities for fiscal years and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted.   The Company has early adopted all of the provisions of this update effective January 1, 2016. The Company has e  lected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and the impact of that change in accounting policy as well as the impact of the remaining provisions did not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements.  

4.   
 
 Net income (loss) per common share:    

 Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by adjusting the numerator and denominator of the basic net income (loss) per share calculation for the potential impact of dilutive securities. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, all stock options were anti-dilutive and were excluded from the diluted weighted average common shares outstanding for those periods. 

5.   
 
 Fair value of financial instruments:    

 We measure certain financial instruments and other items at fair value. 
 To determine the fair value, we use the fair value hierarchy for inputs used to measure fair value of financial assets and liabilities. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels: Level 1 (highest priority), Level 2, and Level 3 (lowest priority). 

Level 1 -   Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments.     

Level 2 -   Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (i.e., interest rates, yield curves, etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs).     

Level 3 -   Inputs are unobservable and reflect the Company s assumptions as to what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company develops these inputs based on the best information available.     

 Assets and liabilities are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurements. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in a reclassification of levels for certain securities within the fair value hierarchy. 
 The Company s Level 1 assets include cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities with quoted prices in active markets. The carrying amount of accounts receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates fair value due to the nature and short-term of those instruments.  Liability classified stock options have been valued using a Black-Scholes pricing model to estimate fair value using Level 3 inputs as defined above, as quoted prices are not readily available.   
   
 -7- 

6.   
 
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses:     

 Accounts payable and accrued expenses consisted of the following: 

7.   
 
 Share Capital    

(a)   
 
 Financing:    

 On September 13, 2016, the Company completed an underwritten public offering of 3,450,000 of its common shares at a public offering price of $7.50 per common share. The Company received approximately $24.3 million of proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions but before offering expenses. 

(b)   
 
 Stock option plan:    

 The following table presents stock option activity for the period: 

The fair value of each option granted to employees and non-employees is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 

The weighted-average fair value of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4.93 (nine months ended September 30, 2015   $11.50) per option .  
   
 -8- 

8.   
 
    Collaboration agre  ements:     

 The Company has entered into a number of collaboration agreements with multiple deliverables under which it may have received non-refundable upfront payments. The Company generally recognizes revenue from upfront payments ratably over the term of its estimated period of performance of research under its collaboration agreements in the event that such arrangements represent a single unit of accounting.  
 The collaborations may also include contractual milestone payments, which relate to the achievement of prespecified research, development, regulatory and commercialization events. The milestone events coincide with the progression of product candidates from research and development, to regulatory approval and through to commercialization. The process of successfully discovering a new product candidate, having it selected by the collaborator for development and having it approved and ultimately sold for a profit is highly uncertain. As such, the milestone payments that the Company may earn from its collaborators involve a significant degree of risk to achieve. 
 The following table is a summary of the revenue recognized from the Company s collaborations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

9.   
 
 Commitments and contingencies:    

(a)   
 
 Priority access agreement with Medpace Inc. ( Medpace ):     

 In August 2015, the Company entered into a priority access agreement with Medpace for the provision of certain clinical development services. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company has committed to using Medpace non-exclusively for clinical development services over the five year term of the agreement.  In consideration for priority access to Medpace resources and preferred service rates, the Company has committed to $7,000 of services over the term of the agreement,  $3,000 of which was paid in the year ended December 31, 2015. Of the amounts paid by the Company in 2015 in connection with the priority access agreement, $2,013 has been recorded as expenses to date for services rendered, $508 has been recorded as current prepaid expenses (December 31, 2015   $1,010) and $479 as long-term prepaid expenses (December 31, 2015   $1,094) for the provision of future services as at September 30, 2016.    

(b)   
 
 Guarantees and indemnifications:     

 The Company has entered into license and research agreements with third parties that include indemnification provisions that are customary in the industry. These indemnification provisions generally require the Company to compensate the other party for certain damages and costs incurred as a result of third party claims or damages arising from these transactions. 
 The maximum amount of potential future indemnification is unlimited; however, the Company currently holds commercial and product liability insurance. This insurance limits the Company s exposure and may enable it to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. Historically, the Company has not made any indemnification payments under such agreements and the Company believes that the fair value of these indemnification obligations is minimal. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized any liabilities relating to these obligations for any period presented. 

-9- 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   
 This section should be read in conjunction with our unaudited interim financial statements and related notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this report and our audited financial statements and related notes thereto and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 8, 2016 and with the securities commissions in British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario on March 8, 2016. 
   
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements  contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Canadian securities laws. The words or phrases  would be,   will allow,   intends to,   may,   believe,   plan,   will likely result,   are expected to,   will continue,   is anticipated,   estimate,   project,  or similar expressions, or the negative of such words or phrases, are intended to identify  forward-looking statements.  You should read these statements carefully because they discuss future expectations, contain projections of future results of operations or financial condition, or state other  forward-looking  information. These statements relate to our future plans, objectives, expectations, intentions and financial performance and the assumptions that underlie these statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:  

our ability to identify additional products or product candidates using our Extreme Genetics discovery platform;     

the initiation, timing, cost, progress and success of our research and development programs, preclinical studies and clinical trials;     

our ability to advance product candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials;     

our ability to recruit sufficient numbers of patients for our future clinical trials for orphan or more common indications;     

our ability to achieve profitability;     

our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including research funding;     

our ability to receive milestones, royalties and sublicensing fees under our collaborations, and the timing of such payments;     

the implementation of our business model and strategic plans;     

our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates for orphan and niche indications independently;     

our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy;     

our ability to find families to support our Extreme Genetics discovery platform;     

our ability to discover genes and drug targets;     

our ability to protect our intellectual property and operate our business without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others;     

our expectations regarding federal, state and foreign regulatory requirements;     

the therapeutic benefits, effectiveness and safety of our product candidates;     

the accuracy of our estimates of the size and characteristics of the markets that may be addressed by our products and product candidates;     

the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of Glybera and future products, if any;     

the timing of, and our and our collaborators  ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our product candidates;     

our ability to maintain and establish collaborations;     

our expectations regarding market risk, including interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations;     

our belief in the sufficiency of our cash flows to meet our needs for at least the next 12 to 24 months;     

-10- 

our ability to engage and retain the employees required to grow our business;     

our future financial performance and projected expenditures;     

developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including the success of competing therapies that are or become available; and     

estimates of our expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing.     

 These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this report in Part I, Item 1A    Risk Factors,  and elsewhere in this report. Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. These statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as of their date, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements in light of future developments, except as required by law. In this report,  we,   our,   us,   Xenon,  and  the Company  refer to Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. Unless otherwise noted, all dollar amounts in this report are expressed in United States dollars. 
   
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company discovering and developing a pipeline of differentiated therapeutics for orphan indications that we intend to commercialize on our own, and for larger market indications that we intend to partner with global pharmaceutical companies. We have built a core enabling discovery platform for the discovery of validated drug targets by studying rare human diseases with extreme traits, including diseases caused by mutations in ion channels, known as channelopathies. We have an integrated platform that includes in-house capabilities for human genetics, small molecule drug discovery, as well as preclinical and clinical development. 
 Our pharmaceutical partners include Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, Ltd., or Teva (through its subsidiary, Ivax International GmbH), Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, and Merck   Co., Inc., or Merck (through its affiliate, Essex Chemie AG). Our pharmaceutical collaborations have generated in aggregate over $160.0 million in non-equity funding to date with the potential to provide us with over $1.0 billion in future milestone payments, as well as royalties and co-promotion income on product sales. 
 Our business was founded on our proprietary discovery platform, which we refer to as Extreme Genetics. Extreme Genetics involves the study of families where individuals exhibit inherited severe traits, or phenotypes. By identifying and characterizing single-gene defects responsible for these phenotypes, we gain insights into human disease biology to better select targets for therapeutic intervention. We believe that our Extreme Genetics discovery platform enhances the likelihood of discovering a drug target that has a major effect in humans. From these discoveries, we can gain an improved understanding of how a drug that modulates the target might act when given to a human. Our Extreme Genetics discovery platform has yielded the first approved gene therapy product in the European Union, or the EU, and we are advancing a broad proprietary development pipeline and multiple pharmaceutical partnerships: 

Glybera, developed by our licensee uniQure Biopharma B.V., or uniQure, for the treatment of the orphan disorder lipoprotein lipase deficiency, or LPLD, is the first gene therapy product approved in the EU. In November 2015, the first patient treated with Glybera as a commercially-available gene therapy was announced by uniQure and enabled by its commercialization partner in the EU, Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A., or Chiesi, which has sole control over commercialization in the EU;     

TV-45070 (formerly XEN402) is a product candidate being developed in collaboration with Teva for the treatment of pain. Teva is currently conducting a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 2b clinical trial in patients with post-  herpetic   neuralgia, or PHN, with topline results expected in the first half of 2017. TV-45070 is a topically applied small-molecule inhibitor of the sodium channel Nav1.7 and other sodium channels, including those that are expressed in the pain-sensing peripheral nervous system  ;      

GDC-0276   and GDC-0310 are both oral, selective Nav1.7 small-molecule inhibitors being developed in collaboration with Genentech for the potential treatment of pain. Genentech intends to initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial in the first half of 2017. Xenon and Genentech also have an active research collaboration focused on other orally selective small molecule inhibitors of Nav1.7;     

-11- 

XEN801, a topical stearoyl Co-A desaturase-1, or SCD1, inhibitor, is being developed for th  e treatment of acne. SCD1 is an enzyme involved in lipid synthesis that is expressed in sebaceous glands in the skin. Enrollment is now complete in the XEN801   Phase 2 clinical trial, which was initiated in February 2016   in patients with moderate to severe   facial acne. We anticipate topline results in the first quarter of 2017; and      

additional proprietary preclinical programs continue to advance, including   a Nav1.6 sodium channel inhibitor for the treatment of rare and severe forms of childhood epilepsy disorders. We expect to identify a development candidate in 2016 and file an investigational new drug, or IND, application for our Nav1.6 inhibitor in mid-2017.     

We have funded our operations through the sale of equity securities, funding received from our licensees and collaborators and, to a lesser extent, government funding. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized revenues, consisting primarily of funding from our collaborators of approximately $1.4 million. This compares to $12.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
 Though our revenue from our collaboration and license agreements resulted in net income of $13.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and $12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2013, we do not expect to have sustained profitability for the foreseeable future. We had a net loss of  $17.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  and an accumulated deficit of  $136.7  million as of  September  30, 2016, from expenses incurred in connection with our research programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. 
 Other than royalties we are eligible to receive from sales of Glybera under our license to uniQure, which we do not expect to be significant in the near-term, we have not generated any royalty revenue from product sales, and do not otherwise anticipate generating revenue from product sales for the foreseeable future, if ever. We expect that our revenue in the near term will be substantially dependent on our collaboration agreements. Given the uncertain nature of clinical development of our current and future product candidates and the commercialization of current and future products, we cannot predict when or whether we will receive further milestone payments under our current or future collaboration agreements or whether we will be able to report either revenue or net income in future years. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for at least the next 12 to 24 months. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we: 

continue   our research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates;     

seek regulatory and marketing approvals for any of our product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials;     

make milestone and other payments under our in-license agreements;     

maintain, protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio;     

attract, hire and retain skilled personnel; and     

create additional infrastructure   to support our operations as a public company and otherwise.     

 Recent Developments 
 On September 13, 2016, we completed an underwritten public offering of 3,450,000 of our common shares at a public offering price of $7.50 per common share. We received approximately $24.3 million of proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions but before offering expenses. The public offering also included the sale of 1,150,000 common shares at a public offering price of $7.50 per common share by certain of our existing securityholders, resulting in approximately $8.1 million of proceeds to the selling securityholders, net of underwriting discounts and commissions but before offering expenses.  
   
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Revenue 
 To date, our revenue has been primarily derived from collaboration and licensing agreements as well as, to a lesser extent, government funding. In addition, we have received nominal royalties from sales of Glybera under our license to uniQure as well as a diagnostic license. Other than royalties we are eligible to receive from sales of Glybera, which we do not expect to be significant in the near-term, we have not generated any royalty revenue from product sales, and do not otherwise anticipate generating revenue from product sales for the foreseeable future, if ever. 
   
 -12- 

The following table is a summary of revenue recognized from our current collaboration agreements for the three and nine months ended   September   30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands):  

Pursuant to the terms of our collaborative development and license agreement with Teva, we received an upfront payment of $41.0 million. We determined that the various deliverables under this agreement should be considered as a single unit of accounting. As such, the $41.0 million upfront payment was recognized as revenue ratably over the expected period of research performance which was the three-year period from December 2012 through December 2015. 
 Pursuant to the terms of our March 2014 agreement with Genentech, we received an upfront payment of $1.5 million. We determined that the various deliverables under this agreement should be considered as a single unit of accounting. As such, the $1.5 million upfront payment was recognized as revenue ratably over the expected period of research performance, which was the two-year period from March 2014 to March 2016. In September 2015, we recognized a $0.25 million milestone payment for the identification of a novel pain target under this agreement.  
 As our other internal and partnered products are in various stages of clinical and preclinical development, we do not expect to generate any revenue from product sales other than from our share of revenue related to our agreement with uniQure, which we do not expect to be significant in the near-term, for at least the next several years. We expect that revenue for the next several years will be derived from our agreement with uniQure and our eligibility to receive a share of the compensation received by uniQure relating to the technology or products licensed by us to uniQure; full-time equivalents, or FTE, funding from current and future collaboration agreements; milestone payments under our current collaboration agreements and any additional collaboration agreements that we may enter into in the future. We cannot provide any assurance as to the extent or timing of future milestone payments or royalty payments or that we will receive any future payments at all. 
 We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate quarter to quarter as a function of the timing and amount of milestones and other payments from our existing collaborations and any future collaborations. 
 The following table is a summary of our deferred revenue for our collaboration and licensing agreements as of  September  30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

As of  September  30, 2016, we have recognized all deferred revenues from upfront payments received under our existing collaboration and licensing agreements. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The following table summarizes our operating expenses for the three and nine months ended  September  30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

-13- 

Research and Development Expenses  
 Research and development expenses represent costs incurred to further research and development of our proprietary product candidates, as well as to conduct research on our product candidates in collaboration with Teva and Genentech. 
 Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred in performing research and development activities, including salary, related benefits and stock-based compensation for employees engaged in scientific research and development, third-party contract costs relating to research, formulation, manufacturing, preclinical studies and clinical trial activities, third-party license and collaboration fees, laboratory consumables and allocated facility-related costs. 
 Project-specific expenses reflect costs directly attributable to our clinical development candidates and our preclinical candidates once nominated and selected for further development. All remaining research and development expenses are reflected in early-stage discovery programs. At any given time, we have several active early-stage research and drug discovery programs. Our personnel and infrastructure are typically deployed over multiple projects and are not directly linked to any individual internal early-stage research or drug discovery program. Therefore, we do not maintain financial information for our internal early-stage research and internal drug discovery programs on a project-specific basis. 
 We expense all research and development costs as incurred. We expect that our research and development expenses will increase in the future as we advance our proprietary product candidates through clinical development, advance our internal drug discovery programs into preclinical development and continue our early-stage research. The increase in expense will likely include added personnel and third-party contracts related to research, formulation, manufacturing, preclinical studies and clinical trial activities as well as third-party license and collaboration fees and laboratory consumables. 
 Clinical development timelines, likelihood of regulatory approval and commercialization and associated costs are uncertain and difficult to estimate and can vary significantly. We anticipate determining which research and development projects to pursue as well as the level of funding available for each project based on the scientific research and preclinical and clinical results of each product candidate and related regulatory action. We expect our research and development expenses to continue to represent our largest category of operating expense for at least the next 12 to 24 months. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salary, related benefits and stock-based compensation of our executive, finance, legal, business development and administrative functions, travel expenses, allocated facility-related costs not otherwise included in research and development expenses, director compensation, director s and officer s insurance premiums, investor relations costs and professional fees for auditing, tax and legal services, including legal expenses for intellectual property protection. General and administrative expenses also include fair value adjustments of certain liability classified stock option awards.  
 We expect that general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as we expand our operating activities to support increased research and development activities, and the potential build of commercial infrastructure for our option for co-promotion of TV-45070 in the U.S., if and when regulatory approval is received.  
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest Income.  Interest income consists of income earned on our cash and investment balances. Our interest income has not been significant due to the levels of cash and investment balances and low interest earned on such balances. We anticipate that our interest income will continue to fluctuate depending on timing of payments from collaborative partners, our cash and investment balances, and interest rates.  
 Foreign Exchange Gain (Loss).  Net foreign exchange gains and losses consisted of gains and losses from the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on our monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar (principally the Canadian dollar). See  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   Foreign Currency Exchange Risk  below for additional information.  
   
 -14- 

C  ritical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates  
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S., or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the revenue and expenses incurred during the reported periods. We base estimates on our historical experience, known trends and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Critical accounting policies and significant judgments and estimates are those that we consider the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations because they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our critical accounting policies and significant estimates include those related to: 

revenue recognition;     

research and development costs; and     

stock-based compensation.     

 There have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies and significant judgements and estimates during the nine months ended  September  30, 2016, as compared to those disclosed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates  included in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on March 8, 2016. We believe that the accounting policies discussed in the Annual Report are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
 The following table summarizes the results of our operations for the three and nine months ended  September  30, 2016 and 2015 together with changes in those items (in thousands): 

Revenue 
 Revenue decreased by $3.9 million and $11.0 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. In 2015, we recognized revenues relating to the upfront payment from the collaborative agreement with Teva which was fully recognized by December 2015 as well as revenue related to the upfront payment from the March 2014 collaborative agreement with Genentech which was fully recognized by March 2016. The remaining decrease as compared to the same periods in 2015 was due to less FTE funding from Genentech as we shifted resources from supporting our collaborations to our proprietary programs. 

-15- 

Research and Development Expenses  
 The following table summarizes research and development expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 together with changes in those items (in thousands): 

Research and development expenses increased by $2.2 million and $4.5 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  These increases were primarily attributable to increased spending on our preclinical and discovery programs, mostly related to our Nav1.6 sodium channel inhibitor program, as well as additional expenses for our XEN801 program which entered Phase 2 clinical development in February 2016. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in Genentech collaboration expenses.   
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 The following table summarizes general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 together with changes in those items (in thousands): 

General and administrative expenses increased by $0.5 million and decreased by $2.9 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized a $1.7 million expense due to the fair value adjustment upon the reclassification of stock option awards granted to directors and certain consultants to liability classification. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized a recovery of $1.0 million due to the decrease in fair value of our liability classified stock options resulting from the decline in our common share price from the preceding quarter.  
   
 The remaining change is due to one-time severance costs resulting from an internal reorganization and acceleration of stock based compensation expense for certain consultants that occurred in 2015. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 The following table summarizes our other income (expense) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 together with changes in those items (in thousands): 

Other income (expense) changed by   $2.6   million and $  7.4   million   in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively  .  The change in other income (expense) was primarily driven by the change in foreign exchange gain (loss) arising largely from the translation of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities denominated in Canadian dollars to U.S. dollars. We recorded foreign exchange losses of $  0.5   million and $3.1 million due to a   2  % and 6% decrease in the value of the Canadian dollar during the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a foreign exchange gain of $  2.0   million as compared to a $5.5 million foreign exchange loss for the same period in 2015, largely due to a   6  % increase as compared to a 13% decrease in the value of the Canadian dollar during the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
   
 -16- 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through funding received from collaboration and license agreements, private placements of our common and preferred shares and public offerings of our common shares as well as through the receipt of government funding. As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of $69.5 million. In September 2016, we completed an underwritten public offering of 3,450,000 of our common shares at a public offering price of $7.50 per common share. We received approximately $24.3 million of proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions but before offering expenses. 
 We have incurred significant operating losses since inception. We had a $17.0 million net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and an accumulated deficit of $136.7 million from inception through September 30, 2016. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses in excess of our revenue and expect to incur operating losses over the next several years. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future as we continue our research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates; expand the scope of our current studies for our product candidates; initiate additional preclinical, clinical or other studies for our product candidates, including under our collaboration agreements; change or add additional manufacturers or suppliers; seek regulatory and marketing approvals for any of our product candidates that successfully complete clinical studies; seek to identify and validate additional product candidates; acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; make milestone or other payments under our in-license agreements including, without limitation, our agreements with the University of British Columbia, or UBC, and the Memorial University of Newfoundland, or MUN; maintain, protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio; attract and retain skilled personnel; establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we or one of our collaborators may obtain marketing approval, and maintain commercial rights; create additional infrastructure to support our operations as a public company and our product development and planned future commercialization efforts; and experience any delays or encounter issues with any of the above. 
 Until such time as we can generate substantial product revenue, if ever, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of collaboration agreements and equity or debt financings. Except for any obligations of our collaborators to reimburse us for research and development expenses or to make milestone payments under our agreements with them, we do not have any committed external sources of capital. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the future sale of equity or debt, the ownership interest of our shareholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our existing common shareholders. If we raise additional funds through collaboration agreements in the future, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 
 Our future capital requirements are difficult to forecast and will depend on many factors, including: 

the number and characteristics of the future product candidates we pursue;     

the scope, progress, results and costs of independently researching and developing any of our future product candidates, including conducting preclinical research and clinical trials;     

whether our existing collaborations continue to generate substantial milestone payments and, ultimately, royalties on future approved products for us;     

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for any future product candidates we develop independently;     

the cost of future commercialization activities, including activities required pursuant to our option to co-promote TV-45070, if exercised by us, and the cost of commercializing any future products we develop independently that are approved for sale;     

the cost of manufacturing our future product candidates and products, if any;     

our ability to maintain existing collaborations and to establish new collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements;     

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patents, including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation; and     

the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, Glybera, and our future products, if any.     

-17- 

Based on our research and development plans and our timing expectations related to the progress of our programs, we expect that our existing cash and   cash equivalents and marketable securities as of the date of this report and research funding that we expect to receive under our existing collaborations, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least the n  ext 12 to 24 months. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital resources sooner than we expect. Additionally, the process of testing drug candidates in clinical trials is costly, and the timing of p  rogress in these trials remains uncertain.  
 Cash Flows 
 The following table shows a summary of our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

Operating Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in operating activities totaled $14.9 million, compared to $12.9 million for the same period in 2015. The change was primarily related to a $4.5 million increase in research and development expenses and a $1.6 million decrease in FTE funding from Genentech, partially offset by a $1.7 million prepayment in August 2015 to Medpace, Inc. for future clinical development services and working capital changes for the first nine months of 2016.   
 Investing Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash used in investing activities totaled $15.6 million, compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $10.3 million for the same period in 2015. The change was driven primarily by the purchase of marketable securities in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the redemption of marketable securities for the same period in 2015. 
 Financing Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities totaled $23.9 million, compared to $0.2 million for the same period in 2015.  The change was primarily related to $23.8 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common shares in an underwritten public offering completed in September 2016.  
   Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
   Our future significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2015 were reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2016. 
 As of September 30, 2016, there have been no material changes from the contractual commitments previously disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10-K.    
 Inflation 
 We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations in the last three fiscal years. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities. We do not have any interest in entities referred to as variable interest entities, which include special purposes entities and other structured finance entities. 
 Outstanding Share Data  
 As of October 28, 2016, we had 17,893,304 common shares issued and outstanding and outstanding options to purchase an additional 1,958,327 common shares. 
   
 -18- 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued amendments to clarify the principles of recognizing revenue and to develop a common revenue standard that would remove inconsistencies in revenue requirements, leading to improved comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities and industries. The amendments stipulate that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Additional disclosure will also be required about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In August 2015, the FASB issued an update deferring the effective date of the new revenue standard by one year. The new guidance will be effective for public entities for fiscal years and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 instead of the originally contemplated effective date of December 15, 2016.  
 In March, April and May 2016, the FASB issued amendments to the new revenue standard to clarify the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations and identifying performance obligations and licensing as well as to address certain narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients at transition with the same effective date as the new revenue standard. We are currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on our financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued amendments to lease accounting requiring the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous U.S. GAAP. The new guidance retains a distinction between finance leases and operating leases, with cash payments from operating leases classified within operating activities in the statement of cash flows. These amendments will be effective for public entities for fiscal years and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the new guidance to determine the impact it will have on our financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued amendments to stock-based compensation accounting to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification of the statement of cash flows. The amendments stipulate (a) all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies should be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the statement of operations and the tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur, (b) excess tax benefits should be classified along with other tax cash flows as an operating activity, (c) an entity can make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur, (d) the threshold to qualify for equity classification permits withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rates in the applicable jurisdictions, and (e) cash paid by an employee when directly withholding shares for tax withholding purposes should be classified as financing activity. These amendments will be effective for public entities for fiscal years and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. We have early adopted all of the provisions of this update effective January 1, 2016. We have elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur and the impact of that change in accounting policy as well as the impact of the remaining provisions did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 
     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to various market risks in the ordinary course of our business, including changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates and exchange rates. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 The principal market risk we face is foreign currency exchange rate risk. We face this risk, in part, as a result of entering into transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, particularly those denominated in Canadian dollars. We also hold non-U.S. dollar denominated cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, accounts receivable and accounts payable, which are denominated in Canadian dollars. 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can create significant foreign exchange gains or losses to us. Our current foreign currency risk is with the Canadian dollar, as a majority of our non-U.S. dollar denominated expenses are denominated in Canadian dollars and the majority of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities are held in Canadian dollars. To limit our exposure to volatility in currency markets, we estimate our anticipated expenses that will be denominated in Canadian and U.S. dollars and then purchase a corresponding amount of Canadian or U.S. dollars at the current spot rate. Once these estimated expense amounts are acquired, we do not hedge our exposure and thus assume the risk of future gains or losses on the amounts of Canadian dollars held. At September 30, 2016, we held cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of $32.0 million denominated in Canadian dollars. A hypothetical 10% increase (decrease) in the value of the Canadian dollar would result in a foreign exchange gain (loss) of $3.2 million being recorded in the Statement of Operations on the translation of these Canadian dollar cash and cash equivalent balances into the U.S. dollar functional currency. 
   
 -19- 

Interest Rate Risk  
 An additional market risk we face is interest rate risk. We had cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of $69.5 million as of September 30, 2016. The goals of our investment policy are liquidity and capital preservation; we do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate exposure. We believe that we do not have any material exposure to changes in the fair value of these assets as a result of changes in interest rates due to the short term nature of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. Declines in interest rates, however, would reduce future investment income. A 10% change in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a material impact on our financial statements. Such interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. We had no outstanding debt as of September 30, 2016. 
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in design and operation.  
 (b) Changes in internal control over financial reporting .  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the period ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent limitation on the effectiveness of internal control. 
 The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business, but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 

-20- 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  
   
   Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
   
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows if determined adversely to us. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
   
     Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the following risk factors, in addition to the other information contained in this report, including the section of this report captioned  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and our financial statements and related notes. If any of the events described in the following risk factors and the risks described elsewhere in this report occurs, our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. This report on Form 10-Q also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of factors that are described below and elsewhere in this report. 
   
 Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. 
 We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company and, other than the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we have recorded net losses in each annual reporting period since inception in 1996, and we do not expect to have sustained profitability for the foreseeable future. We had net losses of  $17.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  and an accumulated deficit of  $136.7  million as of September 30, 2016, which were driven by expenses incurred in connection with our research programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. 
 We have devoted most of our financial resources to research and development, including our clinical and preclinical development activities. To date, we have financed our operations through the sale of equity securities, funding received from our licensees and collaborators and, to a lesser extent, government funding. Other than royalties we are eligible to receive from sales of Glybera under our license to uniQure Biopharma B.V., or uniQure, which we do not expect to be significant in the near-term, we have not generated any royalty revenue from product sales and our product candidates will require substantial additional investment before they will provide us with any product royalty revenue. 
 We expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future as we: 

continue our research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates;     

expand the scope of our clinical studies for our current and prospective product candidates;     

initiate additional preclinical, clinical or other studies for our product candidates, including under our collaboration agreements;     

change or add additional manufacturers or suppliers;     

seek regulatory and marketing approvals for any of our product candidates that successfully complete clinical studies;     

seek to identify and validate additional product candidates;     

acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies;     

make milestone or other payments under our in-license agreements including, without limitation, our agreements with the University of British Columbia, or UBC, and the Memorial University of Newfoundland;     

maintain, protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio;     

establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we or one of our collaborators may obtain marketing approval, and for which we have maintained commercial rights;     

create additional infrastructure to support our operations as a public company and our product development and planned future commercialization efforts; and     

experience any delays or encounter issues with any of the above.     

-21- 

Our expenses could increase beyond expectations for a variety of reasons, including if we are required by the   U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or other regulatory agencies, domestic or foreign, to perform clinical and other studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate. Our prior losses, combined with e  xpected future losses, have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our shareholders  equity.  
 Other than royalties we are eligible to receive from sales of Glybera, we have not generated any royalty revenue from product sales and may never become profitable on a U.S. GAAP basis. 
 Our ability to generate meaningful revenue and achieve profitability on a U.S. GAAP basis depends on our ability, alone or with strategic collaborators, to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize, our product candidates. Substantially all of our revenue since inception has consisted of upfront and milestone payments associated with our collaboration and license agreements. Revenue from these agreements is dependent on successful development of our product candidates by us or our collaborators. Other than royalties we are eligible to receive from sales of Glybera under our license to uniQure, we have not generated any royalty revenue from product sales, and do not otherwise anticipate generating revenue from product sales for the foreseeable future, if ever. Commercial sales of Glybera commenced in November 2015, but we do not expect to receive significant revenue in the near-term from these sales. If any of our product candidates fail in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or if Glybera or any of our future products, if any, once approved, fail to achieve market acceptance or adequate market share, we may never become profitable. Although we were profitable for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our ability to generate future revenue from product sales depends heavily on our success, and the success of our collaborators, in: 

completing research, preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates;     

seeking and obtaining regulatory and marketing approvals for product candidates for which we complete clinical studies;     

commercializing products for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either with a collaborator or, if launched independently, by establishing sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure;     

negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter;     

obtaining market acceptance of products for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval as therapies;     

addressing any competing technological and market developments;     

establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide adequate (in amount and quality) products and services to support clinical development and the market demand for any approved products in the future;     

developing sustainable, scalable, reproducible, and transferable manufacturing processes for any of our products approved in the future;     

maintaining, protecting, expanding and enforcing our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how;     

implementing additional internal systems and infrastructure, as needed; and     

attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel.     

 The scope of our future revenue will also depend upon the size of any markets in which our product candidates receive approval and the availability of insurance coverage and the availability and amount of reimbursement from third-party payers for Glybera and future products, if any. If we are unable to achieve sufficient revenue to become profitable and remain so, our financial condition and operating results will be negatively impacted, and our trading price might be harmed. 
 We will likely need to raise additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations. 
 Since our inception, we have dedicated most of our resources to the discovery and development of our proprietary preclinical and clinical product candidates, and we expect to continue to expend substantial resources doing so for the foreseeable future. These expenditures will include costs associated with research and development, manufacturing of product candidates and products approved for sale, conducting preclinical experiments and clinical trials and obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals, as well as commercializing any products later approved for sale. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred approximately $15.4 million of costs associated with research and development, exclusive of costs incurred by our collaborators in developing our product candidates. 
   
 -22- 

Our current cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities are not expected to be sufficient to complete clinical development of any of our product candidates and prepare for   commercializing any product candidate which receives regulatory approval. Accordingly, we will likely require substantial additional capital to continue our clinical development and potential commercialization activities. Our future capital requirements de  pend on many factors, including but not limited to:  

the number and characteristics of the future product candidates we pursue;     

the scope, progress, results and costs of independently researching and developing any of our future product candidates, including conducting preclinical research and clinical trials;     

whether our existing collaborations continue to generate substantial milestone payments and, ultimately, royalties on future approved products for us;     

the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for any future product candidates we develop independently;     

the cost of future commercialization activities, including activities required pursuant to our option to co-promote TV-45070, if exercised by us, and the cost of commercializing any future products we develop independently that are approved for sale;     

the cost of manufacturing our future product candidates and products, if any;     

our ability to maintain existing collaborations and to establish new collaborations, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such agreements;     

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patents, including litigation costs and the outcome of such litigation; and     

the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, Glybera, and our future products, if any.     

 We are unable to estimate the funds we will actually require to complete research and development of our product candidates or the funds required to commercialize any resulting product in the future. 
 Based on our research and development plans and our timing expectations related to the progress of our programs, we expect that our existing cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities as of the date of this report and research funding that we expect to receive under our existing collaborations, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 to 24 months. 
 Our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings, government or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements or a combination of these approaches. Raising funds in the future may present additional challenges and future financing may not be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
 Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 The terms of any financing arrangements we enter into may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our shareholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our common shares to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible securities would dilute all of our shareholders. For example, in September 2016, we sold 3,450,000 of our common shares at a price to the public of $7.50 per common share pursuant to our existing shelf registration statement on Form S-3 and corresponding Canadian base shelf prospectus. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and, potentially, the imposition of restrictive covenants. Those covenants may include limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborators or otherwise at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable resulting in the loss of rights to some of our product candidates or other unfavorable terms, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. In addition, any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 
   
 -23- 

Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse   consequences on our business and financial condition.  
 Global credit and financial markets experienced extreme disruptions at various points over the last decade, characterized by diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, and uncertainty about economic stability. If another such disruption in credit and financial markets and deterioration of confidence in economic conditions occurs, our business may be adversely affected. If the equity and credit markets were to deteriorate significantly in the future, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and common share price and could require us to delay or abandon development or commercialization plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current collaborators, service providers, manufacturers and other partners would not survive or be able to meet their commitments to us under such circumstances, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 We are subject to risks associated with currency fluctuations which could impact our results of operations.  
 As of September 30, 2016, approximately 46% of our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities was denominated in Canadian dollars. Historically, the majority of our operating expenses have been denominated in Canadian dollars and the majority of our revenue has been denominated in U.S. dollars and we expect this trend to continue. 
 Prior to December 31, 2014, our functional currency was the Canadian dollar. On January 1, 2015, our functional currency changed from the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar based on our analysis of the changes in the primary economic environment in which we operate. As a result, changes in the exchange rate between the Canadian dollar and the U.S. dollar could materially impact our reported results of operations and distort period to period comparisons. In particular, to the extent that foreign currency-denominated (i.e., non-U.S. dollar) monetary assets do not equal the amount of our foreign currency denominated monetary liabilities, foreign currency gains or losses could arise and materially impact our financial statements. As a result of such foreign currency fluctuations, it could be more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations. In addition, to the extent that fluctuations in currency exchange rates cause our results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors, the trading price of our common shares could be adversely affected. 
 From time to time, we may engage in exchange rate hedging activities in an effort to mitigate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations. For example, we maintain a natural currency hedge against fluctuations in the U.S./Canadian foreign exchange rate by matching the amount of U.S. dollar and Canadian dollar investments to the expected amount of future U.S. dollar and Canadian dollar obligations, respectively. Any hedging technique we implement may fail to be effective. If our hedging activities are not effective, changes in currency exchange rates may have a more significant impact on the trading price of our common shares. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We, or our collaborators, may fail to successfully develop our product candidates. 
 Our product candidates, including TV-45070, GDC-0276, GDC-0310 and XEN801, and compounds in our preclinical and discovery pipeline, are in varying stages of development and will require substantial clinical development, testing and regulatory approval prior to commercialization. It may be several more years before these product candidates or any of our other product candidates receive marketing approval, if ever. If any of our product candidates fail to become approved products, our business, growth prospects, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected and a decline of our common share price could result. For example, in July 2015, we and our partner Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., or Teva, announced topline results from a Phase 2b study designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of topically applied TV-45070 in patients with chronic pain due to osteoarthritis, or OA, of the knee. Results from this trial showed that TV-45070 did not demonstrate statistically significant difference from placebo in efficacy endpoints of reductions in pain due to OA and neither we nor Teva have plans for further development of TV-45070 in OA, although clinical development of TV-45070 in post-herpetic neuralgia, or PHN, continues.  
 We and our collaborators face substantial competition in the markets for our product candidates, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before us or doing so more successfully than we or our collaborators do. 
 The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. We face potential competition in target discovery and product development from many different approaches and sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions and governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Any product candidates that we or our collaborators successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing products and any new products that may become available in the future. 
   
 -24- 

The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our product candidates, if approved, a  re likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience and price; the effectiveness and safety of alternative products; the level of generic competition; and the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from government and other third-party payers.  
 With respect to target discovery activities, competitors and other third parties, including academic and clinical researchers, may access rare families and identify novel targets for drug development before we do. 
 Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we, or our collaborators, do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaboration arrangements with large and established companies. 
 Our commercial opportunities could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products or therapies that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA, EMA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected by decisions made by insurers or other third party payers. 
 To the extent that we are unable to compete effectively against one or more of our competitors in these areas, our business will not grow and our financial condition, results of operations and common share price may suffer. 
 There are no approved gene therapies currently on the market for lipoprotein lipase deficiency, or LPLD, in the U.S. The current management of LPLD consists of strict adherence to an extremely low-fat diet, but compliance with such a diet is challenging. Lipid-lowering drugs are generally not effective for treating LPLD. We are not aware of any other drugs or therapies currently in development that treat LPLD by using the lipoprotein lipase, or LPL, sequence containing the LPL S447X  genetic variant or otherwise. 
 Drug discovery and development for various pain applications is intensely competitive. There are a large number of approved products for neuropathic pain, inflammatory pain and other pain indications. These approved products include capsaicin, celecoxib, lidocaine, narcotic analgesics and pregabalin. We are also aware of development programs at several pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that are developing Nav1.7 inhibitors or other sodium channel inhibitors for the treatment of pain, including Amgen Inc., Biogen Inc., Dainippon Sumitomo Co., Ltd., Eli Lilly and Company, Merck   Co., Inc., or Merck, NeuroQuest Inc., Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc.,Voyager Therapeutics, Inc. and Chromocell Corporation in collaboration with its partner Astellas Pharma Inc.  Moreover, we are aware of various other product candidates in development that target other mechanisms of action to treat various pain indications, including calcium channel inhibitors, nerve growth factor inhibitors and P2X purinoceptor 3 inhibitors. 
 If XEN801 were approved for the treatment of acne, we anticipate it would compete with other approved prescription acne products including topical retinoids, oral hormonal therapies, topical and oral antimicrobials, and oral isotretinoin. In addition to approved prescription therapies, there are a wide range of over-the-counter, or OTC, treatments targeted at treating acne. Additionally, there are a number of prescription products that are used  off-label  for the treatment of acne. We are also aware of several products in clinical development that could potentially compete with XEN801, including products in development from Allergan PLC, AOBiome LLC, Braintree Laboratories Inc., Cassiopea SpA, Dermira Inc., Foamix Pharmaceuticals Ltd., Galderma SA, Mimetica Pty Ltd, Novan Therapeutics, Phosphagenics Ltd, Thesan Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Valeant Pharmaceuticals, and XBiotech Inc. 
 The novelty of gene therapy products and their lack of a commercial track record may hinder market acceptance of Glybera among physicians, patients, healthcare payers and the medical community. 
 Glybera is the first gene therapy product approved in the EU, and to date only one other gene therapy product has been approved in the EU, and no gene therapy product has been approved in the U.S. Because Glybera is the first gene therapy to be marketed in the EU, gaining market acceptance and overcoming any safety or efficacy concerns may be more challenging than for a more traditional therapy. Glybera s commercial success will depend, in part, on the success of efforts to educate the market regarding gene therapy products. In particular, the success of Glybera will depend upon physicians who treat patients with LPLD, prescribing Glybera. With respect to Glybera and any other gene therapy products we or a collaborator may develop, public perception may be influenced by claims that gene therapy is unsafe, and, if so, gene therapy may not gain the acceptance of the public or the medical community.  
   
 -25- 

We have no marketed products and have n  ot yet advanced a product candidate beyond Phase 2 clinical trials, which makes it difficult to assess our ability to develop our future product candidates and commercialize any resulting products independently.  
 We have no experience in Phase 3 and later stage clinical development, and related regulatory requirements or the commercialization of products. uniQure controls and has been responsible for the development and commercialization of Glybera; Teva is responsible for the on-going clinical development of TV-45070; and  Genentech, a member of the Roche Group , is responsible for the on-going clinical development of GDC-0276 and GDC-0310. Accordingly, we have not yet demonstrated our ability to independently and repeatedly conduct clinical development after Phase 2, obtain regulatory approval and commercialize therapeutic products. We will need to develop such abilities if we are to execute on our business strategy to selectively develop and independently commercialize product candidates for orphan and niche indications. To execute on our business plan for the development of independent programs, we will need to successfully: 

execute our clinical development plans for later-stage product candidates;     

obtain required regulatory approvals in each jurisdiction in which we will seek to commercialize products;     

build and maintain appropriate sales, distribution and marketing capabilities;     

gain market acceptance for our future products, if any; and     

manage our spending as costs and expenses increase due to clinical trials, regulatory approvals and commercialization activities.     

 If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing these objectives, we would not be able to develop and commercialize any future orphan and niche disease product candidates independently, and could fail to realize the potential advantages of doing so. 
 If we are not successful in leveraging our Extreme Genetics discovery platform to discover product candidates in addition to TV-45070, GDC-0276, GDC-0310 and XEN801, our ability to expand our business and achieve our strategic objectives may be impaired. 
 We rely on our Extreme Genetics discovery platform to identify validated drug targets and develop new product candidates. To date, our Extreme Genetics discovery platform has yielded one approved product, Glybera, and four clinical development candidates TV-45070, GDC-0276, GDC-0310 and XEN801. Use of our discovery platform requires substantial technical, financial and human resources, regardless of whether we identify any novel drug targets. Our Extreme Genetics discovery platform may initially show promise in identifying additional potential product candidates, yet fail to yield viable product candidates for clinical development or commercialization. Such failure may occur for many reasons, including the following: any product candidate may, on further study, be shown to have serious or unexpected side effects or other characteristics that indicate it is unlikely to be safe or otherwise does not meet applicable regulatory criteria; and any product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all. 
 If we are unable to identify additional product candidates suitable for clinical development and commercialization, we may not be able to obtain product revenue in future periods, which likely would result in significant harm to our financial position and adversely impact our trading price. 
 Our approach to drug discovery is unproven, and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any products of commercial value. 
 Our Extreme Genetics discovery platform may not reproducibly or cost-effectively result in the discovery of product candidates and development of commercially viable products that safely and effectively treat human disease. 
 There are various challenges in utilizing our Extreme Genetics discovery platform to successfully identify novel drug targets, including locating families suffering from rare disorders and severe phenotypes, entering into agreements with foreign collaborators, complying with various domestic and foreign privacy laws, accessing required technologies in a timely manner and transporting DNA across national borders. 
 To date, only Glybera has been both developed using our Extreme Genetics discovery platform and approved for commercial sale. If the use of our Extreme Genetics discovery platform fails to identify novel targets for drug discovery, or such targets prove to be unsuitable for treating human disease, or we are unable to develop product candidates with specificity and selectivity for such targets, we will fail to develop viable products. If we fail to develop and commercialize viable products, we will not achieve commercial success. 
   
 -26- 

We may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, including headcount, and expanding our oper  ations successfully.  
 Our business strategy involves continued development and, where development is successful, commercialization of select successfully developed product candidates for orphan and niche indications independently. In order to execute on this strategy, we will need to build out a regulatory, sales, manufacturing, distribution and marketing infrastructure and expand our development capabilities or contract with third parties to provide these capabilities and infrastructure for us. To achieve this, we will need to identify, hire and integrate personnel who have not worked together as a group previously. We anticipate that we may need to hire additional accounting, legal and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting and other knowledge to address the added burdens of operating as a public company. There are likely to be additional infrastructure costs associated with public company compliance as well. 
 As our operations expand, we expect that we will need to manage additional relationships with various strategic collaborators, suppliers and other third parties. 
 Drs. Simon Pimstone and Y. Paul Goldberg each devote a small amount of their time to clinical work outside of their duties at our company, conducting, generally, two to three outpatient clinics per month. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, and our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
 If we are unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to generate and grow revenue could be reduced, and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize product candidates and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 
 If we fail to attract and retain senior management and key personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop our product candidates, perform our obligations under our collaboration agreements, conduct our clinical trials and commercialize our product candidates. 
 Our success depends in part on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management, clinical and scientific personnel. 
 We could experience difficulties attracting and retaining qualified employees as competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical field is intense. We are highly dependent upon our senior management, particularly Dr. Pimstone, our Chief Executive Officer and President; Mr. Ian Mortimer, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer; and Dr. Goldberg, our Vice President, Clinical Development, as well as other employees. In the near future, the loss of services of any of these individuals or one or more of our other members of senior management could materially delay or even prevent the successful development of our product candidates. 
 In addition, we will need to hire additional personnel as we expand our clinical development activities and develop commercial capabilities, including a sales infrastructure to support our independent commercialization efforts. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for individuals with similar skill sets. The inability to recruit or loss of the services of any executive or key employee may impede the progress of our research, development and commercialization objectives. 
 Our employees, collaborators and other personnel may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. 
 We are exposed to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, collaborators, vendors, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional failures to comply with the regulations of the FDA, EMA and other non-U.S. regulators, provide accurate information to the FDA, EMA and other non-U.S. regulators, comply with data privacy and security and healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. Additionally, laws regarding data privacy and security, including the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, as well as comparable laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions, may impose obligations with respect to safeguarding the privacy, use, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information such as genetic material or information we obtain through our direct-to-patient web-based recruitment approach for identifying patients with rare or extreme phenotypes. 
   
 -27- 

Various laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit   a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Any misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical studies, whi  ch could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a code of conduct applicable to all of our employees, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to   detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If   any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions.  
 Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures.  
 Computer system, network or telecommunications failures due to events such as damage from malware, unauthorized access, terrorism, war, or natural disasters could interrupt our internal or partner operations. For example, the loss of preclinical trial data or data from completed or ongoing clinical trials for our product candidates could result in delays in our regulatory filings and development efforts and significantly increase our costs. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to our data, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the development of our product candidates could be delayed. While we have implemented security measures and, to date, have not detected a cyber security breach nor experienced a material system failure, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors and consultants remain potentially vulnerable to damage from these events. 
 A variety of risks associated with international operations could materially adversely affect our business. 
 Glybera has been approved for commercial sale in the EU by the EMA, subject to uniQure s compliance with certain post-approval reporting and monitoring obligations. Our collaborator for TV-45070, Teva, is based in Israel and a significant portion of the research and development activities under our collaboration with Teva are performed outside of North America. If we continue to engage in significant cross-border activities, we will be subject to risks related to international operations, including: 

different regulatory requirements for maintaining approval of drugs and biologics in foreign countries;     

reduced protection for intellectual property rights in certain countries;     

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements;     

economic weakness, including inflation, political instability or open conflict in particular foreign economies and markets;     

compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad;     

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations of doing business in another country;     

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in North America;     

likelihood of potential or actual violations of domestic and international anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, or of U.S. and international export control and sanctions regulations, which likelihood may increase with an increase of operations in foreign jurisdictions;     

tighter restrictions on privacy and the collection and use of data, including genetic material, may apply in jurisdictions outside of North America, where we find some of the families with individuals that exhibit the severe phenotypes that we study; and     

business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires.     

 If any of these issues were to occur, our business could be materially harmed. 
   
 -28- 

Our near-term operating revenue is partially dependent upon the regulatory and marketing efforts of uniQ  ure, or its sublicensee, for the development and commercialization of Glybera.  
 Under the terms of our license agreement with uniQure, we rely on uniQure, or its sublicensees, to market Glybera and to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of Glybera. In July 2013, uniQure announced that it had granted to Chiesi Farmaceutici, S.p.A., or Chiesi, an Italian pharmaceutical firm, an exclusive license to commercialize Glybera in the European Union, or the EU, and certain other countries outside of North America and Japan. Commercial sales of Glybera commenced in November 2015. Despite the efforts of uniQure and Chiesi, Glybera may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payers and the medical community.  
 Glybera is approved in the EU under exceptional circumstances and full approval may never be granted or the existing approval under exceptional circumstances could be revoked. As a condition to approval of Glybera, uniQure is required to complete a post-approval clinical trial and is required to implement a disease registry as well as implement risk management procedures, distribute educational materials to healthcare professionals and patients, implement an additional manufacturing process step, comply with certain notification obligations and undergo annual reassessment, any negative outcome of which could potentially lead to a withdrawal of marketing approval for Glybera. 
 Any failure of uniQure or its sublicensee to successfully commercialize Glybera or revocation of Glybera s marketing approval in the EU could have an adverse effect on our near-term operating revenue and financial condition and could result in a decline in the price of our common shares.  
 U.S. Holders of our common shares may suffer adverse tax consequences if we are characterized as a passive foreign investment company.  
 Generally, for any taxable year in which 75% or more of our gross income is passive income, or at least 50% of the average quarterly value of our assets (which may be determined in part by the market value of our common shares, which is subject to change) are held for the production of, or produce, passive income, we would be characterized as a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Based on the composition of our gross income and gross assets and the nature of our business, we do not believe that we were a PFIC for the taxable years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, although we could be a PFIC for the calendar year ending December 31, 2016 or in subsequent years. Our status as a PFIC is a fact-intensive determination made on an annual basis and we cannot provide any assurance regarding our PFIC status for the taxable year ending December 31, 2016 or for future taxable years. 
 If we are a PFIC for any subsequent year, U.S. Holders of our common shares may suffer adverse tax consequences. Gains realized by non-corporate U.S. Holders on the sale of our common shares would be taxed as ordinary income, rather than as capital gain, and the preferential tax rate applicable to dividends received on our common shares would be lost. Interest charges would also be added to taxes on gains and dividends realized by all U.S. Holders. 
 A U.S. Holder may avoid these adverse tax consequences by timely making a qualified electing fund election. For each year that we would meet the PFIC gross income or asset test, an electing U.S. Holder would be required to include in gross income its pro rata share of our net ordinary income and net capital gains, if any. A U.S. Holder may make a qualified electing fund election only if we commit to provide U.S. Holders with their pro rata share of our net ordinary income and net capital gains. If we are a PFIC in the current or a future tax year, we will provide our U.S. Holders with the information that is necessary in order for them to make a qualified electing fund election and to report their common shares of ordinary earnings and net capital gains for each year for which we are a PFIC. 
 A U.S. Holder may also mitigate the adverse tax consequences if we are a PFIC by timely making a mark-to-market election. Generally, for each year that we would meet the PFIC gross income or asset test, an electing U.S. Holder would include in gross income the increase in the value of its common shares during each of its taxable years and deduct from gross income the decrease in the value of such shares during each of its taxable years. A mark-to-market election may be made and maintained only if our common shares are regularly traded on a qualified exchange, including The NASDAQ Global Market, or NASDAQ. Whether our common shares are regularly traded on a qualified exchange is an annual determination based on facts that, in part, are beyond our control. Accordingly, a U.S. Holder might not be eligible to make a mark-to-market election to mitigate the adverse tax consequences if we are characterized as a PFIC. 
   
 -29- 

We may become subject to income tax in jurisdictions in which we are organized or operate, including the United States, which would reduce our future   earnings.  
 There is a risk that we may become subject to income tax in jurisdictions outside of Canada, including the United States, if under the laws of any such jurisdiction, we are considered to be carrying on a trade or business there or earn income that is considered to be sourced there and we do not qualify for an exemption. In jurisdictions where we do not believe we are subject to tax, we can provide no certainty that tax authorities in those jurisdictions will not subject one or more tax years to examination. Tax examinations are often complex as tax authorities may disagree with the treatment of items reported by us, the result of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.  
 Acquisitions or joint ventures could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our shareholders and otherwise harm our business. 
 We actively evaluate various strategic transactions on an ongoing basis and may acquire other businesses, products or technologies as well as pursue strategic alliances, joint ventures or investments in complementary businesses. Any of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and operating results and expose us to many risks, including: 

disruption in our relationships with collaborators or suppliers as a result of such a transaction;     

unanticipated liabilities related to acquired companies;     

difficulties integrating acquired personnel, technologies and operations into our existing business;     

retention of key employees;     

diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to management of strategic alliances or joint ventures or acquisition integration challenges;     

increases in our expenses and reductions in our cash available for operations and other uses; and     

possible write-offs or impairment charges relating to acquired businesses.     

 Foreign acquisitions involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 
 Also, the anticipated benefit of any strategic alliance, joint venture or acquisition may not materialize. Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. We cannot predict the number, timing or size of future joint ventures or acquisitions, or the effect that any such transactions might have on our operating results. 
 Risks Related to Development, Clinical Testing and Regulatory Approval of Our Product Candidates 
 The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, EMA and regulators in other jurisdictions are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we, or our collaborators, are unable to obtain timely regulatory approval for our product candidates, our business will be substantially harmed. 
 The regulatory approval process is expensive and the time required to obtain approval from the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions to sell any product is uncertain and may take years. Whether regulatory approval will be granted is unpredictable and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. Approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of preclinical and clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. Other than for Glybera in the EU, neither we nor our collaborators have obtained regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. It is possible that none of our existing product candidates or any of our future product candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval, even if we expend substantial time and resources seeking such approval. 
 Our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 

the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our or our collaborators  clinical trials;     

we or our collaborators may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication;     

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities for approval;     

-30- 

we, or our   collaborators, may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks;     

the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities may disagree with our or our collaborators  interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;     

the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a New Drug Application, or NDA, or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere;     

the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we or our collaborators contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and     

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities outside of the U.S. may significantly change in a manner rendering our or our collaborators  clinical data insufficient for approval.     

 Even if we, or our collaborators, obtain approval for a particular product, regulatory authorities may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-approval clinical trials, or may approve a product with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product. 
 Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain timelines and uncertain outcomes. If clinical trials are prolonged or delayed, we, or our collaborators, may be unable to commercialize our product candidates on a timely basis. 
 Clinical testing of product candidates is expensive and, depending on the stage of development, can take a substantial period of time to complete. Clinical trial outcomes are inherently uncertain, and failure can occur at any time during the clinical development process. 
 Clinical trials can be halted or delayed for a variety of reasons, including those related to: 

side effects or adverse events in study participants presenting an unacceptable safety risk;     

inability to reach agreement with prospective contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical trial sites, or the breach of such agreements;     

failure of third-party contractors, such as CROs, or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements;     

delay or failure in obtaining the necessary approvals from regulators or institutional review boards, or IRBs, in order to commence a clinical trial at a prospective trial site, or their suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced;     

a requirement to undertake and complete additional preclinical studies to generate data required to support the submission of an NDA;     

inability to enroll sufficient patients to complete a protocol, particularly in orphan diseases;     

difficulty in having patients complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up;     

clinical sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial;     

problems with drug product or drug substance storage and distribution;     

adding new clinical trial sites;     

our inability to manufacture, or obtain from third parties, adequate supply of drug substance or drug product sufficient to complete our preclinical studies and clinical trials; and     

governmental or regulatory delays and changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines.     

 The results of any Phase 3 or other pivotal clinical trial may not be adequate to support marketing approval. These clinical trials are lengthy and, with respect to non-orphan indications, usually involve many hundreds to thousands of patients. In addition, if the FDA, EMA or another applicable regulator disagrees with our or our collaborator s choice of the key testing criterion, or primary endpoint, or the results for the primary endpoint are not robust or significant relative to the control group of patients not receiving the experimental therapy, such regulator may refuse to approve our product candidate in the region in which it has jurisdiction. The FDA, EMA or other applicable non-U.S. regulators also may require additional clinical trials as a condition for approving any of these product candidates. 
   
 -31- 

We could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by our collaborators, by the IRBs of the institutions in which such trial is being conducted, by any Data Safety Monitoring Board for such trial,   or by the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities. Such authorities may impose such a suspension or termination due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protoco  ls, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, product candidate manufacturing problems, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failur  e to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. In addition, delays can occur due to safety concerns arising from trials or other clinic  al data regarding another company s product candidate in the same compound class as one of ours.  
 If we or our collaborators experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of one of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of the product candidate will be harmed, could shorten the patent protection period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our products and our or our collaborators  ability to commence product sales and generate product revenue from the product will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs and slow down our product candidate development and approval process. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. 
 Our TV-45070, GDC-0276 and GDC-0310 product candidates for treatment of pain and XEN801 product candidate for the treatment of acne target novel molecular mechanisms. Regulatory authorities may require more extensive studies of the long-term effects of such product candidates for regulatory approval, which could delay development of our product candidates or our future product candidates based on novel mechanisms. 
 Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate adequately the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, which could prevent or delay regulatory approval and commercialization. 
 Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of our products, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical testing and clinical trials that the product candidate is both safe and effective for use in each target indication. Clinical trials often fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy of the product candidate studied for the target indication. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products. For example, in July 2015, we and our partner Teva announced topline results from a Phase 2b study designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of topically applied TV-45070 in patients with chronic pain due to OA of the knee. Results from this trial showed that TV-45070 did not demonstrate statistically significant difference from placebo in efficacy endpoints of reductions in pain due to OA and neither we nor Teva have plans for further development of TV-45070 in OA, although clinical development of TV-45070 in PHN continues. 
 In the case of some of our product candidates, we are seeking to develop treatments for diseases for which there is relatively limited clinical experience, and, in some cases our clinical trials use novel end points and measurement methodologies or subjective patient feedback, which adds a layer of complexity to our clinical trials and may delay regulatory approval. In addition, our focus on orphan and niche markets may cause us to select target indications that are in more challenging therapeutic areas. For example, clinical trials for pain, the indication for which TV-45070, GDC-0276 and GDC-0310 are being developed, are inherently difficult to conduct. The primary measure of pain is subjective patient feedback, which can be influenced by factors outside of our control, and can vary widely from day to day for a particular patient, and from patient to patient and site to site within a clinical study. The placebo effect also tends to have a more significant impact on pain trials. 
 If our product candidates are not shown to be both safe and effective in clinical trials, we will not be able to obtain regulatory approval or commercialize these product candidates and products. In such case, we would need to develop other compounds and conduct associated preclinical testing and clinical trials, as well as potentially seek additional financing, all of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, growth prospects, operating results, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical studies, including for orphan or niche indications, which could delay or prevent clinical studies of our product candidates. 
 We may not be able to identify, recruit and enroll a sufficient number of patients, or those with required or desired characteristics to achieve diversity in a study, to complete our clinical studies in a timely manner. Patient enrollment for clinical trials for orphan and niche indications and for more prevalent conditions is affected by factors including: 

severity of the disease under investigation;     

design of the study protocol;     

size of the patient population;     

-32- 

eligibility criteria for the study in question;     

perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study;     

proximity and availability of clinical study sites for prospective patients;     

availability of competing therapies and clinical studies;     

efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical studies; and     

patient referral practices of physicians.     

 The limited patient populations in orphan and niche indications present significant recruitment challenges for clinical trials. As an example of a rare childhood epilepsy disorder, the prevalence of Dravet Syndrome, or DS, is estimated to be 7,500-15,000 patients in the U.S. Many of these patients may not be suitable or available for clinical trials. This means that we or our collaborators generally will have to run multi-site and potentially multi-national trials, which can be expensive and require close coordination and supervision. If we experience delays in completing our clinical trials, such delays could result in increased costs, delays in advancing our product development, delays in testing the effectiveness of our technology or termination of the clinical studies altogether. 
 If we fail to obtain or maintain orphan drug designation or other regulatory exclusivity for some of our product candidates, our competitive position would be harmed. 
 A product candidate that receives orphan drug designation can benefit from a streamlined regulatory process as well as potential commercial benefits following approval. Currently, this designation provides market exclusivity in the U.S. and the EU for seven years and ten years, respectively, if a product is the first such product approved for such orphan indication. This market exclusivity does not, however, pertain to indications other than those for which the drug was specifically designated in the approval, nor does it prevent other types of drugs from receiving orphan designations or approvals in these same indications. Further, even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve a drug with similar chemical structure for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the new drug is clinically superior to the orphan product or a market shortage occurs. 
 In the EU, orphan exclusivity may be reduced to six years if the drug no longer satisfies the original designation criteria or can be lost altogether if the marketing authorization holder consents to a second orphan drug application or cannot supply enough drug, or when a second applicant demonstrates its drug is  clinically superior  to the original orphan drug. TV-45070 has received both fast track and orphan drug designations for the treatment of erythromelalgia, or EM, by the FDA. If we seek orphan drug designations for other indications or in other jurisdictions, such as for TV-45070 in the EU, we may fail to receive such orphan drug designations and, even if we succeed, such orphan drug designations may fail to result in or maintain orphan drug exclusivity upon approval, which would harm our competitive position. 
 Results of earlier clinical trials may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. 
 The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Interpretation of results from early, usually smaller, studies that suggest a clinically meaningful response in some patients, requires caution. Results from later stages of clinical trials enrolling more patients may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy results or otherwise fail to be consistent with the results of earlier trials of the same product candidates. Later clinical trial results may not replicate earlier clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including differences in trial design, different trial endpoints (or lack of trial endpoints in exploratory studies), patient population, number of patients, patient selection criteria, trial duration, drug dosage and formulation and lack of statistical power in the earlier studies. These uncertainties are enhanced where the diseases under study lack established clinical endpoints and validated measures of efficacy, as is often the case with orphan diseases for which no drugs have been developed previously. For example, our results for two small exploratory clinical trials for primary EM pain, one using a topical formulation and the other an oral formulation of TV-45070, used novel measures of efficacy assessment. While these studies provided promising results, further larger clinical trials will be necessary to confirm and extend these observations. 
 Changes in methods of product candidate manufacturing or formulation may result in additional costs or delay. 
 As product candidates are developed through preclinical to late stage clinical trials towards approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods and formulation, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials conducted with the altered materials. This could delay completion of clinical trials, require the conduct of bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our product candidates and/or jeopardize our or our collaborators  ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. 
   
 -33- 

Even if we obtain and maintain approval for our product candidates   from one jurisdiction, we may never obtain approval for our product candidates in other jurisdictions, which would limit our market opportunities and adversely affect our business.  
 Sales of our approved products are, and will be, subject to U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements governing clinical trials and marketing approval, and we plan to seek regulatory approval to commercialize our product candidates in North America, the EU and in additional foreign countries. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries and regulatory approval in one country does not ensure approval in any other country, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, approval in the U.S. by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can be lengthy and expensive, and involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the U.S., including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials. Even if our product candidates are approved, regulatory approval for any product may be withdrawn by the regulatory authorities in a particular jurisdiction. 
 Even if a product is approved, the FDA or the EMA, as the case may be, may limit the indications for which the product may be marketed, require extensive warnings on the product labeling or require expensive and time-consuming clinical trials or reporting as conditions of approval. In many countries outside the U.S., a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for a product is also subject to approval. 
 Regulatory authorities in countries outside of the U.S. and the EMA also have their own requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those countries. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with such foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our current and any future products, in certain countries. 
 If we fail to receive applicable marketing approvals or comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed and our business will be adversely affected. 
 We work with outside scientists and their institutions in executing our business strategy of developing product candidates using our Extreme Genetics discovery platform. These scientists may have other commitments or conflicts of interest, which could limit our access to their expertise and harm our ability to leverage our discovery platform. 
 We work with scientific advisors and collaborators at academic research institutions in connection with our Extreme Genetics discovery platform. These scientific advisors serve as our link to the various families with extreme phenotypes in that these advisors may: 

identify families as potential candidates for study;     

obtain their consent to participate in our research;     

perform medical examinations and gather medical histories;     

conduct the initial analysis of suitability of the families to participate in our research based on the foregoing; and     

collect data and biological samples from the family members periodically in accordance with our study protocols.     

 These scientists and collaborators are not our employees, rather they serve as either independent contractors or the primary investigators under research collaboration agreements that we have with their sponsoring academic or research institution. Such scientists and collaborators may have other commitments that would limit their availability to us. Although our scientific advisors generally agree not to do competing work, if an actual or potential conflict of interest between their work for us and their work for another entity arises, we may lose their services. It is also possible that some of our valuable proprietary knowledge may become publicly known through these scientific advisors if they breach their confidentiality agreements with us, which would cause competitive harm to our business. 
   
 -34- 

Risks Related to Commercialization  
 If, in the future, we are unable to establish our own sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into licensing or collaboration agreements for these purposes, we may not be successful in independently commercializing any future products. 
 We do not have a sales or marketing infrastructure and, as a company, have no sales, marketing or distribution experience. Our strategy involves, in part, building our own commercial infrastructure to selectively commercialize future products in niche or orphan indications. Where we believe such involvement would advance our business, we seek to retain the right to participate in the future development and commercialization of such products. For example, we have a co-promotion option for TV-45070 with Teva in the U.S. 
 To develop internal sales, distribution and marketing capabilities, we will have to invest significant amounts of financial and management resources, some of which will need to be committed prior to any confirmation that any of our proprietary product candidates will be approved. For any future products for which we decide to perform sales, marketing and distribution functions ourselves, we could face a number of additional risks, including: 

our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel or develop alternative sales channels;     

the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to physicians or persuade adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe any future products;     

the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and     

unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating and maintaining an independent sales and marketing organization.     

 Where and when appropriate, we may elect to utilize contract sales forces or distribution partners to assist in the commercialization of our product candidates. If we enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing and distribution services for a product, the resulting revenue or the profitability from this revenue to us is likely to be lower than if we had sold, marketed and distributed that product ourselves. In addition, we may not be successful in entering into arrangements with third parties to sell, market, and distribute our product candidates or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We likely will have little control over such third parties, and any of these third parties may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell, market, and distribute our current or any future products effectively. 
 Even if we receive regulatory approval to commercialize any of the product candidates that we develop independently, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. 
 Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates we commercialize will be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or subject to certain conditions of approval, and may contain requirements for potentially costly post-approval trials, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the marketed product. 
 For any approved product, we will need to ensure continued compliance with extensive regulations and requirements regarding the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for the product. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-approval information and reports, as well as continued compliance with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMP, and current good clinical practices, or cGCP, for any clinical trials that we or our collaborators conduct post-approval. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: 

restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls;     

fines, warning letters or holds on any post-approval clinical trials;     

refusal by the FDA, EMA or another applicable regulatory authority to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or our collaborators, or suspension or revocation of product license approvals;     

-35- 

product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; and     

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties.     

 Occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 If the market opportunities for any product that we or our collaborators develop are smaller than we believe they are, our revenue may be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 
 We intend to focus our independent product development on treatments for rare diseases. Our projections of both the number of people who have these diseases, as well as the subset of people with these diseases who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, are based on estimates. Currently, most reported estimates of the prevalence of these diseases are based on studies of small subsets of the population in specific geographic areas, which are then extrapolated to estimate the prevalence of the diseases in the U.S. or elsewhere. If the prevalence of such diseases is smaller than we have projected, then, even if our products are approved, we may not be able to successfully commercialize them. 
 Even if we or our collaborators receive approval to commercialize our products, unfavorable pricing regulations and challenging third-party coverage and reimbursement practices could harm our business. 
 Our or any collaborators  ability to commercialize any products successfully will depend, in part, on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government healthcare programs, private health insurers, managed care plans, and other organizations. Government authorities and third-party payers, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payers have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payers are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we or any collaborator commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we or a collaborator obtains marketing approval. If coverage and reimbursement are not available or reimbursement is available only to limited levels, we or our collaborators may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which marketing approval is obtained. 
 There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities. Moreover, eligibility for coverage and reimbursement does not imply that a drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution expenses. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also be insufficient to cover our and any collaborator s costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payers and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the U.S. Third-party payers often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our or any collaborator s inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government-funded and private payers for any approved products that we or our collaborators develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. 
 Our target patient populations in orphan and niche indications, where we intend to selectively develop and commercialize products independently, are relatively small. In order for therapies that are designed to treat smaller patient populations to be commercially viable, the reimbursement for such therapies needs to be higher, on a relative basis, to account for the lack of volume. Accordingly, we will need to implement a coverage and reimbursement strategy for any approved product that accounts for the smaller potential market size. If we are unable to establish or sustain coverage and adequate reimbursement for our current and any future products from third party payers or the government, the adoption of those products and sales revenue will be adversely affected, which, in turn, could adversely affect the ability to market or sell those products. 
   
 -36- 

Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to commercialize any products that we or our collaborators develop and affect the prices we may obtain.  
 The U.S. and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell any of our products profitably, once such products are approved for sale. Among policy makers and payers in the U.S. and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the U.S., the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively, PPACA, was enacted in 2010 and includes measures that have significantly changed, or will significantly change, the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers. Among the provisions of PPACA of importance to the pharmaceutical industry are the following: 

an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs, that began in 2011;     

an increase in the rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to 23% and 13% of the average manufacturer price for branded and generic drugs, respectively;     

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50% point-of-sale discounts to negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D;     

extension of manufacturers  Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations;     

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs by, among other things, allowing states to offer Medicaid coverage to additional individuals and by adding new mandatory eligibility categories for certain individuals with income at or below 133% of the Federal Poverty Level beginning in 2014, thereby potentially increasing manufacturers  Medicaid rebate liability;     

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program;     

new requirements under the federal Open Payments program, created under Section 6002 of the PPACA and its implementing regulations that manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) report annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, information related to  payments or other transfers of value  made or distributed to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals and that applicable manufacturers and applicable group purchasing organizations report annually to the HHS ownership and investment interests held by physicians (as defined above) and their immediate family members, with data collection required beginning August 1, 2013 and reporting to the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services, or CMS, required by the 90th day of each subsequent calendar year, and disclosure of such information made on a publicly available website starting September 2014;     

a requirement to annually report drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians, effective in 2012;     

expansion of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the False Claims Act and the Anti-Kickback Statute, new government investigative powers, and enhanced penalties for noncompliance;     

a licensure framework for follow-on biologic products;     

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research;     

creation of the Independent Payment Advisory Board which, beginning in 2014, has authority to recommend certain changes to the Medicare program that could result in reduced payments for prescription drugs and those recommendations could have the effect of law even if Congress does not act on the recommendations; and     

establishment of a Center for Medicare Innovation at CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending, that began, in 2011.     

-37- 

In the EU, similar political, economic and regulatory developments may affect our ability to profitably commercialize our current or any future products. In addition to continuing pressure on prices and   cost containment measures, legislative developments at the EU or member state level may result in significant additional requirements or obstacles that may increase our operating costs. In international markets, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems   vary significantly by country, and many countries have instituted price ceilings on specific products and therapies. Glybera and our future products, if any, might not be considered medically reasonable and necessary for a specific indication or cost-effe  ctive by third-party payers. An adequate level of reimbursement might not be available for such products and third-party payers  reimbursement policies might adversely affect our or our collaborators  ability to sell Glybera and any future products profita  bly.   
 Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-approval testing and other requirements. 
 We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the U.S. or abroad. If we or our collaborators are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or our collaborators are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates may lose any marketing approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. 
 Foreign governments tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our future profitability. 
 In most foreign countries, particularly those in the EU, prescription drug pricing and/or reimbursement is subject to governmental control. In those countries that impose price controls, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we or our collaborators may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. 
 Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we or our collaborators might obtain marketing approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay commercial launch of the product, possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively impact the revenue that are generated from the sale of the product in that country. If reimbursement of such products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, or if there is competition from lower priced cross-border sales, our profitability will be negatively affected. 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We depend on our collaborative relationship with Teva to further develop and commercialize TV-45070, and if our relationship is not successful or is terminated, we may not be able to effectively develop and/or commercialize TV-45070, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We depend on Teva to collaborate with us to develop and globally commercialize TV-45070. Under the agreement, Teva controls all decision-making with respect to the clinical development and commercialization for TV-45070.  
 As a result of our dependence on Teva, the eventual success or commercial viability of TV-45070 is largely beyond our control. The financial returns to us, if any, depend in large part on the achievement of development and commercialization milestones, plus a share of any revenue from sales. Therefore, our success, and any associated financial returns to us and our investors, will depend in large part on Teva s performance under the agreement. We are subject to a number of additional specific risks associated with our dependence on our collaborative relationship with Teva, including: 

adverse decisions by Teva or the Joint Development Committee regarding the development and commercialization of TV-45070;     

possible disagreements as to the timing, nature and extent of our development plans, including clinical trials or regulatory approval strategy;     

loss of significant rights if we fail to meet our obligations under the agreement;     

-38- 

changes in key management personnel at Teva, including in members of the Joint Development Committee; and     

possible disagreements with Teva regarding the agreement, for example, with regard to ownership of intellectual property rights.     

 If either we or Teva fail to perform our respective obligations, any clinical trial, regulatory approval or development progress could be significantly delayed or halted, could result in costly or time-consuming litigation or arbitration and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Decisions by Teva to emphasize other drug candidates currently in its portfolio ahead of our product candidates, or to add competitive agents to its portfolio could result in a decision to terminate the agreement, in which event, among other things, we may be responsible for paying any remaining costs of all ongoing or future clinical trials. 
 In addition, Teva s executive offices and a substantial percentage of their manufacturing capabilities are located in Israel. Teva s Israeli operations are dependent upon materials imported from outside Israel, and Teva also exports significant amounts of products from Israel. Accordingly, our collaboration with Teva could be materially and adversely affected by acts of terrorism or if major hostilities were to occur in the Middle East or trade between Israel and its present trading partners were curtailed, including as a result of acts of terrorism in the U.S. or elsewhere. 
 Any of the above discussed scenarios could adversely affect the timing and extent of our development and commercialization activities, which could cause significant delays and funding shortfalls for those activities and seriously harm our business. 
 Our prospects for successful development and commercialization of our partnered products and product candidates are dependent upon the research, development and marketing efforts of our collaborators. 
 We have no control over the resources, time and effort that our collaborators may devote to our programs and limited access to information regarding or resulting from such programs. We are dependent on uniQure, and its licensee Chiesi to successfully commercialize Glybera and on Teva, Genentech, and Merck to fund and conduct the research and any clinical development of product candidates under our collaboration with each of them, and for the successful regulatory approval, marketing and commercialization of one or more of such products or product candidates. Such success will be subject to significant uncertainty. 
 Our ability to recognize revenue from successful collaborations may be impaired by multiple factors including: 

a collaborator may shift its priorities and resources away from our programs due to a change in business strategies, or a merger, acquisition, sale or downsizing of its company or business unit;     

a collaborator may cease development in therapeutic areas which are the subject of our strategic alliances;     

a collaborator may change the success criteria for a particular program or product candidate thereby delaying or ceasing development of such program or candidate;     

a significant delay in initiation of certain development activities by a collaborator will also delay payment of milestones tied to such activities, thereby impacting our ability to fund our own activities;     

a collaborator could develop a product that competes, either directly or indirectly, with our current or future products, if any;     

a collaborator with commercialization obligations may not commit sufficient financial or human resources to the marketing, distribution or sale of a product;     

a collaborator with manufacturing responsibilities may encounter regulatory, resource or quality issues and be unable to meet demand requirements;     

a collaborator may exercise its rights under the agreement to terminate our collaboration;     

a dispute may arise between us and a collaborator concerning the research or development of a product candidate, commercialization of a product or payment of royalties or milestone payments, any of which could result in a delay in milestones, royalty payments or termination of a program and possibly resulting in costly litigation or arbitration which may divert management attention and resources;     

-39- 

a collaborator may not adequately protect the intellectual property rights associated with a product or product candidate; and     

a collaborator may use our proprietary information or intellectual property in such a way as to invite litigation from a third party.     

 If our collaborators do not perform in the manner we expect or fulfill their responsibilities in a timely manner, or at all, the clinical development, regulatory approval and commercialization efforts could be delayed, terminated or be commercially unsuccessful. Conflicts between us and our collaborators may arise. In the event of termination of one or more of our collaboration agreements, it may become necessary for us to assume the responsibility of any terminated product or product candidates at our own expense or seek new collaborators. In that event, we would likely be required to limit the size and scope of one or more of our independent programs or increase our expenditures and seek additional funding which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all, and our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 We may not be successful in establishing new collaborations or maintaining our existing alliances, which could adversely affect our ability to develop future product candidates and commercialize future products. 
 We may seek to enter into additional product collaborations in the future, including alliances with other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, to enhance and accelerate the development of our future product candidates and the commercialization of any resulting products. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators and the negotiation process is time-consuming and complex. Moreover, we may not be successful in our efforts to establish other collaborations or other alternative arrangements for any future product candidates because our research and development pipeline may be insufficient, our product candidates may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaboration effort and/or third parties may view our product candidates as lacking the requisite potential to demonstrate safety and efficacy. Even if we are successful in our efforts to establish collaborations, the terms that we agree upon may not be favorable to us and we may not be able to maintain such collaborations if, for example, development or approval of a product candidate is delayed or sales of an approved product are disappointing. 
 If any of our existing collaboration agreements is terminated, or if we determine that entering into other product collaborations is in our best interest but we either fail to enter into, delay in entering into or fail to maintain such collaborations: 

the development of certain of our current or future product candidates may be terminated or delayed;     

our cash expenditures related to development of our product candidates would increase significantly and we may need to seek additional financing sooner than expected;     

we may be required to hire additional employees or otherwise develop expertise, such as clinical, regulatory, sales and marketing expertise, which we do not currently have;     

we will bear all of the risk related to the development of any such product candidates; and     

the competitiveness of any product that is commercialized could be reduced.     

 We intend to rely on third-party manufacturers to produce our clinical product candidate supplies. Any failure by a third-party manufacturer to produce acceptable supplies for us may delay or impair our ability to initiate or complete our clinical trials or commercialize approved products. 
 We do not currently own or operate any manufacturing facilities nor do we have any in-house manufacturing experience or personnel. We rely on our collaborators to manufacture product candidates licensed to them or work with multiple third party contract manufacturers to produce sufficient quantities of materials required for the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical testing and clinical trials and intend to do so for the commercial manufacture of our products. If we are unable to arrange for such third-party manufacturing sources, or fail to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to successfully produce sufficient supply of product candidate or we may be delayed in doing so. Such failure or substantial delay could materially harm our business. 
   
 -40- 

Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured product candidates ourselves, including reliance on the third party for regulatory c  ompliance and quality control and assurance, volume production, the possibility of breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party because of factors beyond our control (including a failure to synthesize and manufacture our product candidates in a  ccordance with our product specifications) and the possibility of termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or damaging to us. In addition, the FDA, EMA and other regulatory authorities require that our product   candidates be manufactured according to cGMP and similar foreign standards. Pharmaceutical manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their facilities and/or products manufactured at the time of submission of the marketing application   and then annually thereafter with the FDA and certain state and foreign agencies. They are also subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, state and other foreign authorities. Any subsequent discovery of problems with a product, or a manufactu  ring or laboratory facility used by us or our collaborators, may result in restrictions on the product or on the manufacturing or laboratory facility, including marketed product recall, suspension of manufacturing, product seizure, or a voluntary withdrawa  l of the drug from the market. Any failure by our third-party manufacturers to comply with cGMP or failure to scale up manufacturing processes, including any failure to deliver sufficient quantities of product candidates in a timely manner, could lead to a   delay in, or failure to obtain, regulatory approval of any of our product candidates.  
 We rely on third parties to monitor, support, conduct and/or oversee clinical trials of the product candidates that we are developing independently and, in some cases, to maintain regulatory files for those product candidates. We may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates or commercialize any products that may result from our development efforts, if we are not able to maintain or secure agreements with such third parties on acceptable terms, if these third parties do not perform their services as required, or if these third parties fail to timely transfer any regulatory information held by them to us. 
 We rely on entities outside of our control, which may include academic institutions, CROs, hospitals, clinics and other third-party collaborators, to monitor, support, conduct and/or oversee preclinical and clinical studies of our current and future product candidates. We also rely on third parties to perform clinical trials on our current and future product candidates when they reach that stage. As a result, we have less control over the timing and cost of these studies and the ability to recruit trial subjects than if we conducted these trials with our own personnel. 
 If we are unable to maintain or enter into agreements with these third parties on acceptable terms, or if any such engagement is terminated prematurely, we may be unable to enroll patients on a timely basis or otherwise conduct our trials in the manner we anticipate. In addition, there is no guarantee that these third parties will devote adequate time and resources to our studies or perform as required by our contract or in accordance with regulatory requirements, including maintenance of clinical trial information regarding our product candidates. If these third parties fail to meet expected deadlines, fail to transfer to us any regulatory information in a timely manner, fail to adhere to protocols or fail to act in accordance with regulatory requirements or our agreements with them, or if they otherwise perform in a substandard manner or in a way that compromises the quality or accuracy of their activities or the data they obtain, then clinical trials of our future product candidates may be extended or delayed with additional costs incurred, or our data may be rejected by the FDA, EMA or other regulatory agencies. 
 Ultimately, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. 
 We and our CROs are required to comply with cGCP regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, the competent authorities of the member states of the European Economic Area and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for products in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these cGCP regulations through periodic inspections of clinical trial sponsors, principal investigators and clinical trial sites. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and our submission of marketing applications may be delayed or the FDA may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. Upon inspection, the FDA could determine that any of our clinical trials fail or have failed to comply with applicable cGCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product produced under the cGMP regulations enforced by the FDA, and our clinical trials may require a large number of test subjects. Our failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process and increase our costs. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of our CROs violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 
 If any of our clinical trial sites terminates for any reason, we may experience the loss of follow-up information on patients enrolled in our ongoing clinical trials unless we are able to transfer the care of those patients to another qualified clinical trial site. Further, if our relationship with any of our CROs is terminated, we may be unable to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 
   
 -41- 

Switching or adding CROs or other suppliers can involve   substantial cost and require extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO or supplier commences work. As a result, delays may occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinic  al development timelines. If we are required to seek alternative supply arrangements, the resulting delays and potential inability to find a suitable replacement could materially and adversely impact our business.  
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
 We could be unsuccessful in obtaining or maintaining adequate patent protection for one or more of our products or product candidates. 
 Our commercial success will depend, in large part, on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection with respect to our product candidates. Patents might not be issued or granted with respect to our patent applications that are currently pending, and issued or granted patents might later be found to be invalid or unenforceable, be interpreted in a manner that does not adequately protect our current product or any future products, or fail to otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies is generally uncertain because it involves complex legal and factual considerations. The standards applied by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and foreign patent offices in granting patents are not always applied uniformly or predictably. For example, there is no uniform worldwide policy regarding patentable subject matter or the scope of claims allowable in biotechnology and pharmaceutical patents. Consequently, patents may not issue from our pending patent applications. As such, we do not know the degree of future protection that we will have on our proprietary products and technology, if any, and a failure to obtain adequate intellectual property protection with respect to our product candidates and proprietary technology could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the U.S. in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. The USPTO and various non-US governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply with respect to the patents and patent applications that we own, and we rely upon our licensors or our other collaborators to effect compliance with respect to the patents and patent applications that we license. In many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our intellectual property rights will not necessarily provide us with competitive advantages. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage.  
 The following examples are illustrative: 

others may be able to make compounds that are similar to our product candidates but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we or our collaborators own or have exclusively licensed;     

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights;     

issued patents that we own or have exclusively licensed may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable, as a result of legal challenges by our competitors;     

we may obtain patents for certain compounds many years before we obtain marketing approval for products containing such compounds, and because patents have a limited life, which may begin to run prior to the commercial sale of the related product, the commercial value of our patents may be limited;     

our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets;     

we may fail to develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable;     

-42- 

the laws of certain for  eign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S., or we may fail to apply for or obtain adequate intellectual property protection in all the jurisdictions in which we operate; and     

the patents of others may have an adverse effect on our business, for example by preventing us from marketing one or more of our product candidates for one or more indications.     

 Any of the aforementioned threats to our competitive advantage could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the U.S. can be less extensive than those in the U.S. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the U.S. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the U.S., or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our current or future products, if any, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 
 Our patents covering one or more of our products or product candidates could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 
 Any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged or invalidated despite measures we take to obtain patent and other intellectual property protection with respect to our product candidates and proprietary technology. For example, if we were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering one of our product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that our patent is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the U.S. and in some other jurisdictions, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, for example, lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld material information from the USPTO or the applicable foreign counterpart, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. A litigant or the USPTO itself could challenge our patents on this basis even if we believe that we have conducted our patent prosecution in accordance with the duty of candor and in good faith. The outcome following such a challenge is unpredictable. 
 With respect to challenges to the validity of our patents, for example, there might be invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on a product candidate. Even if a defendant does not prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, our patent claims may be construed in a manner that would limit our ability to enforce such claims against the defendant and others. The cost of defending such a challenge, particularly in a foreign jurisdiction, and any resulting loss of patent protection could have a material adverse impact on one or more of our product candidates and our business. 
 Enforcing our intellectual property rights against third parties may also cause such third parties to file other counterclaims against us, which could be costly to defend, particularly in a foreign jurisdiction, and could require us to pay substantial damages, cease the sale of certain products or enter into a license agreement and pay royalties (which may not be possible on commercially reasonable terms or at all). Any efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights are also likely to be costly and may divert the efforts of our scientific and management personnel. 
   
 -43- 

Patent protection and patent prosecution for some of our product candidates is dependent on, and the ability to assert patents   and defend them against claims of invalidity is maintained by, third parties.  
 There have been and may be times in the future when certain patents that relate to our product candidates or any approved products are controlled by our licensees or licensors. Although we may, under such arrangements, have rights to consult with our collaborators on actions taken as well as back-up rights of prosecution and enforcement, we have in the past and may in the future relinquish rights to prosecute and maintain patents and patent applications within our portfolio as well as the ability to assert such patents against infringers. Currently, some of these rights relating to the patent portfolios for Glybera, TV-45070, GDC-0276 and GDC-0310, and some of our earlier stage product candidates are held by our collaborators. 
 If any current or future licensee or licensor with rights to prosecute, assert or defend patents related to our product candidates fails to appropriately prosecute and maintain patent protection for patents covering any of our product candidates, or if patents covering any of our product candidates are asserted against infringers or defended against claims of invalidity or unenforceability in a manner which adversely affects such coverage, our ability to develop and commercialize any such product candidate may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competing products. 
 We may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or one of our licensors is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party in such infringement proceeding from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly, and could put any of our patent applications at risk of not yielding an issued patent. 
 Interference proceedings, derivation proceedings, entitlement proceedings, ex parte reexamination, inter partes reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review, and opposition proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the USPTO or any foreign patent authority may be used to challenge inventorship, ownership, claim scope, or validity of our patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms, if any license is offered at all. Litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. 
 We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our trade secrets or confidential information, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the U.S. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common shares. 
 Claims that our product candidates or the sale or use of our future products infringe the patent or other intellectual property rights of third parties could result in costly litigation or could require substantial time and money to resolve, even if litigation is avoided. 
 Our commercial success depends upon our ability to develop product candidates and commercialize products that may be approved in the future, using our proprietary technology without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. Our product or product candidates or any uses of them may now and in the future infringe third-party patents or other intellectual property rights. Third parties might allege that we or our collaborators are infringing their patent rights or that we have misappropriated their trade secrets, or that we are otherwise violating their intellectual property rights, whether with respect to the manner in which we have conducted our research or to the composition, use or manufacture of the compounds we have developed or are developing with our collaborators. Such third parties might resort to litigation against us or other parties we have agreed to indemnify, which litigation could be based on either existing intellectual property or intellectual property that arises in the future. 
   
 -44- 

It is possible that relevant patents or patent applications held by third parties will cover our product candida  tes at the time of launch and we may also fail to identify, relevant patents or patent applications held by third parties that cover our product candidates. For example, applications filed before November 29, 2000, and certain applications filed after that   date that will not be filed outside the U.S. remain confidential until patents issue. Other patent applications in the U.S. and several other jurisdictions are published approximately 18 months after the earliest filing for which priority is claimed, with   such earliest filing date being commonly referred to as the priority date. Furthermore, publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we or our collaborators we  re the first to invent, or the first to file patent applications on, our product candidates or for their uses, or that our product candidates will not infringe patents that are currently issued or that are issued in the future. In the event that a third pa  rty has also filed a patent application covering one of our product candidates or a similar invention, we may have to participate in an adversarial proceeding, known as an interference, declared by the USPTO or its foreign counterpart to determine priority   of invention. Additionally, pending patent applications and patents which have been published can, subject to certain limitations, be later amended in a manner that could cover our current or future products, if any, or their use.  
 Defending against claims of patent infringement, misappropriation of trade secrets or other violations of intellectual property rights could be costly and time consuming, regardless of the outcome. Thus, even if we were to ultimately prevail, or to settle at an early stage, such litigation could burden us with substantial unanticipated costs. In addition, litigation or threatened litigation could result in significant demands on the time and attention of our management team, distracting them from the pursuit of other company business. Claims that our product candidates or the sale or use of our future products infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate third-party intellectual property rights could therefore have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 Most of our competitors are larger than we are and have substantially greater financial resources. They are, therefore, likely to be able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation longer than we could. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to conduct our clinical trials, continue our internal research programs, in-license needed technology, or enter into strategic collaborations that would help us bring our product candidates to market. 
 In addition, any future intellectual property litigation, interference or other administrative proceedings will result in additional expense and distraction of our personnel. An adverse outcome in such litigation or proceedings may expose us or any future strategic collaborators to loss of our proprietary position, expose us to significant liabilities, or require us to seek licenses that may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Unfavorable outcomes in intellectual property litigation could limit our research and development activities and/or our ability to commercialize certain products. 
 If third parties successfully assert their intellectual property rights against us, we might be barred from using certain aspects of our technology, or barred from developing and commercializing certain products. Prohibitions against using certain technologies, or prohibitions against commercializing certain products, could be imposed by a court or by a settlement agreement between us and a plaintiff. In addition, if we are unsuccessful in defending against allegations that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated patent or other intellectual property rights of others, we may be forced to pay substantial damage awards to the plaintiff. There is inevitable uncertainty in intellectual property litigation and we could lose, even if the case against us is weak or flawed. If litigation leads to an outcome unfavorable to us, we may be required to obtain a license from the intellectual property owner in order to continue our research and development programs or to market any resulting product. It is possible that the necessary license will not be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Alternatively, we may be required to modify or redesign our current or future products, if any, in order to avoid infringing or otherwise violating third-party intellectual property rights. This may not be technically or commercially feasible, may render those products less competitive, or may delay or prevent the entry of those products to the market. Any of the foregoing could limit our research and development activities, our ability to commercialize one or more product candidates, or both. 
 In order to avoid or settle potential claims with respect to any patent or other intellectual property rights of third parties, we may choose or be required to seek a license from a third party and be required to pay license fees or royalties or both, which could be substantial. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we or any future collaborators were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product, or be forced, by court order or otherwise, to cease some or all aspects of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened patent or other intellectual property claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. Further, we could be found liable for significant monetary damages as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement. For example, we have received, and may in the future receive, offers to license and demands to license from third parties claiming that we are infringing their intellectual property or owe license fees and, even if such claims are without merit, we could fail to successfully avoid or settle such claims. 
   
 -45- 

If Teva, uniQure, Genentech or Merck license or otherwise acquire rights to intellectual property controlled by a third party in various circumstances, for example, where a product could not be legally develop  ed or commercialized in a country without the third-party intellectual property right or, where it is decided that it would be useful to acquire such third-party right to develop or commercialize the product, they are eligible under our collaboration agree  ments to decrease payments payable to us on a product-by-product basis and, in certain cases, on a country-by-country basis. Any of the foregoing events could harm our business significantly.  
 If we breach any of the agreements under which we license the use, development and commercialization rights to our product candidates or technology from third parties, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. 
 The patent portfolio for Glybera is in-licensed from UBC. Under our existing license agreements, we are subject to various obligations, including diligence obligations such as development and commercialization obligations, as well as potential royalty payments and other obligations. If we fail to comply with any of these obligations or otherwise breach our license agreements, our licensing partners may have the right to terminate the applicable license in whole or in part. Generally, the loss of any one of our current licenses, or any other license we may acquire in the future, could materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.  
 Confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties may not prevent unauthorized disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, which would harm our competitive position. 
 In addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information concerning our Extreme Genetics discovery platform, business strategy and product candidates in order to protect our competitive position, which are difficult to protect. In the course of our research and development activities and our business activities, we often rely on confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary information. Such confidentiality agreements are used, for example, when we talk to vendors of laboratory or clinical development services or potential strategic collaborators. In addition, each of our employees and consultants is required to sign a confidentiality agreement and invention assignment agreement upon joining our company. Our employees, consultants, contractors, business partners or outside scientific collaborators might intentionally or inadvertently disclose our trade secret information in breach of these confidentiality agreements or our trade secrets may otherwise be misappropriated. Our collaborators might also have rights to publish data and we might fail to apply for patent protection prior to such publication. It is possible that a competitor will make use of such information, and that our competitive position will be compromised. In addition, to the extent that our employees, consultants or contractors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the U.S. sometimes are less willing than U.S. courts to protect trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and other confidential information, then our ability to obtain patent protection or to protect our trade secret information would be jeopardized, which would adversely affect our competitive position. 
 Patent reform legislation and recent court decisions could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. 
 On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The USPTO has and continues to develop and implement regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act. The full effect of these changes are currently unclear as the USPTO has not yet adopted all pertinent final rules and regulations, the courts have yet to address these provisions and the applicability of the Leahy-Smith Act and new regulations on specific patents, including our patents discussed herein, have not been determined and would need to be reviewed. Accordingly, it is not yet clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. As a result, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. On June 13, 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court decision in Association for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc., held that isolated DNA sequences are not patentable. In December 2014, the USPTO issued its Interim Guidance on Patent Subject Matter Eligibility, in which it extended Myriad's "marked difference" standard for patent subject matter eligibility to all potential natural products. This standard applies to patent claims that recite not only nucleic acids (such as DNA in Myriad), but also other subject matter that could be considered a natural product, such as peptides, proteins, extracts, organisms, antibodies, chemicals, and minerals. As a consequence of the Myriad decision and the USPTO s Interim Guidance, if any of our future product candidates utilize isolated DNA, peptides, proteins or the like, we will not be able to obtain patents in the U.S. claiming such novel gene targets that we discover, which could limit our ability to prevent third parties from developing drugs directed against such targets.  
   
 -46- 

If we do not obtain protection under the Hatch-Waxman Act and similar legislation outside of the U.S. by extending the patent terms for our product candidates, our busi  ness may be materially harmed.  
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, if any, one or more U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term restoration under the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent restoration term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during clinical testing of the product and the subsequent FDA regulatory review process. However, we may not be granted an extension because of, for example, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than we request. 
 If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration or the term of any such extension is less than we request, the period during which we will have the right to exclusively market our product will be shortened and our competitors may obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration, and our revenue could be reduced, possibly materially. 
 We have not registered our corporate name as a trademark in all of our potential markets, and failure to secure those registrations could adversely affect our business. 
 Our corporate name, Xenon, has not been trademarked in each market where we operate and plan to operate. Our trademark applications for our corporate name or the name of our products may not be allowed for registration, and our registered trademarks may not be maintained or enforced. During trademark registration proceedings, we may receive rejections, which we may be unable to overcome in our responses. Third parties may also attempt to register trademarks utilizing the Xenon name on their products, and we may not be successful in preventing such usage. In addition, in the USPTO and in comparable agencies in many foreign jurisdictions, third parties are given an opportunity to oppose pending trademark applications and to seek to cancel registered trademarks. Opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademarks, and our trademarks may not survive such proceedings. If we do not secure registrations for our trademarks, we may encounter more difficulty in enforcing them against third parties than we otherwise would. 
 Intellectual property litigation may lead to unfavorable publicity that harms our reputation and causes the market price of our common shares to decline. 
 During the course of any intellectual property litigation, there could be public announcements of the initiation of the litigation as well as results of hearings, rulings on motions, and other interim proceedings in the litigation. If securities analysts or investors regard these announcements as negative, the perceived value of our existing products, programs or intellectual property could be diminished. Accordingly, the market price of our common shares may decline. Such announcements could also harm our reputation or the market for our future products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Industry 
 If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our current and any future products. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates, and we will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any product candidates. For example, we may be sued if any of our product candidates, including any that are developed in combination therapies, allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. There is also risk that third parties we have agreed to indemnify could incur liability. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased demand for our product candidates or any resulting products;     

injury to our reputation;     

withdrawal of clinical trial participants;     

costs to defend the related litigation;     

a diversion of management s time and our resources;     

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients;     

-47- 

product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, mark  eting or promotional restrictions;     

loss of revenue;     

the inability to commercialize our product candidates; and     

a decline in our common share price.     

 We currently carry product liability insurance of $5,000,000 per occurrence and $10,000,000 aggregate limit. We believe our product liability insurance coverage is appropriate in light of our current clinical programs; however, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. If and when we obtain marketing approval for product candidates, we intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however, we may then be unable to obtain product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs or medical treatments that had unanticipated adverse effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could cause our common share price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our future results of operations and business. 
 Patients with the diseases targeted by our product candidates are often already in severe and advanced stages of disease and have both known and unknown significant pre-existing and potentially life-threatening conditions. During the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events, including death, for reasons that may be related to our product candidates. Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to market those product candidates, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even in a circumstance in which we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our products, the investigation into the circumstance may be time-consuming or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, delay our regulatory approval process in other countries, or impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals our product candidates receive or maintain. As a result of these factors, a product liability claim, even if successfully defended, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our current and future relationships with customers and third-party payers in the U.S. and elsewhere will be subject, directly or indirectly, to applicable federal and state anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, transparency, health information privacy and security, and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payers in the U.S. and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payers and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act, that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. In addition, we may be subject to transparency laws and patient privacy regulation by the federal government and by the U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid;     

federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, including the federal False Claims Act, which impose criminal and civil penalties, including civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, or other third party payers claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government;     

HIPAA, which imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters;     

HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose obligations on covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as their business associates that create, receive, maintain, or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on their behalf, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information;     

-48- 

the federal Open Payments program; and     

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payers, including private insurers; state and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; state and foreign laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state and foreign laws governing the collection, export, privacy, use and security of biological materials and health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts.     

 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including, without limitation, damages, fines, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business, including our collaborators, is found not to be in compliance with applicable laws, it may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from participation in government healthcare programs, which could also materially affect our business. 
 If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially harmful biological materials as well as hazardous materials, chemicals, and various radioactive compounds typically employed in molecular and cellular biology. For example, we routinely use cells in culture and we employ small amounts of radioisotopes. We cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from the use, storage, handling, or disposal of these materials through our maintenance of up-to-date licensing and training programs. In the event of contamination or injury, we could be held liable for damages that result, and any liability could exceed our resources. We currently carry insurance covering certain claims arising from our use of these materials. However, if we are unable to maintain our insurance coverage at a reasonable cost and with adequate coverage, our insurance may not cover any liability that may arise. We are subject to U.S. and Canadian federal, provincial, and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling, and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. Complying with regulations regarding the use of these materials could be costly, and if we fail to comply with these regulations, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability. 
 We or the third parties upon whom we depend may be adversely affected by earthquakes or other natural disasters and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from serious disaster. 
 Our headquarters are located in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada. We are vulnerable to natural disasters such as earthquakes that could disrupt our operations. If a natural disaster, power outage, fire or other event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as the manufacturing facilities of our third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. Although we carry insurance for earthquakes and other natural disasters, we may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance to compensate us for all losses that may occur. The disaster recovery and business continuity plans we have in place currently are limited and may not be adequate in the event of a serious disaster or similar event. We may incur substantial expenses as a result of a natural disaster or earthquake, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we may lose samples or other valuable data. The occurrence of any of the forgoing could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
   
 -49- 

Risks Related to Our Common Shares  
 Our common share price may be volatile, and purchasers of our common shares could incur substantial losses. 
 Our common share price has fluctuated in the past and is likely to be volatile in the future. As a result of this volatility, investors may experience losses on their investment in our common shares. The market price for our common shares may be influenced by many factors, including the following: 

actions by any of our collaborators regarding our product candidates they are developing, including announcements regarding clinical or regulatory decisions or developments or our collaboration;     

announcements by us or our competitors of new products, product candidates or new uses for existing products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments and the timing of these introductions or announcements;     

unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of any of our products and product candidates;     

results from or delays of clinical trials of our product candidates;     

failure to obtain or delays in obtaining or maintaining product approvals or clearances from regulatory authorities;     

adverse regulatory or reimbursement announcements;     

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or capital commitments;     

the results of our efforts to discover or develop additional product candidates;     

our dependence on third parties, including our collaborators, CROs, clinical trial sponsors and clinical investigators;     

regulatory or legal developments in Canada, the U.S. or other countries;     

developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights;     

the recruitment or departure of key scientific or management personnel;     

our ability to successfully commercialize our future product candidates we develop independently, if approved;     

the level of expenses related to any of our product candidates or clinical development programs;     

actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts;     

actual or anticipated quarterly variations in our financial results or those of our competitors;     

any change to the composition of the board of directors or key personnel;     

sales of common shares by us or our shareholders in the future, as well as the overall trading volume of our common shares;     

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems;     

commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation;     

general economic, industry and market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors and other factors that may be unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors, including changes in market valuations of similar companies; and     

the other factors described in this  Risk Factors  section.     

 In addition, the stock market in general, and NASDAQ and the biopharmaceutical industry in particular, have from time to time experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of the underlying companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common shares, regardless of our operating performance. In several recent situations where the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our shareholders were to bring a lawsuit against us, the defense and disposition of the lawsuit could be costly and divert the time and attention of our management and harm our operating results. 
   
 -50- 

Future sales of our common shares in the public market could cause our common share price to fa  ll.  
 Our common share price could decline as a result of sales of a large number of our common shares or the perception that these sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 Certain holders of our common shares are party to our amended and restated investor rights agreement, as amended, and have rights, subject to some conditions, to require us to file registration statements covering the sale of their common shares or to include their common shares in registration statements that we may file for ourselves or other shareholders. We also register the offer and sale of all common shares that we may issue under our equity compensation plans. 
 In addition, in the future, we may issue additional common shares or other equity or debt securities convertible into common shares in connection with a financing, acquisition, litigation settlement, employee arrangements or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing shareholders and could cause our common share price to decline. 
 Provisions in our corporate charter documents and Canadian law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our shareholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management and/or limit the market price of our common shares. 
 Provisions in our articles and our by-laws, as well as certain provisions under the Canada Business Corporations Act, or CBCA, and applicable Canadian securities laws, may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of us that shareholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which they might otherwise receive a premium for their common shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common shares, thereby depressing the market price of our common shares. In addition, because our board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for shareholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these provisions include the following: 

shareholders cannot amend our articles unless such amendment is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds of the shares entitled to vote on such approval;     

our board of directors may, without shareholder approval, issue preferred shares having any terms, conditions, rights, preferences and privileges as the board of directors may determine; and     

shareholders must give advance notice to nominate directors or to submit proposals for consideration at shareholders  meetings.     

 Any provision in our articles, by-laws, under the CBCA or under any applicable Canadian securities law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our shareholders to receive a premium for their common shares, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common shares. 
 U.S. civil liabilities may not be enforceable against us, our directors, or our officers 
 We are governed by the CBCA and our principal place of business is in Canada. Many of our directors and officers reside outside of the U.S., and all or a substantial portion of their assets as well as all or a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the U.S. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the U.S. upon us and such directors and officers or to enforce judgments obtained against us or such persons, in U.S. courts, in any action, including actions predicated upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws or any other laws of the U.S. Additionally, rights predicated solely upon civil liability provisions of U.S. federal securities laws or any other laws of the U.S. may not be enforceable in original actions, or actions to enforce judgments obtained in U.S. courts, brought in Canadian courts, including courts in the Province of British Columbia. 
   
 -51- 

We are governed by the corporate laws of Can  ada which in some cases have a different effect on shareholders than the corporate laws of Delaware, U.S.  
 We are governed by the CBCA and other relevant laws, which may affect the rights of shareholders differently than those of a company governed by the laws of a U.S. jurisdiction, and may, together with our charter documents, have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of our company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or may affect the price an acquiring party would be willing to offer in such an instance. The material differences between the CBCA and Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, that may have the greatest such effect include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) for material corporate transactions (such as mergers and amalgamations, other extraordinary corporate transactions or amendments to our articles) the CBCA generally requires a two-thirds majority vote by shareholders, whereas DGCL generally only requires a majority vote; and (ii) under the CBCA a holder of 5% or more of our common shares can requisition a special meeting of shareholders, whereas such right does not exist under the DGCL. 
 An active trading market for our common shares may not be maintained. 
 Our common shares are currently traded on NASDAQ, but we can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain an active trading market on NASDAQ or any other exchange in the future. If an active market for our common shares is not maintained, it may be difficult for our shareholders to sell the common shares they have purchased without depressing the market price for the common shares or at all. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling additional common shares and may impair our ability to enter into strategic collaborations or acquire companies or products by using our common shares as consideration. 
 Complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies will increase our costs and the demands on management and could harm our operating results and our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common shares. 
 As a public company, and particularly after we cease to be an  emerging growth company,  we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the related rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, the applicable Canadian securities regulators and NASDAQ impose numerous requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. Also, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. We anticipate that we may need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge to address the added burdens of operating as a public company. Our management and other personnel have and will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these laws and regulations. These requirements have increased and will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs and have made and will continue to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations make it difficult and expensive for us to maintain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. These rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or our board committees or as executive officers. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting annually and the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures quarterly. In particular, Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, requires us to perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm potentially to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. As an  emerging growth company  we expect to avail ourselves of the exemption from the requirement that our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404. However, we may no longer avail ourselves of this exemption when we cease to be an  emerging growth company.  When our independent registered public accounting firm is required to undertake an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, the cost of our compliance with Section 404 will correspondingly increase. Our compliance with applicable provisions of Section 404 will require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management time on compliance-related issues as we implement additional corporate governance practices and comply with reporting requirements. Moreover, if we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 applicable to us in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our common shares could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 
   
 -52- 

Furthermore, investor perceptions of our company may suffer if deficiencies are found, and this could cause a decline in the market price of   our common shares. Irrespective of compliance with Section 404, any failure of our internal control over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our stated operating results and harm our reputation. If we are unable to implement these   requirements effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial reporting, or financial results and could result in an adverse opinion on our internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm.  
 We are an  emerging growth company,  and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common shares less attractive to investors. 
 We are an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an  emerging growth company,  we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies,  including, but not limited to, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an  emerging growth company  for up to five years following the completion of our initial public offering, although, if we have more than $1.0 billion in annual revenue, if the market value of our common shares held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of June 30 of any year, or we issue more than $1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period before the end of that five-year period, we would cease to be an  emerging growth company  as of the following December 31. Investors could find our common shares less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common shares less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common shares and our common share price may be more volatile. 
 As an  emerging growth company,  the JOBS Act allows us to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. However, we previously decided to  opt out  of such extended transition period, and as a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, shareholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common shares. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common shares. 
 We are required to disclose changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management is required to assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. However, for as long as we are an  emerging growth company  under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. In addition, our management did not perform an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 or December 31, 2013 and our independent registered public accounting firm did not perform an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting during any period in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Had we and our independent registered public accounting firm performed such an evaluation, control deficiencies may have been identified by management or our independent registered public accounting firm, and those control deficiencies could have also represented one or more material weaknesses. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 
   
 -53- 

Future sales and issuances of our common shares or rights to purchase common shares, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, could cause you to inc  ur dilution and could cause our common share price to fall.  
 As of September 30, 2016, options to purchase 1,958,953 of our common shares with a weighted-average exercise price of $7.26 per common share were outstanding. The exercise of any of these options would result in dilution to current shareholders. Further, because we will need to raise additional capital to fund our clinical development programs, we may in the future sell substantial amounts of common shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common shares. Pursuant to our equity incentive plans, our compensation committee (or a subset thereof) is authorized to grant equity-based incentive awards to our employees, directors and consultants. Future option grants and issuances of common shares under our share-based compensation plans may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common shares. 
 These future issuances of common shares or common share-related securities, together with the exercise of outstanding options and any additional common shares issued in connection with acquisitions, if any, may result in further dilution to our existing shareholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common shares. 
 We are at risk of securities class action litigation. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 
 NASDAQ may delist our securities from its exchange, which could limit investors  ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 Our common shares are listed on NASDAQ under the trading symbol  XENE.  Our securities may fail to meet the continued listing requirements to be listed on NASDAQ. If NASDAQ delists our common shares from trading on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

significant impairment of the liquidity for our common shares, which may substantially decrease the trading price of our common shares;     

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;     

a determination that our common shares qualify as a  penny stock  which will require brokers trading in our common shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common shares;     

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and     

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.     

 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse opinion about our business, our common share price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common shares is influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If too few securities or industry analysts cover our company, the trading price for our common shares would likely be negatively impacted. If securities and industry analysts who cover us downgrade our common shares or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common share price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common shares could decrease, which might cause our common share price and trading volume to decline. 
   
 -54- 

Our management team has broad discretion as to the use of t  he net proceeds from our September 2016 public offering of common shares and the investment of these proceeds may not yield a favorable return. We may invest the proceeds in ways with which our shareholders disagree.  
 We have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds to us from our September 2016 public offering of common shares. You may not agree with our decisions, and our use of the proceeds and our existing cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities may not improve our results of operation or enhance the value of our common shares. The results and effectiveness of the use of proceeds are uncertain, and we could spend the proceeds in ways that you do not agree with or that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our common shares. Our failure to apply these funds effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, delay the development of our product candidates and cause the price of our common shares to decline. In addition, until the net proceeds are used, they may be placed in investments that do not produce significant income or that may lose value. 
 We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable future. 
 We do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common shares may be investors  sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

-55- 

Item 6. E  xhibits  
 (a) Exhibits. 

Exhibit  

Number  

Description  

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).  

31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).  

32.1*  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350.  

32.2*  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350.  

101  

The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) Statements of Cash Flows, (ii) Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, (iii) Balance Sheets, and (iv) Notes to Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags.  

*   
 
 The Certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.    

-56- 

SIGNA  TURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 3, 2016 

XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  

By:  
 
    /s/ Simon Pimstone   

Simon Pimstone  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016 

XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC.  

By:  
 
    /s/ Ian Mortimer   

Ian Mortimer  

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Secretary  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

-57- 

EXHIBIT   INDEX  

Exhibit  

Number  

Description  

31.1  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).  

31.2  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a).  

32.1*  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350.  

32.2*  

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350.  

101  

The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) Statements of Cash Flows, (ii) Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, (iii) Balance Sheets, and (iv) Notes to Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags.  

*   
 
 The Certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.    

-58-  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 xene-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

xene-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Simon Pimstone, certify that: 

1.  
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc.;  

2.  
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

a)  
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)  
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)  
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)  
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)  
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)  
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Simon Pimstone  

Simon Pimstone  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 xene-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

xene-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Ian Mortimer, certify that: 

1.  
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc.;  

2.  
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3.  
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.  
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) for the registrant and have:  

a)  
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)  
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c)  
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)  
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.  
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)  
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b)  
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Ian Mortimer  

Ian Mortimer  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 xene-ex321_6.htm
 EX-32.1

xene-ex321_6.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
   XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Simon Pimstone, President and Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)  of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1)  
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)  
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Simon Pimstone  

Simon Pimstone  

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 xene-ex322_9.htm
 EX-32.2

xene-ex322_9.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
   XENON PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ian Mortimer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1)  
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)  
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Ian Mortimer  

Ian Mortimer  

Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 This certification accompanies the Report to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 xene-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 xene-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 xene-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 xene-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 xene-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 xene-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

