<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1398797_0001144204-16-133297_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3844228</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>78139</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>219297</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>876845</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1807987</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>793750</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>46</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133297.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110161649
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133297
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Point.360
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001398797
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ALLIED TO MOTION PICTURE PRODUCTION [7819]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33468
		FILM NUMBER:		161988251

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 MEDIA CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-565-1400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 MEDIA CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90065

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New 360
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133297.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v452308_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM
10-Q  

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 

For the transition period from            to

Commission file number   001-33468   

Point.360 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

(818) 565-1400 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)  

(Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year,  

if Changed Since Last Report)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

Yes              No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes              No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer       

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes              No 

As of September 30, 2016, there were 12,740,506
shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

POINT.360  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (in thousands)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

POINT.360  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS 

  (Unaudited)  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

POINT.360  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

Selected cash payments and non-cash
activities were as follows (in thousands): 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Point.360 

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements (unaudited)  

  September 30, 2016  

Note 1   THE COMPANY  

Point.360 and subsidiaries
(the  Company,   we  or  our ) provides high definition and standard definition digital mastering,
data conversion, video and film asset management, distribution and other services to owners, producers and distributors of entertainment
and advertising content. The Company provides the services necessary to edit, master, reformat, convert, archive and ultimately
distribute its clients  film and video content, including television programming feature films and movie trailers. The Company s
interconnected facilities provide service coverage to all major U.S. media centers. Clients include major motion picture studios
and independent producers. The Company also rents and sells DVDs directly to consumers through its Movie Q retail stores. 

In July 2015, the Company
completed the purchase of assets formerly owned by Modern VideoFilm, Inc. by issuing shares of its common stock and warrants to
purchase shares of the Company s common stock. As a result of the transaction, the Company added post-production service
capabilities and expanded its client base comprising major studios, broadcast networks, cable outlets, streaming media companies,
independent producers and others. 

The Company operates
in two business segments from three post production and three Movie Q locations. Each post production location is electronically
tied to the others and serves the same customer base. Depending on the location size, the production equipment consists of tape
duplication, editing, encoding, standards conversion, and other machinery. Each location employs personnel with the skills required
to efficiently run the equipment and handle customer requirements. While all locations are not exactly the same, an order received
at one location may be fulfilled at one or more  sister  facilities to use resources in the most efficient manner. 

Typically, a feature
film or television show or related material will be submitted to a facility by a motion picture studio, independent producer, advertising
agency, or corporation for processing and distribution. A common sales force markets the Company s capabilities for all facilities.
Once an order is received, the local customer service representative determines the most cost-effective way to perform the services
considering geographical logistics and facility capabilities. 

In fiscal 2010, the
Company purchased assets and intellectual property for a research and development project to address the viability of the DVD rental
business being abandoned by the closure of Movie Gallery/Hollywood Video and Blockbuster stores. The DVD rental market consists
principally of online services (Netflix), vending machines (Redbox) and other video stores. 

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had two Movie Q stores in Southern California. The stores employ an automated inventory management ( AIM )
system in a 1,200-1,600 square foot facility. By saving space and personnel costs which caused the big box stores to be uncompetitive
with lower priced online and vending machine rental alternatives, Movie Q can offer up to 10,000 unit selections to a customer
at competitive rental rates. Movie Q provides online reservations, an in-store destination experience, first run movie titles
and a large unit selection (as opposed to 400-700 for a Redbox vending machine). Movie Q provides the Company with a content
distribution capability complimentary to the Company s post production business. 

The accompanying unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts and transactions of the Company, including those of the Company s
subsidiaries. The statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America and by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and regulations for reporting interim financial statements
and footnotes. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary
for a fair presentation have been included. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements. Operating results for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the
results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2017. These financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the financial statements and related notes contained in the Company s Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2016. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share  

A reconciliation of
the denominator of the basic earnings per share ( EPS ) computation to the denominator of the diluted EPS computation
is as follows (in thousands): 

Three Months  Ended  September 30,       
     Three Months  Ended  September 30,     

2015       
     2016     
 
     Pro forma weighted average of number of shares    

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in computation of basic EPS    
        12,341       
        12,677     
 
     Dilutive effect of outstanding stock options    
        449       
        -     
 
     Weighted average number of common and potential Common shares outstanding used in computation of Diluted EPS    
        12,790       
        12,677     
 
     Effect of dilutive options excluded in the computation of diluted EPS due to net loss    
        -       
        206     

The weighted average
number of common shares outstanding was the same amount for both basic and diluted loss per share in the three month period ended
September 30, 2016. The effect of potentially dilutive securities for September 30, 2016 was excluded from the computation of diluted
earnings per share because the Company reported a net loss, and the effect of inclusion would be anti-dilutive (i.e., including
such securities would result in a higher earnings per share, or lower loss per share, respectively). There were 2,984,910 and 2,948,725
potentially dilutive shares at September 30, 2015 and 2016, respectively. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The Company follows
a framework for consistently measuring fair value under generally accepted accounting principles, and the disclosures of fair value
measurements. The framework provides a fair value hierarchy to classify the source of the information.   

The fair value hierarchy
is based on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may be used
to measure fair value and include the following: 

Level 1   Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2   Inputs other
than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted
prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for
substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3   Unobservable
inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

Cash, the only Level
1 input applicable to the Company (there are no Level 2 or 3 inputs), is stated on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at
fair value.  

As of September 30,
2016 the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current
liabilities approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of such instruments. The carrying value of capital lease obligations,
notes payable and other long-term liabilities approximates fair value as the related interest rates approximate rates currently
available to the Company. 

NOTE 2 - ACQUISITION OF ASSETS OF
MODERN VIDEOFILM, INC.  

On July 8, 2015, Point.360
entered into a Sale Agreement Pursuant to Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code (the  Sale Agreement ) in a foreclosure
sale pursuant to which Point.360 acquired certain assets of Modern VideoFilm, Inc. ( MVF ) including, but not limited
to, MVF's equipment, inventory, and accounts receivable, in a private sale conducted under applicable provisions of the New York
Uniform Commercial Code, and assumed no debts, obligations or liabilities except for agreeing to pay a portion of the rent for
each facility of MVF to its landlord on a per diem basis based on the number of days post-closing, if any, that we occupy such
facility to complete the relocation of certain acquired assets, and paid time off owed to former MVF employees employed by the
Company in connection with the closing to the extent (i) accrued and unused as of the closing, and (ii) such employees have not
requested such paid time off to be paid by MVF. 

As consideration for
the assets described in the preceding paragraph, we issued 2,000,000 shares of our common stock, and five-year warrants to purchase
an aggregate of 800,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $0.75 per share. We also issued to Medley Capital Corporation
and Medley Opportunity Fund II LP (the  Lenders ) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 500,000 shares of our common
stock under the same terms as in the previous sentence in consideration for the Term Loan Agreement described below. 

In connection with
the Acquisition, on July 8, 2015, the Company entered into a Term Loan Agreement (the  Loan Agreement ) with the Lenders.
The Loan Agreement is comprised of a five-year term loan facility in the amount of $6.0 million, $1.0 million of which was funded
on the July 8, 2015 closing date. Under the Loan Agreement, we may request one or more additional advances in an aggregate amount
not to exceed the remaining $5.0 million, until the third anniversary of the closing date. The fair value assigned to the common
stock and warrants issued as consideration for the purchase of assets and the Term Loan was $1,417,000 and $165,000, respectively.
The fair value of the consideration for the Term Loan was recorded as a reduction in the total amount of the Term Loan, and will
be amortized over the five-year life of the Term Loan. 

The condensed consolidated
balance sheet reflects the allocation by Point.360 management of the MVF purchase price to identifiable tangible and intangible
assets and liabilities acquired, and a credit to retained earnings for $6.8 million representing the difference between (x) the
aggregate fair values assigned to the tangible and intangible assets acquired (less liabilities assumed), and (y) the fair value
of the common shares and warrants given as consideration for the purchase (see table below). The excess of the net asset value
purchased over the purchase price has been recorded as other income in the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Under the acquisition
method of accounting, the total estimated purchase price is allocated to MVF s tangible and intangible assets and liabilities
based on their estimated fair values at the date of the purchase date. The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase
price for MVF: 

ASC 805 requires that
when fair value of the net assets acquired exceeds the purchase price, resulting in a bargain purchase of assets, the acquirer
must reassess the reasonableness of the values assigned to all of the net assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration
transferred. The Company performed such assessment and concluded that the values assigned for the acquisition are reasonable. The
gain on bargain purchase was primarily attributable to the fact that this was a foreclosure sale. 

NOTE 3 - NOTES PAYABLE AND CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS  

In August and September
of 2012 (subsequently modified on December 18, 2013, September 5, 2014, and January 27, 2015), the Company entered into revolving
credit, equipment financing and two mortgage agreements with a bank, as follows: 

Revolving Credit Facility .
The revolving credit facility previously provided up to $2 million of credit. The revolving credit agreement was canceled by the
bank in December 2014 due to the Company s failure to meet minimum financial covenant requirements described below. 

Equipment Financing Facility .
The equipment financing facility previously provided up to $1.25 million of financing for the cost of new and already-owned or
leased equipment. All amounts due under the facility (approximately $0.2 million) were paid off in February 2015. 

Hollywood Way and Vine Street
Mortgages . The Company entered into two real estate term loan agreements with respect to its Hollywood Way and Vine Street
locations for $5.5 million and $3.1 million, respectively. The Vine mortgage was paid off upon sale of the building in June 2014.
The remaining Hollywood Way loan provided for interest at Libor plus 3% (3.53% as of September 30, 2016). Repayment is based on
monthly payments with a 25-year amortization, with all principal due in 10 years. The real estate loan is secured by a first trust
deed on the property. As of September 30, 2016, the Company owed approximately $4.6 million under the mortgage. The Hollywood Way
mortgage was paid off upon sale of the building in October 2016 (see note 11.). 

Amounts due under the
mortgage were secured by the related real estate. Until January 27, 2015, while amounts were outstanding under the credit arrangements
described above, the Company was subject to minimum tangible net worth (TNW), EBITDA, and fixed charge ratio financial covenants.
See below for changes in the covenant requirements occurring on that date. 

As of September 30,
2014 the Company did not meet the TNW, the minimum quarterly EBITDA, and the minimum quarterly and TTM fixed charge ratio covenants.
Availability under the revolving credit facility was canceled in December 2014. On January 27, 2015, the bank waived the Company s
breach of financial covenants as of September 30, 2014. Concurrently, the bank eliminated the previously mentioned financial covenant
requirements effective with the quarter ended December 31, 2014 and imposed a new covenant requiring that, effective June 30, 2015,
the Company shall maintain a ratio of EBITDA (as defined) to the sum of interest expense and the current portion of long term debt
of not less than 1.0 to 1, to be measured semi-annually. EBITDA and interest expense will be measured at the end of each calendar
half-year on the basis of the preceding twelve months. On June 30, 2016, the Company did not meet the new fixed charge ratio covenant. 

In July 2016, the Company
entered into a three-year credit agreement which, as amended in September 2016, provided for $4 million of borrowings based on
85% of acceptable accounts receivable as defined. The loan and security agreement as amended provided for interest at prime rate
plus 1.0% (4.50% as of September 30, 2016). In addition, the Company will pay a monthly  collateral management  fee
of 0.55% of the outstanding daily loan balance (an equivalent annual fee of 6.6%), and an annual commitment fee of 0.5% and 0.4%
of the commitment on the first and second anniversary dates, respectively. Amounts outstanding under the agreement are secured
by all of the Company s personal property. As of September 30, 2016, the Company owed $3.1 million under the credit agreement. 

Due to the Company s
failure to meet financial covenants, the balance owed for the mortgage debt has been classified as a current liability in the condensed
consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. The mortgage was paid off upon sale of the building in October 2016. 

In connection with
the purchase of the assets of Modern VideoFilm, Inc. on July 8, 2015, the Company entered into a Term Loan Agreement (the  Loan
Agreement ) with the Lenders. The Loan Agreement is comprised of a five-year term loan facility in the amount of $6,000,000,
$1,000,000 of which was funded on the July 8, 2015 closing date. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had borrowed the $6,000,000
under the Loan Agreement. 

We must pay monthly
interest in arrears on the unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan at a rate per annum equal to three-month LIBOR plus 6.00%
(6.85% as of September 30, 2016). At the Company's election, interest may be paid as payment in kind ( PIK ) by adding
such accrued interest to the unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company
elected the PIK method which increased the total amount outstanding under the Term Loan by $104,000. The outstanding principal
balance and all accrued and unpaid interest on the Term Loan are due and payable on July 8, 2020. We may voluntarily prepay outstanding
Term Loan from time to time in whole or in part without penalty or premium.  

Annual maturities for debt under term note
and capital lease obligations as of September 30, 2016 are as follows (excluding the mortgage loan which was paid off in October
2016): 

NOTE 4- PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

In March 2006, the
Company entered into a sale and leaseback transaction with respect to its Media Center real estate. The real estate was sold for
approximately $14.0 million resulting in a $1.3 million after tax gain. In accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification
(ASC) 840-40, the gain will be amortized over the initial 15-year lease term as reduced rent. Net proceeds at the closing of the
sale were used to pay off the mortgage and other outstanding debt. A $250,000 security deposit related to the lease has been recorded
as a deposit in  other assets, net  in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2016 and September
30, 2016. 

The lease is treated
as an operating lease for financial reporting purposes. After the initial lease term, the Company has four five-year options to
extend the lease. Minimum annual rent payments for the initial five years of the lease were $1,111,000, increasing annually thereafter
based on the Consumer Price Index change from year to year.  

In June 2011, the Company
entered into a lease amendment with respect to the Company s Media Center facility. The amendment provided that the landlord
would reimburse the Company up to $2 million for the leasehold improvements to be made by the Company to the premises. The leasehold
improvements would be recorded as a fixed asset and amortized over the remaining term of the lease (until March 2021). Pursuant
to the lease amendment, the Company s monthly lease costs increased by approximately $27,000 on April 1, 2012. The Company
incurred $2.1 million of costs for construction, of which $2.0 million was reimbursed by the landlord. A deferred lease incentive
has been recorded for the total amount reimbursed by the landlord in accordance with ASC 840-20. The lease incentive is being amortized
over the remaining lease term as an offset to rent. 

Property and equipment consist of the following
as of September 30, 2016: 

NOTE 5- COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

From   time to
time, the Company may become a party to legal actions and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business, although it is
not currently involved in any such legal proceedings. 

NOTE 6- INCOME TAXES  

The Company reviewed
its Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 740-10 documentation for the periods through September 30, 2016 to ascertain
if any changes should be made with respect to tax positions previously taken. In addition, the Company reviewed its income tax
reporting through September 30, 2016. Based on Company s review of its tax positions as of September 30, 2016, no new uncertain
tax positions have been identified; nor has new information become available that would change management s judgment with
respect to tax positions previously taken. 

During the three months
ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded a deferred tax benefit in the amount of $2.7 million equal to the Company s
effective federal and state tax rate (approximately 40%) times the $6.8 million gain recorded in connection with the purchase of
MVF s assets. For financial statement purposes, the MVF purchase transaction was a bargain purchase. Therefore, the assets
were recorded at their fair value determined under ASC 805, and the bargain element of the transaction was recorded as other income
(ASC 805-30-25-2). The differences between the book and tax bases of the net assets acquired result in the recognition of deferred
tax liabilities of $2.7 million ($6.8 million x 40% tax rate). The amount of the deferred tax benefit was recorded as a reduction
of the $6.8 million gain on the statement of operations. 

As of September 30,
2016, the Company had no net deferred tax assets because future realizability of such benefit was not considered to be more likely
than not. 

The ASC prescribes
a recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and provides guidance on derecognition
of tax benefits, classification on the balance sheet, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. 

The Company files income
tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various state jurisdictions. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject
to U.S. federal state or local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2008. The Company has analyzed its filing
positions in all of the federal and state jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns. 

The Company s
provision for, or benefit from, income taxes has been determined as if the Company filed income tax returns on a stand-alone basis. 

NOTE 7- STOCK OPTION PLAN, STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION  

In May 2007, the Board
of Directors approved the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2007 Plan ). The 2007 Plan provides for the award of options
to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares of common stock, appreciation rights and restricted stock awards. 

In November 2010, the
shareholders approved the 2010 Incentive Plan (the  2010 Plan ). The 2010 Plan provides for the award of options to
purchase up to 4,000,000 shares of common stock, appreciation rights and restricted stock and performance awards. 

Under the 2007 and
2010 Plans, the stock option price per share for options granted is determined by the Board of Directors and is based on the market
price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, and each option is exercisable within the period and in the increments
as determined by the Board, except that no option can be exercised later than ten years from the grant date. The stock options
generally vest in one to five years. 

The Company measures
and recognizes compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors based on estimated fair
values. We also estimate the fair value of the award that is ultimately expected to vest to be recognized as expense over the requisite
service periods in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

We estimate the fair
value of share-based payment awards to employees and directors on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. The value of
the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods in the
Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the three month period ended September 30, 2016 included compensation expense for the share-based
payment awards based on the grant date fair value. For stock-based awards issued to employees and directors, stock-based compensation
is attributed to expense using the straight-line single option method. As stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the periods reported in this Form 10-Q is based on awards expected to vest, forfeitures
are also estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those
estimates. For the period being reported in this Form 10-Q, expected forfeitures are immaterial. The Company will re-assess the
impact of forfeitures if actual forfeitures increase in future quarters. Stock-based compensation expense related to employee or
director stock options recognized for the three month periods ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 was as follows: 

The Company s
determination of fair value of share-based payment awards to employees and directors on the date of grant uses the Black-Scholes
model, which is affected by the Company s stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of complex and subjective
variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the awards,
and actual and projected employee stock options exercise behaviors. The Company estimates expected volatility using historical
data. The expected term is estimated using the  safe harbor  provisions provided by the SEC. 

During the three month
period ended September 30, 2016 the Company granted awards of 130,000 stock options at an exercise price of $0.60 per share. 

The
following table summarizes the status of the 2007 and 2010 Plans as of September 30, 2016:  

Transactions
involving stock options are summarized as follows:  

As of September 30,
2016, the total compensation costs related to non-vested awards yet to be expensed was approximately $0.7 million to be amortized
over the next four years. 

The weighted average
exercise prices for options granted and exercisable and the weighted average remaining contractual life for options outstanding
as of September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

The aggregate intrinsic
value in the table above is the sum of the amounts by which the quoted market price of the Company s common stock exceeded
the exercise price of the options at September 30, 2016, for those options for which the quoted market price was in excess of the
exercise price. 

Additional information
with respect to outstanding options as of September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

In addition to the
above 2007 and 2010 Plans, the Company issued 10,000 shares of restricted stock during fiscal year ended June 30, 2010 with a weighted
average fair value of $0.58 per share. 

We use the detailed
method provided in ASC 718 for calculating the beginning balance of the additional paid-in capital pool (APIC pool) related to
the tax effects of employee stock-based compensation, and to determine the subsequent impact on the APIC pool and the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of the tax effects of employee stock-based compensation awards that are outstanding upon
adoption of ASC 718. 

NOTE 8- STOCK RIGHTS PLAN 

In
July 2007, the Company implemented a stock rights program. Pursuant to the program, stockholders of record on August 7, 2007, received
a dividend of one right to purchase for $10 one one-hundredth of a share of a newly created Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock. The rights are attached to the Company s Common Stock and will also become attached to shares issued subsequent to
August 7, 2007. The rights will not be traded separately and will not become exercisable until the occurrence of a triggering event,
defined as an accumulation by a single person or group of 20% or more of the Company s Common Stock. The rights will expire
on August 6, 2017 and are redeemable at $0.0001 per right.  

After
a triggering event, the rights will detach from the Common Stock. If the Company is then merged into, or is acquired by, another
corporation, the Company has the opportunity to either (i) redeem the rights or (ii) permit the rights holder to receive in the
merger stock of the Company or the acquiring company equal to two times the exercise price of the right (i.e., $20). In the latter
instance, the rights attached to the acquirer s stock become null and void. The effect of the rights program is to make a
potential acquisition of the Company more expensive for the acquirer if, in the opinion of the Company s Board of Directors,
the offer is inadequate.  

No
triggering events occurred in the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

NOTE 9- SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY  

The
following table analyzes the components of shareholders  equity from June 30, 2016 to September 30, 2016 (in thousands):  

NOTE 10- STOCK REPURCHASE PLAN   

In
February 2008, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program. Under the stock repurchase program,
the Company may purchase outstanding shares of its common stock on the open market at such times and prices determined in the sole
discretion of management. No shares were acquired pursuant to the repurchase program during the three months ended September 30,
2016.  

NOTE 11- SUBSEQUENT EVENT  

On
October 11, 2016, Point.360 (the  Company ) sold to HWAY LLC, a California limited liability company ( HWAY ),
all of its right, title and interest in and to certain land and improvements located at 1122 and 1133 North Hollywood Way, Burbank,
CA (the  Property ) pursuant to a Standard Offer, Agreement and Escrow Instructions for Purchase of Real Estate (the
 Purchase Agreement ). Concurrently, the Company leased the Property from HWAY pursuant to a Standard Industrial/Commercial
Single-Tenant Lease (the  Lease Agreement , and together with the Purchase Agreement, the  Sale and Leaseback ).
Haig Bagerdjian, Chief Executive Officer , director and majority shareholder of the Company, holds a 99% membership interest in
HWAY.  

Pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement, the Company sold the Property to HWAY for a purchase price of $9.8 million in cash (the  Purchase Price ).
The Company received approximately $4.8 million in cash after payment of approximately $4.6 million to Bank of the West in full
payment of indebtedness secured by a first lien mortgage on the Property, approximately $0.3 million paid to HWAY for a security
deposit and rent under the Lease Agreement, and other closing costs. 

Under
the Lease Agreement, the Company will continue to occupy the Property consisting of 31,259 square feet in a two-story office building
with a basement and a 3,732 square foot parking lot (the  Lease ). The Lease is for an initial term of 11 years, commencing
on October 11, 2016 (the  Commencement Date ). The Lease may be extended for two five-year option periods; however
such options may not be exercised if (i) the Company is sold to another person, or (ii) if Mr. Bagerdjian and/or his affiliates
cease to be a controlling shareholder of the Company. The term of the Lease expires on October 31, 2027, unless it is extended
under the Company s option rights. Beginning with the Commencement Date, the monthly base rent under the Lease will be $65,644
which base rent is subject to an annual increase of 3%. The Company is responsible for paying utilities, operating expenses and
real estate taxes for the Property.  

NOTE 12- SEGMENT INFORMATION   

In
its operation of the business, management reviews certain financial information, including segmented internal profit and loss statements
prepared on a basis consistent with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our two segments are Point.360 and Movie Q.
The two segments discussed in this analysis are presented in the way we internally managed and monitored performance for the three
month periods ended September 30, 2015 and 2016. Allocations for internal resources were made for the periods. The Movie Q segment
tracks certain assets separately, and all others are recorded in the Point.360 segment for internal reporting presentations. Cash
was not segregated between the two segments but retained in the Point.360 segment.  

The types of services provided by each
segment are summarized below: 

Point.360  
 The Point.360 segment provides high definition and standard definition digital mastering, data conversion, video and film asset
management and other services to owners, producers and distributors of entertainment and advertising content. Point.360 provides
the services necessary to edit, master, reformat, convert, archive and ultimately distribute its clients  film and video
content, including television programming feature films and movie trailers. The segment s interconnected facilities provide
service coverage to all major U.S. media centers. Clients include major motion picture studios and independent producers. 

Movie Q  
 The Movie Q segment rents and sells DVDs directly to consumers though its retail stores. The stores employ an automated
inventory management ( AIM ) system in a 1,200-1,600 square foot facility. By saving space and personnel costs which
caused the big box stores to be uncompetitive with lower priced online and vending machine rental alternatives, Movie Q can
offer up to 10,000 unit selections to a customer at competitive rental rates. Movie Q provides online reservations, an in-store
destination experience, first run movie and game titles and a large unit selection. 

Segment revenues, operating loss and total
assets were as follows (in thousands): 

ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Except for the historical
information contained herein, certain statements in this quarterly report are  forward-looking statements  as defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which involve certain risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual
results to differ materially from those discussed herein, including but not limited to competition, customer and industry concentration,
depending on technological developments, risks related to expansion, dependence on key personnel, fluctuating results and seasonality
and control by management. See the relevant portions of the Company's documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
including the Risk Factors section of the Company s most recent annual report on Form 10-K, and Risk Factors in Item 1A of
Part II of this Form 10-Q, for a further discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties applicable to the Company's business .   

Overview  

Point.360 is one of the
largest providers of video and film asset management services to owners, producers and distributors of entertainment content. We
provide the post production services necessary to edit, master, reformat and archive our clients  film and video content,
including television programming, feature films and movie trailers using electronic and physical means. Clients include major motion
picture studios and independent producers. The Company also rents and sells DVDs and video games directly to consumers through
its Movie Q retail stores. 

We operate in a highly
competitive environment in which customers desire a broad range of services at a reasonable price. There are many competitors offering
some or all of the services provided by us. Additionally, some of our customers are large studios, which also have in-house capabilities
that may influence the amount of work outsourced to companies like Point.360. We attract and retain customers by maintaining a
high service level at reasonable prices. 

The market for our services
is primarily dependent on our customers  desire and ability to monetize their entertainment content. The major studios derive
revenues from re-releases and/or syndication of motion pictures and television content. While the size of this market is not quantifiable,
we believe studios will continue to repurpose library content to augment uncertain revenues from new releases. Uncertain economic
conditions can negatively impact the ability and willingness of independent producers to create new content. 

The demand for entertainment
content should continue to expand through web-based applications. We believe long and short form content will be sought by users
of personal computers, hand-held devices and home entertainment technology. Additionally, changing formats from standard definition,
to high definition, to Blu-Ray and perhaps to 3D will continue to give us the opportunity to provide new services with respect
to library content. 

To meet these needs, we
must be prepared to invest in technology and equipment, and attract the talent needed to serve our client needs. Labor, facility
and depreciation expenses constitute a majority of our costs. Our goals include maximizing facility and labor usage, and maintaining
sufficient cash flow for capital expenditures and acquisitions of complementary businesses to enhance our service offerings. 

We have an opportunity
to expand our business by establishing closer relationships with our customers through excellent service at a competitive price
and adding to our service offering. Our success is also dependent on attracting and maintaining employees capable of maintaining
such relationships. Also, growth can be achieved by acquiring similar businesses that can increase revenues by adding new customers,
or expanding current services to existing customers. For example, in July 2015, we completed the purchase of assets formerly owned
by Modern VideoFilm, Inc. ( MVF ). As the result of the transaction, the Company added post-production service capabilities
and expanded its client base comprising major studios, broadcast networks, cable outlets, streaming media companies, independent
producers and others. 

Our business generally
involves the immediate servicing needs of our customers. Most orders are fulfilled within several days, with occasional larger
orders spanning weeks or months. At any particular time, we have little firm backlog. 

We believe that our interconnected
facilities provide the ability to better service customers than single-location competitors. We will look to expand both our service
offering and geographical presence through acquisition of other businesses or opening additional facilities. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months
Ended September 30, 2015 

Revenues . Revenues
were $8.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $10.8 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. Sales decreased $2.8 million principally due to decline in feature and TV post work associated with the renovation of
our facilities and the elimination of MVF s Santa Monica facility at the end of the prior year quarter. There is a risk that
negative sales fluctuations may occur in the future for customers with larger project-based orders depending on the size of the
order and the length of time needed to perform the required services. Additionally, sales to continuing MVF customers may be negatively
impacted due to employee turnover and customer reaction to facility changes and ongoing transition activities resulting from the
MVF transaction. We continue to have excellent relations with our major customers. 

Cost of Services. 
Costs of services consist principally of wages and benefits, facility costs and depreciation of physical assets. During the three
months ended September 30, 2016, total costs of services decreased $1.2 million ($1.2 million due to lower MVF wages and benefits
and facility costs), and were 80% of sales compared to 71% in the prior year. In the current period, depreciation costs increased
$0.1 million due to the addition of MVF assets. 

Gross Profit . In
the three months ended September 30, 2016, gross margin was 20% of sales, compared to 29% for the same period last year. The decrease
in gross profit percentage is due to the factors cited above. From time to time, we will increase or decrease staff capabilities
to satisfy potential customer service demand. We expect gross margins to fluctuate in the future as the sales mix changes. 

Selling, General and
Administrative Expense.  SG A expense was $4.0 million (50% of sales) in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to $4.6 million (43% of sales) in the same period last year. SG A for the three month period ended September 30, 2015 included
approximately $0.3 million of legal, accounting and other expenses related to the MVF purchase transaction. 

Operating Loss.  Operating
loss was $2.3 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 period compared to a $1.5 million loss in the same period last
year. 

Interest Expense .
Net interest expense was $0.2 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.1 in the prior year period. The
increase was due to interest associated with additional term loan and line of credit borrowings. 

Other Income.  Other
income in both periods includes sublease income. Other income in the three months ended September 30, 2015 also includes $4.1 million
representing the difference between (x) the aggregate fair values assigned to the tangible and intangible MVF assets acquired (less
liabilities assumed), and (y) the fair value of the common shares and the warrants given as consideration for the purchase. 

Income Taxes.  During
the quarter ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded a deferred income tax benefit in the amount of $2.7 million related
to the MVF assets acquired.    

Net Income (Loss).  The net loss in the
three months ended September 30, 2016 was $2.3 million, compared to net income of $5.4 million in the prior year period. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

In August and September of 2012 (subsequently
modified on December 18, 2013, September 5, 2014, and January 27, 2015), the Company entered into revolving credit, equipment financing
and two mortgage agreements with a bank, as follows: 

Revolving Credit Facility .
The revolving credit facility previously provided up to $2 million of credit. The revolving credit agreement was canceled by the
bank in December 2014 due to the Company s failure to meet minimum financial covenant requirements described below. 

Equipment Financing Facility .
The equipment financing facility previously provided up to $1.25 million of financing for the cost of new and already-owned or
leased equipment. All amounts due under the facility (approximately $0.2 million) were paid off in February 2015. 

Hollywood
Way and Vine Street Mortgages . The Company entered into two real estate term loan agreements with respect to its Hollywood
Way and Vine Street locations for $5.5 million and $3.1 million, respectively. The Vine mortgage was paid off upon sale of the
building in June 2014. The remaining Hollywood Way mortgage provided for interest at Libor plus 3% (3.52% as of September 30, 2016).
Repayment was based on monthly payments with a 25-year amortization, with all principal due in 10 years. The real estate loan was
secured by a first trust deed on the property. As of September 30, 2016, the Company owed approximately $4.6 million under the
mortgage. The Hollywood Way mortgage was paid off upon sale of the real estate in October 2016. 

In July 2016, the Company entered into a three-year
credit agreement which, as amended in September 2016, provided for $4 million of borrowings based on 85% of acceptable accounts
receivable as defined. The loan and security agreement as amended provided for interest at prime rate plus 1.0% (4.50% as of September
30, 2016). In addition, the Company will pay a monthly  collateral management  fee of 0.55% of the outstanding daily
loan balance (an equivalent annual fee of 6.6%), and an annual commitment fee of 0.5% and 0.4% of the commitment on the first and
second anniversary dates, respectively. Amounts outstanding under the agreement are secured by all of the Company s personal
property. As of September 30, 2016, the Company owed $3.1 million under the credit agreement. 

Due to the Company s
previous failure to meet financial covenants, the balance owed for the mortgage debt has been classified as a current liability
in the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2016. The mortgage was paid off upon sale of the building in October
2016. 

In connection with the
purchase of the assets of Modern VideoFilm, Inc. on July 8, 2015, the Company entered into a Term Loan Agreement (the  Loan
Agreement ) with the Lenders. The Loan Agreement is comprised of a five-year term loan facility in the amount of $6,000,000,
$1,000,000 of which was funded on the July 8, 2015 closing date. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had borrowed the $6,000,000
under the Loan Agreement. 

We must pay monthly interest
in arrears on the unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan at a rate per annum equal to three-month LIBOR plus 6.00% (6.85% as
of September 30, 2016). At the Company's election, interest may be paid as payment in kind ( PIK ) by adding such accrued
interest to the unpaid principal balance of the Term Loan. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company elected the
PIK method which increased the total amount outstanding under the Term Loan by $104,000. The outstanding principal balance and
all accrued and unpaid interest on the Term Loan are due and payable on July 8, 2020. We may voluntarily prepay outstanding Term
Loan from time to time in whole or in part without penalty or premium. 

Amounts Borrowed. 
As of September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding borrowings of $3.1 million of under the revolving credit facility, $0.3 million
of equipment financing, $4.6 million of mortgage debt, and $6.1 million under the Term Loan .  The mortgage was paid off upon
sale of the building in October 2016. 

Monthly and annual principal
and interest payments due under the capital leases and Term Loan balances outstanding as of September 30, 2016 are approximately
$47,000 and $0.6 million, respectively, assuming no change in interest rates. 

The following table summarizes
the September 30, 2016 amounts outstanding under our line of credit, capital lease obligations and mortgage loans (excluding the
mortgage loan which was paid off in October 2016): 

The Company s cash
balance decreased from $49,000 on July 1, 2016 to $40,000 on September 30, 2016, due to the following: 

Cash generated by operating activities is directly dependent upon sales levels and gross margins
achieved. We generally receive payments from customers in 30-90 days after services are performed. The larger payroll and facilities
components of our cost structure must be paid currently. Payment terms of other liabilities vary by vendor and type. Fluctuations
in sales levels will generally affect cash flow negatively or positively in early periods of growth or contraction, respectively,
because of operating cash receipt/payment timing. Other investing and financing cash flows also affect cash availability.   

In fiscal 2016 and 2017, the underlying drivers of operating cash flows (sales, receivable collections,
the timing of vendor payments, facility costs and employment levels) have been consistent. Sales outstanding in accounts receivable
have increased from approximately 57 days to 65 days within the last 12 months. We do not expect days sales outstanding to materially
fluctuate in the future.   

The following table summarizes
contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016 due in the future, excluding the mortgage that was paid off in connection with
the sale of real estate in October 2016, and including the operating lease obligations associated with the lease of the sold real
estate: 

(1)  Interest
on variable rate debt has been computed using the rate on the latest balance sheet date. 

During the past year, the
Company generated sufficient cash flow to meet operating, capital expenditure and debt service needs and its other obligations.
When preparing estimates of future cash flows, we consider historical performance, technological changes, market factors, industry
trends and other criteria. Cash flows from operations were $(1,266,000) and ($2,023,000) for the 3-month periods ended September
30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, respectively. Cash flows from operations will vary from period to period, depending on cash receipts
and payment timing with respect to current assets and current liabilities. The sale/leaseback of real estate in October 2016 generated
additional working capital to support the Company s cash needs in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2017. 

We occasionally consider
the acquisition of businesses which complement our current operations and possible real estate transactions. Consummation of any
acquisition, real estate or other expansion transaction by the Company may be subject to the Company securing additional financing,
perhaps at a cost higher than our existing line of credit and term loans. In the current economic climate, additional financing
may not be available. Future earnings and cash flow may be negatively impacted to the extent that any acquired entities do not
generate sufficient earnings and cash flow to offset the increased financing costs.  

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  

Our discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including
those related to allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of long-lived assets, and accounting for income taxes. We base our
estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We believe the following
critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements. 

Critical accounting policies
are those that are important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results, and which require management
to make difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments. Critical accounting policies cover accounting matters that are inherently
uncertain because the future resolution of such matters is unknown. We have made critical estimates in the following areas: 

Revenues . We perform
a multitude of services for our clients, including film-to-tape transfer, video and audio editing, standards conversions, duplication,
distribution, etc. A customer orders one or more of these services with respect to an element (movie, television show, etc.). The
sum total of services performed on a particular element (a  package ) becomes the deliverable (i.e., the customer will
pay for the services ordered in total when the entire job is completed). Occasionally, a major studio will request that package
services be performed on multiple elements. Each element creates a separate revenue stream which is recognized only when all requested
services have been performed on that element. At the end of an accounting period, revenue is accrued for un-invoiced but shipped
work. 

Certain jobs specify that
many discrete tasks must be performed which require up to four months to complete. In such cases, we use the proportional performance
method for recognizing revenue. Under the proportional performance method, revenue is recognized based on the value of each stand-alone
service completed. 

In some instances, a client
will request that we store (or  vault ) an element for a period ranging from a day to indefinitely. The Company attempts
to bill customers a nominal amount for storage, but some customers, especially major movie studios, will not pay for this service.
In the latter instance, storage is an accommodation to foster additional business with respect to the related element. It is impossible
to estimate (i) the length of time we may house the element, or (ii) the amount of additional services we may be called upon to
perform on an element. We do not treat vaulting as a separate deliverable in those instances in which the customer does not pay. 

The Company records all
revenues when all of the following criteria are met: (i) there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists; (ii) delivery
has occurred or the services have been rendered; (iii) the Company s price to the customer is fixed or determinable; and
(iv) collectability is reasonably assured. Additionally, in instances where package services are performed on multiple elements
or where the proportional performance method is applied, revenue is recognized based on the value of each stand-alone service completed. 

Allowance for doubtful
accounts . We are required to make judgments, based on historical experience and future expectations, as to the collectability
of accounts receivable. The allowances for doubtful accounts and sales returns represent allowances for customer trade accounts
receivable that are estimated to be partially or entirely uncollectible. These allowances are used to reduce gross trade receivables
to their net realizable value. The Company records these allowances as a charge to selling, general and administrative expenses
based on estimates related to the following factors: (i) customer specific allowance; (ii) amounts based upon an aging schedule
and (iii) an estimated amount, based on the Company s historical experience, for issues not yet identified. 

Valuation of long-lived
assets . Long-lived assets, consisting primarily of property, plant and equipment, comprise a significant portion of the Company s
total assets. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances have indicated that their
carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to its
fair value in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced liquidation sale. 

Factors we consider important
which could trigger an impairment review include the following: 

Significant underperformance relative to expected historical
or projected future operating results; 

Significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired
assets or the strategy of our overall business; 

Significant negative industry or economic trends; 

Significant decline in our stock price for a sustained
period; and 

Our market capitalization relative to net book value. 

When we determine that
the carrying value of long-lived assets may not be recoverable based upon the existence of one or more of the above indicators
of impairment, we measure any impairment based on comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value in a current transaction
between willing parties or, in the absence of such measurement, on a projected discounted cash flow method using a discount rate
determined by our management to be commensurate with the risk inherent in our current business model. Any amount of impairment
so determined would be written off as a charge to the statement of operations, together with an equal reduction of the related
asset. Net long-lived assets amounted to approximately $14.5 million as of September 30, 2016. 

Accounting for income
taxes . As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves us estimating our actual current tax exposure together
with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as deferred revenue, for tax and accounting
purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our consolidated balance sheet.
We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and to the extent
we believe that recovery is not likely, we must establish a valuation allowance. To the extent we establish a valuation allowance
or increase this allowance in a period, we must include an expense within the tax provision in the consolidated statements of operations. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company has no uncertain tax positions. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income
taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. The deferred
tax assets are fully reserved at September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

Market Risk.  The
Company had borrowings of $14.1 million on September 30, 2016 under note payable, Term Loan and mortgage agreements. Our line of
credit, equipment financing, Term Loan and mortgage loan are subject to variable interest rates. The weighted average interest
rate paid during the three months ended September 30 2016 was 6.4%. For variable rate debt outstanding at September 30, 2016, a
..25% increase in interest rates will increase annual interest expense by approximately $36,000. Amounts outstanding or that may
become outstanding under the credit facilities provide for interest primarily at the LIBOR plus 3.0   6.0% (3.52% to 6.82%
as September 30, 2016. The Company s market risk exposure with respect to financial instruments is to changes in LIBOR or
the prime rate.          

ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), the Company s management, with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

The Chief Executive Officer
and President and the Chief Financial Officer conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) to determine whether any changes in internal control over financial reporting occurred during the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected or which are reasonably likely to materially affect internal control
over financial reporting. Based on the evaluation, no such change occurred during such period. 

Internal control over financial
reporting refers to a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of our assets;   

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and members of our board of directors; and   

Provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

From   time to time,
the Company may become a party to legal actions and complaints against the Company arising in the ordinary course of business,
although it is not currently involved in any material legal proceedings. 

ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS  

In our capacity as Company
management, we may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements with respect to our long-term objectives or
expectations which may be included in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), reports
to stockholders and information provided on our web site. 

The
words or phrases  will likely,   are expected to,   is anticipated,   is predicted, 
 forecast,   estimate,   project,   plans to continue,   believes, 
or similar expressions identify  forward-looking statements.  Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical earnings and those presently anticipated
or projected. We wish to caution you not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
the date made. We are calling to your attention important factors that could affect our financial performance and could cause actual
results for future periods to differ materially from any opinions or statements expressed with respect to future periods in any
current statements.  

The following list of important
factors may not be all-inclusive, and we specifically decline to undertake an obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking
statements that have been made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events. Among the factors that could have an impact on our ability to achieve expected operating
results and growth plan goals and/or affect the market price of our stock are: 

Recent history of losses.   

The need to raise additional operating capital.   

Changes in credit agreements and breaches of related covenants and ongoing liquidity.   

Our highly competitive marketplace.   

The risks associated with dependence upon significant customers.   

Our ability to execute our expansion strategy.   

The uncertain ability to manage in a changing environment.   

Our dependence upon and our ability to adapt to technological developments.   

Dependence on key personnel.   

Our ability to maintain and improve service quality.   

Fluctuation in quarterly operating results and seasonality in certain of our markets.   

Possible significant influence over corporate affairs by significant shareholders.   

Our ability to operate effectively as a stand-alone, publicly traded company.   

The consequences of failing to implement effective internal controls over financial reporting as 
                                                                                 required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

Specific risk factors related to our July 2015
acquisition of the assets of Modern VideoFilm, Inc. include 

difficulty in realizing anticipated financial or strategic benefits of such acquisition.   

diversion of capital and potential dilution of stockholder ownership,   

the risks related to increased indebtedness, as well as the risk such financing will not be available
on satisfactory terms or at all,   

diversion of management s attention and other resources from current operations, including
potential strain on financial and managerial controls and reporting systems and procedures,   

management of employee relations across facilities,   

difficulties in the assimilation of different corporate cultures and practices, as well as in the
assimilation and retention of geographically dispersed personnel and operations,   

difficulties and unanticipated expenses related to the integration of departments, systems (including
accounting systems), technologies, books and records, procedures and controls (including internal accounting controls, procedures
and policies), as well as in maintaining uniform standards,   

difficulties and unanticipated expenses related to the integration of departments, systems (including
accounting systems), technologies, books and records, procedures and controls (including internal accounting controls, procedures
and policies), as well as in maintaining uniform standards,   

assumption of known and unknown liabilities, some of which may be difficult or impossible to quantify,   

inability to realize cost savings, sales increases or other benefits that we anticipate from such
acquisitions, either as to amount or in the expected time frame,   

non-cash impairment charges or other accounting charges relating to the acquired assets, and   

maintaining strong relationships with our and our acquired companies  customers after the
acquisitions.   

Other factors not identified above, including
the risk factors described in the  Risk Factors  section of the Company s June 30, 2016 Form 10-K filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, may also cause actual results to differ materially from those projected by our forward-looking
statements. Most of these factors are difficult to anticipate and are generally beyond our control. You should consider these areas
of risk in connection with considering any forward-looking statements that may be made in this Form 10-Q and elsewhere by us and
our business generally. Except to the extent of any obligation to disclose material information under the federal securities laws,
we undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the
occurrence of unanticipated events. 

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS  

(a)    Exhibits     

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

POINT.360  
 
      DATE :  November 10, 2016 
     BY:   
     /s/  Alan R. Steel  

Alan R. Steel  

Executive Vice President,  

Finance and Administration  

(duly authorized officer and principal financial officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452308_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 15 U.S.C.  
7241 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Haig S. Bagerdjian, certify
that: 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:  November 10, 2016 
     /s/  Haig S. Bagerdjian  

Haig S. Bagerdjian  

Chairman of the Board of Directors,  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452308_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 15 U.S.C.  
7241 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Alan R. Steel, certify
that: 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 10, 2016 
     /s/  Alan R. Steel  

Alan R. Steel  

Executive Vice President, Finance and  

Administration, and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452308_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C.  
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Report of Point.360 (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Haig S. Bagerdjian, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Haig S. Bagerdjian 

Haig S. Bagerdjian 

Chief Executive Officer 

November 10, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452308_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C.  
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Report of Point.360 (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Alan R. Steel, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ptsx-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ptsx-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ptsx-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ptsx-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ptsx-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ptsx-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

