<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1007273_0001387131-16-007657_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6235719</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>89301</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>263700</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1903115</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2812016</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1030134</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>85</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-16-007657.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102145828
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-16-007657
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001007273
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				571021355
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			SC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27702
		FILM NUMBER:		161967541

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		256 MEETING ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 538
		CITY:			CHARLESTON
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		803 724 1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		256 MEETING STREET
		CITY:			CHARLESTON
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29402

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-16-007657.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 bksc-10q_093016.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One) 

Commission file number: 0-27702 

Bank of South Carolina Corporation   

 (Exact name of registrant issuer as specified
in its charter) 

South Carolina  
       
      57-1021355   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (IRS Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      Identification Number)   

256 Meeting Street, Charleston, SC 29401  

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

(843) 724-1500  

 (Registrant s telephone number) 

Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes
   No   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its Company Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). 

  Yes
     No    

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. 

Large accelerated filer   
         
      Accelerated Filer  

Non-accelerated filer   
       
      Smaller reporting Company   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   
   No    

As of November 2, 2016 there were 4,948,939 Common Shares outstanding. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 

Table of Contents 

Part I. Financial Information  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY     CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY   

  FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015 (UNAUDITED)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARY    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Note 1: Nature of Business and Basis of Presentation   

Organization  

The Bank of South Carolina (the  Bank )
was organized on October 22, 1986 and opened for business as a state-chartered financial institution on February 26, 1987, in Charleston,
South Carolina. The Bank was reorganized into a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bank of South Carolina Corporation (the  Company ),
effective April 17, 1995. At the time of the reorganization, each outstanding share of the Bank was exchanged for two shares of
Bank of South Carolina Corporation Stock. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Bank of South Carolina Corporation (the  Company ) and its wholly-owned subsidiary, The Bank
of South Carolina (the  Bank ). In consolidation, all significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

References to  we ,  us ,
 our ,  the Bank , or  the Company  refer to the parent and its subsidiary that are consolidated
for financial purposes. 

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, for the interim
financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, our interim consolidated
financial statements do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements and
should be read in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 4, 2016. In the opinion of management,
these interim financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the Company s consolidated financial position
and results of operations for each of the interim periods presented. Results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily
indicative of the results of operations that may be expected for a full year or any future period. 

Accounting Estimates and Assumptions  

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. Actual results could differ significantly from these
estimates and assumptions. Material estimates generally susceptible to significant change are related to the determination of the
allowance for loan losses, impaired loans, other real estate owned, asset prepayment rates and other-than-temporary impairment
of investment securities. 

Reclassification  

Certain amounts in the prior years  financial
statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on
shareholders  equity or the net income as previously reported. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Income per share  

Basic income per share represents income available
to shareholders divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Dilutive income per share
reflects additional common shares that would have been outstanding if dilutive potential common shares had been issued. The only
potential common share equivalents are those related to stock options. Stock options which are anti-dilutive are excluded from
the calculation of diluted net income per share. The dilutive effect of options outstanding under our stock compensation plan is
reflected in diluted earnings per share by the application of the treasury stock method. Retroactive recognition has been given
for the effects of all stock dividends. 

Subsequent Events  

Subsequent events are events or transactions
that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued. Recognized subsequent events are events or
transactions that provide additional evidence about conditions that existed at the date of the balance sheet, including the estimates
inherent in the process of preparing financial statements. Non recognized subsequent events are events that provide evidence about
conditions that did not exist at the date of the balance sheet but arose after that date. We have reviewed events occurring through
the date the financial statements were available to be issued and no subsequent events occurred requiring accrual or disclosure. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

The following is a summary of recent authoritative pronouncements
that could impact the accounting, reporting and/or disclosure of financial information by the Company. 

In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued guidance to change the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The core principle
of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to reflect the transfer of goods and services to customers in an
amount equal to the consideration the entity receives or expects to receive. The guidance will be effective for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017. We will apply this guidance using a modified retrospective approach. We do not expect this amendment
to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2015, the FASB deferred the effective
date of Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. As a result of the deferral,
the guidance in ASU 2014-09 will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We will apply this guidance
using the modified retrospective approach. We do not expect this amendment to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

In January 2015, the FASB issued guidance to
eliminate from U.S. GAAP the concept of an extraordinary item, which is an event or transaction that is both (1) unusual in nature
and (2) infrequently occurring. Under the new guidance, an entity will no longer (1) segregate an extraordinary item from the results
of ordinary operations; (2) separately present an extraordinary item on its income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing
operations; or (3) disclose income taxes and earnings-per-share data applicable to an extraordinary item. The amendment will be
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015, with early adoption
permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. We will apply the guidance prospectively.
We do not expect this amendment to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

In February 2015, the FASB issued guidance
which amends the consolidation requirements and significantly changes the consolidation analysis required under U.S. GAAP. Although
the amendments are expected to result in the deconsolidation of many entities, the Company will need to reevaluate all its previous
consolidation conclusions. The amendment will be effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2015, with early adoption permitted (including during an interim period), provided that the guidance is applied
as of the beginning of the annual period containing the adoption date. We do not expect this amendment to have a material effect
on our financial statements. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

In April 2015, the FASB issued guidance that
will require debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction
from the carrying amount of that debt liability. This update affects disclosures related to debt issuance costs but does not affect
existing recognition and measurement guidance for these items. The amendment will be effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015 ,  with early adoption permitted. We do not expect this amendment
to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

In June 2015, the FASB issued amendments to
clarify the Accounting Standards Codification (ASC), correct unintended application of guidance, and make minor improvements to
the ASC that are not expected to have a significant effect on current accounting practice or create a significant administrative
cost to most entities. The amendments were effective upon issuance (June 12, 2015) for amendments that do not have transition guidance.
Amendments that are subject to transition guidance will be effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. We do not expect
these amendments to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

In August 2015, the FASB issued amendments
to the Interest topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify the SEC staff s position on presenting and measuring
debt issuance costs incurred in connection with line-of-credit arrangements. The amendments were effective upon issuance. We do
not expect these amendments to have a material effect on our financial statements.  

In January 2016, the FASB amended the Financial
Instruments topic of Accounting Standards Codification to address certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and
disclosure of financial instruments. The amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. We will apply the guidance by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance
sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The amendments related to equity securities without readily determinable
fair values will be applied prospectively to equity investments that exist as of the date of adoption of the amendments. We do
not expect this amendment to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB amended the Leases
topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to revise certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure
of leasing transactions. The amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the effect that implementation of the new standard will have
on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

In March 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue
from Contracts with Customers topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify the implementation guidance on principal
versus agent considerations and address how an entity should assess whether it is the principal or the agent in contracts that
include three or more parties. The amendments will be effective for the Company for reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2017 .  We do not expect these amendments to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance to
simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions including the income tax consequences, the
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on the statement of cash flows. Additionally,
the guidance simplifies two areas specific to entities other than public business entities allowing them apply a practical expedient
to estimate the expected term for all awards with performance or service conditions that have certain characteristics and also
allowing them to make a one-time election to switch from measuring all liability-classified awards at fair value to measuring them
at intrinsic value. The amendments will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within
those annual periods .  We do not expect these amendments to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue
from Contracts with Customers topic of the ASC to clarify guidance related to identifying performance obligations and accounting
for licenses of intellectual property. The amendments will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017.
We do not expect these amendments to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

In May 2016, the FASB amended the Revenue from
Contracts with Customers topic of the ASC to clarify guidance related to the collectability, noncash consideration, presentation
of sales tax, and transition. The amendments will be effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We do not
expect these amendments to have a material effect on our financial statements. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance to change
the accounting for credit losses and modify the impairment model for certain debt securities. The amendments will be effective
for the reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. We are currently evaluating the effect that implementation of the
new standard will have on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 

In August 2016, the FASB amended the Statement
of Cash Flows topic of the Accounting Standards Codification to clarify how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented
and classified in the statement of cash flows. The amendments will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017
including interim periods within those fiscal years. We do not expect these amendments to have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

Other accounting standards that have been issued
or proposed by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies are not expected to have a material impact on our financial position,
results of operations or cash flows.  

Note 2: Investment Securities   

The amortized cost and fair value of investment
securities available for sale are summarized as follows: 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The following table
presents the amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities available for sale by contractual maturity for the
periods indicated:  

Securities pledged to secure deposits at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, had a carrying amount of $47.8 million and $48.0 million, respectively. 

The tables below summarize gross unrealized
losses on investment securities and the fair market value of the related securities, aggregated by investment category and length
of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.
We believe that all unrealized losses have resulted from temporary changes in the interest rate market and not as a result of credit
deterioration. We do not intend to sell and it is not likely that we will be required to sell any of the securities referenced
in the table below before recovery of their amortized cost. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

We received proceeds from sales and calls of
securities available for sale and gross realized gains and losses as follows: 

The tax provision related to these gains was
$36,154 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $165,035 and $97,829 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. 

Note 3: Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses   

Major classifications of loans (net of deferred
loan fees of $142,460 at September 30, 2016, and $118,188 at December 31, 2015) are as follows: 

We had $109.4 million and $102.1 million of loans pledged as collateral
to secure funding with the Federal Reserve Bank ( FRB ) Discount Window at September 30, 2016 and at December 31, 2015,
respectively. 

Our portfolio grading analysis estimates the capability of the borrower
to repay the contractual obligations of the loan agreements as scheduled. Our internal credit risk grading system is based on experience
with similarly graded loans, industry best practices, and regulatory guidance. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Our internally assigned grades pursuant to the Board-approved lending
policy are as follows: 

Excellent  (1) The
borrowing entity has more than adequate cash flow, unquestionable strength, strong earnings and capital where applicable, and
no overdrafts.  

Good  (2) The Borrowing
entity has dependable cash flow, better than average financial condition, good capital and usually no overdrafts.  

Satisfactory  (3) The
borrowing entity has adequate cash flow, satisfactory financial condition, explainable overdrafts (if any).  

Watch  (4) The borrowing
entity has generally adequate, yet inconsistent cash flow, cyclical earnings, weak capital, loan to/from stockholders, and infrequent
overdrafts. The borrower has consistent yet sometimes unpredictable sales and growth.  

OAEM  (5) The borrowing
entity has marginal cash flow, occasional past dues, and frequent and unexpected working capital needs.  

Substandard  (6) The
borrowing entity has a cash flow barely sufficient to service debt, deteriorated financial condition, bankruptcy possible. The
borrowing entity has declining sales, rising costs, and may need to look for secondary source of repayment.  

Doubtful  (7) The borrowing
entity has negative cash flow. Survival of the business is at risk, full repayment is unlikely, and there are frequent and unexplained
overdrafts. The borrowing entity shows declining trends and no operating profits.  

Loss  (8) The borrowing
entity has negative cash flow with no alternatives. Survival of the business is unlikely.  

The following table illustrates credit risks by category and internally
assigned grades at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  Pass  includes loans internally graded as excellent,
good and satisfactory. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The following tables include an aging analysis of the recorded investment
of past-due financing receivable by class: 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

There were three loans at September 30, 2016 and one loan at December
31, 2015, over 90 days past due and still accruing interest. The following table summarizes the balances of non-accrual loans: 

The following tables set forth the changes
in the allowance for loan losses and an allocation of the allowance by loan category for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. The allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to loans
that are individually classified as impaired. The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience
adjusted for current economic factors. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The following tables present, by portfolio segment and reserving
methodology, the allocation of the allowance for loan losses and the gross investment in loans. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, loans individually
evaluated and considered impaired are presented in the following table: 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The following table presents average impaired loans and interest
income recognized on those impaired loans, by class segment, for the periods indicated. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Restructured loans were $444,145 (3 loans)
and $458,268 (3 loans) at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Restructured loans were granted extended payment
terms with no principal reduction. All restructured loans were performing as agreed as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. There were no additional loans identified as a troubled debt restructuring ( TDR ) during the three or
nine months ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. No TDRs defaulted during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
which were modified within the previous twelve months. 

Note 4: Disclosure Regarding Fair Value of Financial Statements   

 Fair value measurements apply whenever GAAP
requires or permits assets or liabilities to be measured at fair value either on a recurring or nonrecurring basis. Fair value
is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal or most advantageous market
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. An orderly transaction is a transaction that assumes
exposure to the market for a period prior to the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary
for transactions involving such assets or liabilities; it is not a forced transaction. The fair value standard establishes a hierarchy
for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. 
Observable inputs, which are developed based on market data we have obtained from independent sources, are ones that market participants
would use in pricing an asset or liability.  Unobservable inputs, which are developed based on the best information available
in the circumstances, reflect our estimate of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to unadjusted quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the
lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement). The fair value hierarchy is broken down into three levels based on
the reliability of inputs as follows: 

Level 1: valuation is based
upon unadjusted quoted market prices for identical instruments traded in active markets.  

Level 2: valuation is based
upon quoted market prices for similar instruments traded in active markets, quoted market prices for identical or similar instruments
traded in markets that are not active and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable
in the market or can be corroborated by market data.  

Level 3: valuation is derived
from other valuation methodologies, including discounted cash flow models and similar techniques that use significant assumptions
not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use
in determining fair value.  

Fair value estimates are made at a specific
point of time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect
any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale our entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. Because
no active market exists for a significant portion of our financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgements regarding
future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, current interest rates and prepayment trends, risk characteristics
of various financial instruments, and other factors. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters
of significant judgement and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in any of these assumptions used in calculating
fair value also would affect significantly the estimates. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of the
unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in any of these
estimates. 

The following is a description of valuation
methodologies used for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis: 

Investment Securities Available for Sale  

Securities available for sale are recorded
at fair value on a recurring basis and are based upon quoted prices if available. If quoted prices are not available, fair value
is measured using independent pricing models or other model-based valuation techniques such as the present value of future cash
flows, adjusted for the security s credit rating, prepayment assumptions and other factors such as credit loss assumptions.
Level 1 securities include those traded on an active exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, or by dealers or brokers in
active over-the counter markets. Level 2 securities include mortgage backed securities issued by government sponsored entities,
municipal bonds and corporate debt securities. Securities classified as Level 3 include asset-backed securities in less liquid
markets. 

Derivative Instruments  

Derivative instruments include interest rate
lock commitments and forward sale commitments. These instruments are valued based on the change in the value of the underlying
loan between the commitment date and the end of the period. We classify these instruments as Level 3. The fair value of these commitments
was not significant at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

We had no embedded derivative instruments requiring
separate accounting treatment. We had freestanding derivative instruments consisting of fixed rate conforming loan commitments
as interest rate locks and commitments to sell fixed rate conforming loans on a best efforts basis. We do not currently engage
in hedging activities. Based on short term fair value of the mortgage loans held for sale (derivative contract), our derivative
instruments were immaterial to our consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

There were no liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring
basis as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

The following table reconciles the changes in assets measured at
fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively: 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

There were no transfers between fair value levels during the three
or nine months ended September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

Following is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets
and liabilities recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: 

Other Real Estate Owned (OREO)  

Loans, secured by real estate, are adjusted
to the lower of the recorded investment in the loan or the fair value of the real estate upon transfer to OREO. Subsequently, OREO
is carried at the lower of carrying value or fair value. Fair value is based upon independent market prices, appraised values of
the collateral or our estimation of the value of the collateral. When the fair value of the collateral is based on an observable
market price or a current appraisal, we record the asset as nonrecurring Level 2. When an appraised value is not available or we
determine the fair value of the collateral is further impaired below the appraised value and there is no observable market price,
we record the asset as nonrecurring Level 3. 

Impaired Loans  

Impaired loans are carried at the lower of
recorded investment or fair value. The fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell is the most frequently used method.
Typically, we review the most recent appraisal and if it is over 12 to 18 months old we may request a new third party appraisal.
Depending on the particular circumstances surrounding the loan, including the location of the collateral, the date of the most
recent appraisal and the value of the collateral relative to the recorded investment in the loan, we may order an independent appraisal
immediately or, in some instances, may elect to perform an internal analysis. Specifically as an example, in situations where the
collateral on a non-performing commercial real estate loan is out of our primary market area, we would typically order an independent
appraisal immediately, at the earlier of the date the loan becomes non-performing or immediately following the determination that
the loan is impaired. However, as a second example, on a non-performing commercial real estate loan where we are familiar with
the property and surrounding areas and where the original appraisal value far exceeds the recorded investment in the loan, we may
perform an internal analysis whereby the previous appraisal value would be reviewed considering recent current conditions, and
known recent sales or listings of similar properties in the area, and any other relevant economic trends. This analysis may result
in the call for a new appraisal. These valuations are reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis. 

In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
( ASC ) 820  Fair Value Measurement , impaired loans, where an allowance is established based on the fair
value of collateral, require classification in the fair value hierarchy. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, substantially
all of the impaired loans were evaluated based on the fair value of the collateral. These impaired loans are classified as Level
3. Impaired loans measured using discounted future cash flows are not deemed to be measured at fair value. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Loans Held for Sale  

Loans held for sale include mortgage loans
and are carried at the lower of cost or market value. The fair values of mortgage loans held for sale are based on current market
rates from investors within the secondary market for loans with similar characteristics. Carrying value approximates fair value.
These loans are classified as Level 2. 

Certain assets and liabilities are measured
at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject
to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). 

The following table presents information about certain assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015: 

There were no liabilities measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis as of September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

The following table provides information describing
the unobservable inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements at September 30, 2016: 

Inputs    

Valuation
Technique   

Unobservable
Input   

General
Range of Inputs    

Impaired Loans  
       
      Discounted Appraisals  
       
      Collateral Discounts  
       
      0   35%   

Other Real Estate Owned  
       
      Appraisal Value/ Comparison Sales/Other Estimates  
       
      Appraisals and/or Sales of Comparable Properties  
       
      Appraisals Discounted 10% to 20% for Sales Commissions and Other Holding Costs   

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Accounting standards require disclosure of
fair value information for all of our assets and liabilities that are considered financial instruments, whether or not recognized
on the balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. Fair value estimates are made as of a specific point
in time based on the characteristics of the financial instruments and the relevant market information. When available, quoted market
prices are used. In other cases, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. These techniques
involve uncertainties and are significantly affected by the assumptions used and the judgments made regarding risk characteristics
of various financial instruments, discount rates, prepayments, and estimates of future cash flows, future expected loss experience
and other factors. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates. Derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated
by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, may or may not be realized in an immediate sale of the instrument. 

Under the accounting standard, fair value estimates
are based on existing financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business and the value
of the assets and liabilities that are not financial instruments. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts of existing financial
instruments do not represent the underlying value of those instruments on our books. 

The following describes the methods and assumptions
we use in estimating the fair values of financial instruments: 

a.     Cash and due from banks, interest-bearing deposits in other banks  

The carrying
value approximates fair value. All mature within 90 days and do not present unanticipated credit concerns. 

b.     Investment securities available for sale  

The fair value of investment
securities is derived from quoted market prices. 

c.     Loans  

The carrying values
of variable rate consumer and commercial loans and consumer and commercial loans with remaining maturities of three months or less,
approximate fair value. The fair values of fixed rate consumer and commercial loans with maturities greater than three months are
determined using a discounted cash flow analysis and assume the rate being offered on these types of loans at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, approximate market. 

The carrying value of mortgage loans
held for sale approximates fair value. For lines of credit, the carrying value approximates fair value. 

d.     Deposits  

The estimated fair value of deposits
with no stated maturity is equal to the carrying amount. The fair value of time deposits is estimated by discounting contractual
cash flows, using interest rates currently being offered on the deposit products. The fair value estimates for deposits do not
include the benefit that results from the low cost funding provided by the deposit liabilities as compared to the cost of alternative
forms of funding (deposit base intangibles). 

e.     Short-term borrowings  

The carrying amount approximates fair
value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

f.     Accrued interest receivable and payable  

Since these financial instruments
will typically be received or paid within three months, the carrying amounts of such instruments are deemed to be a reasonable
estimate of fair value. 

g.     Loan commitments  

Estimates of the fair value of these
off-balance sheet items are not made because of the short-term nature of these arrangements and the credit standing of the counterparties. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

The following tables present the carrying amount,
fair value, and placement in the fair value hierarchy of our financial instruments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.
For short-term financial assets such as cash and cash equivalents, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value due
to the relatively short time between the origination of the instrument and its expected realization. 

Note 5: Income Per Common Share   

 Basic income per share is computed by dividing
net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net
income by the weighted-average number of common shares and potential common shares outstanding. Potential common shares consist
of dilutive stock options determined using the treasury stock method and the average market price of common stock. 

BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORPORATION  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including
information included or incorporated by reference in this document, contains statements which constitute  forward-looking
statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1934. We desire to take advantage of the  safe
harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996 and are including this statement for the express
purpose of availing the Company of protections of such safe harbor with respect to all  forward-looking statements 
contained in this Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements may relate to, among other matters, the financial condition, results of
operations, plans, objectives, future performance, and business of our Company. Forward-looking statements are based on many assumptions
and estimates and are not guarantees of future performance. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in
any forward-looking statements, as they will depend on many factors about which we are unsure, including many factors that are
beyond our control. The words  may,   would,   could,   should,   will, 
 expect,   anticipate,   predict,   project, ,  potential,   continue, 
 assume,   believe,   intend,   plan,   forecast,   goal, 
and  estimate,  as well as similar expressions, are meant to identify such forward-looking statements. Potential risks
and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements
include, without limitations, those described under the heading  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) and the following: 

Risk from changes in economic,
monetary policy, and industry conditions  

Changes in interest rates,
shape of the yield curve, deposit rates, the net interest margin and funding sources   

Market risk (including net
income at risk analysis and economic value of equity risk analysis) and inflation  

Risk inherent in making loans
including repayment risks and changes in the value of collateral  

Loan growth, the adequacy
of the allowance for loan losses, provisions for loan losses, and the assessment of problem loans  

Level, composition, and re-pricing
characteristics of the securities portfolio  

Deposit growth, change in
the mix or type of deposit products and services  

Continued availability of
senior management  

Technological changes  

Ability to control expenses  

Changes in compensation  

Risks associated with income
taxes including potential for adverse adjustments  

Changes in accounting policies
and practices  

Changes in regulatory actions,
including the potential for adverse adjustments  

Recently enacted or proposed
legislation  

These risks are exacerbated by the developments
over the last ten years in national and international markets. Sweeping reform has entered our industry yet we are unable to fully
predict its impact and perhaps its unintentional consequences for some time. There can be no assurance that these changes will
not materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

We will undertake no obligation to update any
forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events. In addition, certain statements in future filings with the SEC, in our press releases, and in oral and
written statements, which are not statements of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements. 

Overview  

 Bank of South Carolina Corporation (the
 Company ) is a financial institution holding company headquartered in Charleston, South Carolina, with $409.6 million
in assets as of September 30, 2016 and net income of $1.4 million and $3.9 million for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively. The Company offers a broad range of financial services through its wholly-owned subsidiary, The Bank of
South Carolina (the  Bank ). The Bank is a state-chartered commercial bank which operates primarily in the Charleston,
Dorchester and Berkeley counties of South Carolina. The Bank s original and current concept is to be a full service financial
institution specializing in personal service, responsiveness, and attention to detail to foster long standing relationships. 

We derive most of our income from interest
on loans and investments (interest bearing assets). The primary source of funding for making these loans and investments is our
interest and non-interest bearing deposits. Consequently, one of the key measures of our success is the amount of net interest
income, or the difference between the income on our interest earning assets, such as loans and investments, and the expense on
our interest bearing liabilities, primarily deposits. Another key measure is the spread between the yield we earn on these interest-bearing
assets and the rate we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities. 

A consequence of lending activities is that
we may incur credit losses. The amount of such losses will vary depending upon the risk characteristics of the loan and lease portfolio
as affected by economic conditions such as rising interest rates and the financial performance of borrowers. The reserve for credit
losses consists of the allowance for loan losses (the  Allowance ) and a reserve for unfunded commitments (the  Unfunded
Reserve ). The Allowance provides for probable and estimable losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio. 

In addition to earning interest on loans and
investments, we earn income through fees and other expenses we charge to the customer. The various components of non-interest income
as well as non-interest expense are described in the following discussion. The discussion and analysis also identifies significant
factors that have affected our financial position and operating results as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes included in this report. In addition, a number of tables
have been included to assist in the discussion. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

 Our critical accounting policies which involve
significant judgements and assumptions that have a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities, and
used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements as of September 30, 2016, have remained unchanged from the disclosures
presented in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Balance Sheet   

   Cash and Cash Equivalents   

 Total cash and cash
equivalents decreased 25.46% or $7.4 million to $21.8 million at September 30, 2016, from $29.2 million at December 31, 2015. This
decrease is due to a reduction in funds received from mortgage loans sold as well as an increase in funds used for securities purchases.
Please refer to our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for more information on our operating, investing and financing activities. 

Investment Securities Available for Sale   

 Our primary objective in managing the investment
portfolio is to maintain a portfolio of high quality, highly liquid investments yielding competitive returns. We are required under
federal regulations to maintain adequate liquidity to ensure safe and sound operations. We maintain investment balances based on
the continuing assessment of cash flows, the level of current and expected loan production, the current interest rate risk strategies
and the assessment of potential future direction of market interest rate changes. Investment securities differ in terms of default,
interest rate, liquidity and expected rate of return risk. 

We use the investment securities portfolio
for multiple purposes. It serves as a vehicle to manage interest rate and prepayment risk, to generate interest and dividend income
from investment of funds, to provide liquidity to meet funding requirements, and to provide collateral for pledging of public funds. 

At September 30, 2016, our available for sale
investment portfolio included U. S. Treasury Notes, Government-Sponsored Enterprises and Municipal Securities with a fair market
value of $115.1 million and an amortized cost of $112.6 million for a net unrealized gain of $2.5 million. At September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, our investment securities portfolio represented approximately 28.10% and 30.06% of our total assets, respectively.
The average yield on our investment securities was 2.01% and 2.16% at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

We had twelve Municipal
Securities totaling $4.7 million that matured in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. One Government-Sponsored Enterprise
Security totaling $5.0 million was called for a gain of $97,714 during the nine months ended September 31, 2016. In addition, we
sold three U.S. Treasury Notes and two Government Sponsored Enterprises totaling $20.8 million during the same period. We purchased
thirty-six Municipal Securities with a face value of $23.6 million and four Government Sponsored Enterprises with a face value
of $10.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Loans   

 We focus our lending activities on small and
middle market businesses, professionals and individuals in our geographic markets and typically require a personal guarantee. Substantially
all of our loans are to borrowers located in our market area of Charleston, Dorchester and Berkeley Counties of South Carolina. 

Net loans increased $23.4 million, or 9.80%,
to $262.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $239.2 million at December 31, 2015. We believe that economic conditions in our primary
market area are continuing to improve, and that these improving conditions are contributing to an increase in loan demand. The
amount of commercial real estate loans as a percentage of total loans continues to increase as a result of strong real estate demand
in our markets. 

The following is a summary of our loan portfolio
composition (net of deferred fees of $142,460 at September 30, 2016 and $118,188 at December 31, 2015) and the corresponding percentage
of total loans as of the dates indicated. Our commercial real estate experienced the largest growth of $13.8 million or 19.71%. 

Non-performing Assets   

 Non-performing Assets include real estate acquired
through foreclosure or deed taken in lieu of foreclosure, loans on nonaccrual status and TDRs. Generally, a loan is placed on nonaccrual
status when it becomes 90 days past due as to principal or interest, or when we believe, after considering economic and business
conditions and collection efforts, that the borrower s financial condition is such that collection of the contractual principal
or interest on the loan is doubtful. A payment of interest on a loan that is classified as nonaccrual is recognized as a reduction
in principal when received. Our policy with respect to non-performing loans requires the borrower to make a minimum of nine consecutive
payments in accordance with the loan terms and to show capacity to continue performing into the future before that loan can be
placed back on accrual status. At September 30, 2016 we had three loans 90 days past due still accruing interest. 

We consider a loan to be a TDR when the debtor
experiences financial difficulties and we provide concessions such that we will not collect all principal and interest in accordance
with the original terms of the agreement. Concessions can relate to the contractual interest rate, maturity date, or payment structure
of the note. As part of our workout plan for individual loan relationships, we may restructure loan terms to assist borrowers facing
challenges in the current economic environment. At September 30, 2016, we determined that we had three loans totaling $444,145,
that we considered TDRs. At December 31, 2015, we had three loans totaling $458,268, that we considered TDRs. 

Non-performing loans include all loans past
due 90 days and over, certain impaired loans (some of which may be contractually current), and TDR loans that have not yet established
a satisfactory period of payment performance (some of which may be contractually current). Non-performing assets include other
real estate owned, which decreased by $98,451 from December 31, 2015 due to the sale of one property. We recorded a loss of $13,450
on this sale. The balance at September 30, 2016 of $521,943 represents one commercial property. 

The following table is a summary of our non-performing assets, including
accruing TDRs. 

Allowance for Loan Losses   

 The allowance for loan losses was $3.7 million
and $3.4 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, or 1.41% and 1.41% of outstanding loans, respectively.
At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the allowance for loan losses represented 128.01% and 108.86% of the total amount
of non-performing loans. Based on the level of coverage on non-performing loans and analysis of our loan portfolio, we believe
the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 is adequate. 

At September
30, 2016, impaired loans totaled $6.2 million, for which $2.3 million of these loans had a reserve of approximately $1.5 million
allocated in the allowance for loan losses. Comparatively, impaired loans totaled $6.5 million at December 31, 2015, and $2.9 million
of these loans had a reserve of approximately $1.1 million allocated in the allowance.  

During the three months ended September 30,
2016 we recorded no charge-offs. A total of $116,651 was charged-off during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 we recorded recoveries of $22,665 and $48,935 on loans previously charged-off, for
net recoveries of $22,665 and net charge-offs of $67,716, respectively. Comparatively, we recorded $159,338 and $201,071 of charge-offs
and recorded $33,351 and $72,994 of recoveries on loans previously charged-off, resulting in net charge-offs of $125,987 and $128,077
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Deposits  

 Deposits remain our primary source of funding
for loans and investments. Average interest bearing deposits provided funding for 60.58% of average earning assets for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 60.55% for the twelve months ended December 31, 2015. The Company encounters strong competition
from other financial institutions as well as consumer and commercial finance companies, insurance companies and brokerage firms
located in the primary service area of the Bank. However, the percentage of funding provided by deposits has remained stable. 

The breakdown of total deposits by type and
the respective percentage of total deposits are as follows: 

Deposits increased 1.86% or $6.7 million from
December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. These increases were primarily due to larger balances in existing customer accounts as
well as new accounts. Time deposits over $250,000 totaled $15.5 million and $25.9 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
deposits with an aggregate deficit balance of $48,510 and $121,331, respectively were re-classified as other loans. 

Comparison of Three Months Ended September
30, 2016 to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   

 Net income increased $227,419 or 18.97% to
$1.43 million, or basic and diluted earnings per share of $.29 and $.28, respectively, for the three months ended September 30,
2016, from $1.20 million, or basic and diluted earnings per share of $.24 and $.24, respectively, for the three months ended September
30, 2015. Our return on average assets and average equity for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were 1.39% and 13.74%,
respectively, compared with 1.27% and 12.41%, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Interest Income  

 Net interest income is affected by the size
and mix of our balance sheet components as well as the spread between interest earned on assets and interest paid on liabilities.
Net interest margin is a measure of the difference between interest income on earning assets and interest paid on interest bearing
liabilities relative to the amount of interest bearing assets. Net interest income increased $465,234 or 13.41% to $4.0 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was
primarily due to an increase in interest and fee income from loans and interest bearing deposits in other banks (Federal Reserve).
In addition, we had a realized gain of $97,714 on the call of an investment security. Average loans increased $31.2 million or
12.80% to $274.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $243.6 million for the three months ended September
30, 2015. The yield on average loans (including fees) was 4.86% and 4.85% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Interest income on loans increased $384,498 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 to $3.4 million from $3.0
million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

The average balance of interest bearing deposits
in other banks increased $5.9 million or 27.45% to $27.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, with a rate of
0.52% as compared to $21.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, with a rate of 0.23%. 

Provision for Loan Losses  

 We have established an allowance for loan losses
through a provision for loan losses charged as an expense on our consolidated statements of income. We review our loan portfolio
periodically to evaluate our outstanding loans and to measure both the performance of the portfolio and the adequacy for loan losses.
For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had a provision of $210,000 compared to a provision of $7,500 for the same period
in the prior year. The increase in the provision for loan losses was based on the significant increase in loan volume as part of
our analysis of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. 

Non-Interest Income  

 Other income increased $24,548 or 3.71% to
$686,586 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $662,038 for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our service
charge fees and commissions increased $25,463 or 10.60% to $265,769 primarily due to increases of $16,359 in debit card fees and
$18,678 in wire transfer fees offset by a decrease of $19,207 in business service charge fees and overdraft fees. 

Non-Interest Expense  

  Non-interest
expense increased $211,526 or 8.91% to $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, from $2.4 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to an increase of $172,409 in other operating expenses from $549,163
for the three months ended September 30, 2015, to $721,572 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. We had amortization expense
of $162,500  associated  with our investment in
a South Carolina Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credit. Our data processing fees increased $18,264 for the three months ended September
30, 2016 due to the implementation of Europay, MasterCard , Visa Cards ( EMV ) and mobile banking.  

Income Tax Expense  

 We incurred income tax expense of $399,656
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $551,319 during the same period in 2015. Our effective tax rate was
21.89% and 31.50% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to our investment in a South Carolina Historic Rehabilitation
Tax Credit generated from the extensive renovation of a local historic building. This transaction closed on June 24, 2016. 

Comparison of Nine Months Ended September
30, 2016 to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

 Net income increased $276,867 or 7.57% to $3.93
million, or basic and diluted earnings per share of $.80 and $.78, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
from $3.66 million, or basic and diluted earnings per share of $.74 and $.72, respectively, for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. Our return on average assets and average equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 1.29% and 12.73%, respectively,
compared with 1.31% and 12.75%, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Interest Income   

 Net interest income increased $848,624 or 8.24%
to $11.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $10.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
This increase was primarily due to an increase in interest and fee income from loans and interest bearing deposits in other banks
(Federal Reserve). In addition, we had a realized gain of $97,714 on the call of an investment security. Average loans increased
$21.5 million or 8.86% to $264.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $242.9 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The yield on average loans (including fees) was 4.85% and 4.84% for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Interest income on loans increased $804,477 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $9.6
million from $8.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The average balance of interest bearing deposits
in other banks increased $11.9 million or 81.96% to $26.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, with a rate of
0.52% as compared to $14.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, with a rate of 0.24%. 

Provision for Loan Losses   

 We have established an allowance for loan losses
through a provision for loan losses charged as an expense on our consolidated statements of income. We review our loan portfolio
periodically to evaluate our outstanding loans and to measure both the performance of the portfolio and the adequacy for loan losses.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had a provision of $395,000 compared to a provision of $82,500 for the same period
in the prior year. The increase in the provision for loan losses was based on the significant increase in loan volume as part of
our analysis of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. 

Non-Interest Income   

 Other income decreased $52,452 or 2.32% to
$2.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Mortgage banking income decreased $189,375 due to a decrease of $17.0
million in mortgage loan originations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from originations of $74.8 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. This decrease was offset by an increase in service charge fees and commissions and gains realized
on the sale of securities. Service charge fees and commissions increased $63,237 or 8.68% to $792,036 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, primarily due to an increase of $51,117 in debit card fees. We also realized gains of $348,327 on the sale
of investment securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to gains of $264,401 for the same period in 2015. 

Non-Interest Expense   

 Non-interest expense increased $432,591 or
6.08% to $7.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $7.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
This increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of $138,365 or 3.19% from $4.3 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 to $4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Base wages increased $118,743 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as a result of annual merit increases. Our Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP )
contribution expense increased $22,500 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as our monthly contribution increased from
$25,000 in 2015 to $27,500 in 2016. In August 2016, our monthly contribution was increased by our Board of Directors to $30,000.
We also saw an increase of $272,796 in other operating expenses from $1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015,
to $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This increase was primarily due to increases in professional fees,
data processing fees, employee training and amortization expense associated with our investment in a South Carolina Historical
Rehabilitation Tax Credit. 

Income Tax Expense   

 We incurred income tax expense of $1.5 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $1.7 million during the same period in 2015. Our effective tax rate
was 27.40% and 31.87% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to our investment in a South Carolina Historic Rehabilitation
Tax Credit generated from the extensive renovation of a local historic building. This transaction closed on June 24, 2016. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   

 Commitments to extend credit are agreements
to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have
fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected
to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The amount
of collateral obtained if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit is based on our credit evaluation of the borrower.
Collateral held varies but may include accounts receivable, negotiable instruments, inventory, property, plant and equipment, and
real estate. Commitments to extend credit, including unused lines of credit, amounted to $85.4 million and $87.6 million at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Standby letters of credit represent our obligation
to a third party contingent upon the failure of our customer to perform under the terms of an underlying contract with the third
party or obligates us to guarantee or stand as surety for the benefit of the third party. The underlying contract may entail either
financial or nonfinancial obligations and may involve such things as the shipment of goods, performance of a contract, or repayment
of an obligation. Under the terms of a standby letter, generally drafts will be drawn only when the underlying event fails to occur
as intended. We can seek recovery of the amounts paid from the borrower. The majority of these standby letters of credit are unsecured.
Commitments under standby letters of credit are usually for one year or less. The maximum potential amount of undiscounted future
payments related to standby letters of credit at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $828,237 and $745,187, respectively. 

We originate certain fixed rate residential
loans and commit these loans for sale. The commitments to originate fixed rate residential loans and the sales commitments are
freestanding derivative instruments. We had forward sales commitments, totaling $5.0 million at September 30, 2016, to sell loans
held for sale of $5.0 million, compared to forward sales commitments of $5.8 million at December 31, 2015, to sell loans held for
sale of $5.8 million. The fair value of these commitments was not significant at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. We had
no embedded derivative instruments requiring separate accounting treatment. 

Once we sell certain fixed rate residential
loans, the loans are no longer reportable on our balance sheet. With most of these sales, we have an obligation to repurchase the
loan in the event of a default of principal or interest on the loan. This recourse period ranges from three to nine months. Misrepresentation
or fraud carries unlimited time for recourse. The unpaid principal balance of loans sold with recourse was $9.1 million at September
30, 2016 and $13.1 million at December 31, 2015. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
there were no loans repurchased. 

Liquidity  

 Historically, we have maintained our liquidity
at levels believed by management to be adequate to meet requirements of normal operations, potential deposit outflows and strong
loan demand and still allow for optimal investment of funds and return on assets. 

We manage our assets and liabilities to ensure
there is sufficient liquidity to enable management to fund deposit withdrawals, loan demand, capital expenditures, reserve requirements,
operating expenses, dividends and to manage daily operations on an ongoing basis. Funds are primarily provided by the Bank through
customer deposits, principal and interest payments on loans, mortgage loan sales, the sale or maturity of securities, temporary
investments and earnings. 

Proper liquidity management is crucial to ensure
that we are able to take advantage of new business opportunities as well as meet the credit needs of our existing customers. Investment
securities are an important tool in our liquidity management. Our primary liquid assets are cash and due from banks, federal funds
sold, investments available for sale, other short-term investments and mortgage loans held for sale. Our primary liquid assets
accounted for 34.62 %  and 38.83% of total assets at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, respectively. Securities classified as available for sale, which are not pledged, may be sold in response to changes
in interest rates and liquidity needs. All of the securities presently owned are classified as Available for Sale. Net cash provided
by operations and deposits from customers have been the primary sources of liquidity. At September 30, 2016, we had unused short-term
lines of credit totaling approximately $18 million (which can be withdrawn at the lender's option). Additional sources of funds
available to us for additional liquidity needs include borrowing on a short-term basis from the Federal Reserve System, increasing
deposits by raising interest rates paid and selling mortgage loans held for sale. We established a Borrower-In-Custody arrangement
with the Federal Reserve. This arrangement permits us to retain possession of assets pledged as collateral to secure advances from
the Federal Reserve Discount Window. At September 30, 2016 we could borrow up to $82 million. There have been no borrowings under
this arrangement. 

Our core deposits consist of non-interest bearing
accounts, NOW accounts, money market accounts, time deposits and savings accounts. We closely monitor our level of certificates
of deposit greater than $100,000 and other large deposits. We maintain a Contingency Funding Plan ( CFP ) that identifies
liquidity needs and weighs alternate courses of action designed to address these needs in emergency situations. We perform a quarterly
cash flow analysis and stress test the CFP to evaluate the expected funding needs and funding capacity during a liquidity stress
event. We believe our liquidity sources are adequate to meet our operating needs and do not know of any trends, events or uncertainties
that may result in a significant adverse effect on our liquidity position. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our liquidity
ratio was 33.06 and 37.27%, respectively. 

Capital Resources  

 Our capital needs have been met to date through
the $10.6 million in capital raised in our initial offering, the retention of earnings less dividends paid and the exercise of
stock options to purchase. Total shareholders  equity at September 30, 2016 was $42.1 million. The rate of asset growth since
our inception has not negatively impacted this capital base. 

On July 2, 2013, the Federal Reserve Board
approved the final rules implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s ( BCBS ) capital guidelines
for US banks ( Basel III ). Following the actions by the Federal Reserve, the FDIC also approved regulatory capital
requirements on July 9, 2013. The FDIC s rule is identical in substance to the final rules issued by the Federal Reserve
Bank. 

Basel III became effective on January
1, 2015. The purpose is to improve the quality and increase the quantity of capital for all banking organizations. The minimum
requirements for the quantity and quality of capital were increased. The rule includes a new common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets ratio of 4.5% and a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets. The rule also raises
the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4% to 6% and requires a minimum leverage ratio of 4%. In addition,
the rule also implements strict eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments and improves the methodology for calculating
risk-weighted assets to enhance risk sensitivity. Full compliance with all of the final rule requirements will be phased in over
a multi-year schedule. The Bank s total risk-based capital ratio at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 15.05% and
15.42%, respectively. 

 At September 30, 2016, the Company and
the Bank were categorized as  well capitalized  under Basel III. To be categorized as  well capitalized 
the Company and the Bank must maintain minimum total risk based, Tier 1 risk based, common equity Tier 1 risk based capital and
Tier 1 leverage ratios of 10%, 8%, 6.5% and 5%, respectively, and to be categorized as  adequately capitalized,  the
Company and the Bank must maintain minimum total risk based, Tier 1 risk based, common equity Tier 1 risk based capital, and Tier
1 leverage ratios of 8%, 6%, 4.5%, and 4%, respectively. 

 We are subject to various regulatory capital
requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory
  and possibly additional discretionary   actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material effect on
the financial statements. We must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities
and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Our capital amounts and classification
are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. Current and previous
quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require that we maintain minimum amounts and ratios
of total and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets and to average assets. Management expects that the capital ratios for the Company
and the Bank under Basel III will continue to exceed the well-capitalized minimum capital requirements. 

The Company had no material commitments for
capital expenditures as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk  

Not required. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures
and internal controls and procedures for financial reporting  

An evaluation of the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934
as amended (the  Act ) was carried out as of September 30, 2016 under the supervision and with the participation of
the Bank of South Carolina Corporation s management, including its President/Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer/Senior Vice President and several other members of the Company s senior management. Based upon that evaluation, Bank
of South Carolina Corporation s management, including the President/Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer/Senior
Vice President concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
in ensuring that the information the Company is required to disclose in the reports filed or submitted under the Act has been (i)
accumulated and communicated to management (including the President/Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer/Senior
Vice President) to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and (ii) recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
of the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of published financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including the President/Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer/Senior Vice President, the Company s
management has evaluated the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on
the 2013 framework established in a report entitled   Internal Control-Integrated Framework   issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

The Company s management assessed the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. Based on this assessment,
management believes that as of September 30, 2016, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective.
There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September
30, 2016, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. 

The Audit and Compliance Committee, composed
entirely of independent Directors, meets periodically with management, the Company s Compliance Officer, Risk Management
Officer and Elliott Davis Decosimo, LLC (separately and jointly) to discuss audit, financial and related matters. Elliott Davis
Decosimo, LLC, the Compliance Officer, and the Risk Management Officer have direct access to the Audit and Compliance Committee. 

Part II. Other Information  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   

 In our opinion, there are no other legal proceedings
pending other than routine litigation incidental to our business involving amounts which are not material to our financial condition. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

 Not required. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds   

 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   

 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure   

 None. 

Item 5. Other Information   

 None. 

Item 6. Exhibits    

Signatures  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Bank of South Carolina Corporation  
 
     November 2, 2016 

By:  
     /s/ Fleetwood S. Hassell  

Fleetwood S. Hassell  

President/Chief Executive Officer  

By:  
     /s/ Eugene H. Walpole, IV  

Eugene H. Walpole, IV  

Chief Financial Officer/Senior Vice President   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Bank of South Carolina Corporation - 10-Q  

    Exhibit
31.1    

Certification
Pursuant to 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) by the Chief Executive Officer    

I,
Fleetwood S. Hassell, certify that:  

1.  
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Bank of South Carolina Corporation;   

2.  
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for the periods presented in this report.   

4.  
  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have:   

a)  
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
  Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

November
2, 2016 

/s/ Fleetwood
S. Hassell  

Fleetwood
S. Hassell  

President/Chief
Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Bank of South Carolina Corporation - 10-Q  

    Exhibit 31.2    

Certification
Pursuant to 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) by the Chief Financial Officer    

I,
Eugene H. Walpole, IV, certify that:  

1.  
  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the Bank of South Carolina Corporation;   

2.  
  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for the periods presented in this report.   

4.  
  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and have:   

a)  
  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
  Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

November
2, 2016  

/s/ Eugene
H. Walpole, IV  

Eugene
H. Walpole, IV  

Chief
Financial Officer/ Senior
Vice President   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Bank of South Carolina Corporation - 10-Q  

    Exhibit
32.1    

Certification
of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 USC 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   

I,
Fleetwood S. Hassell, President/Chief Executive Officer of Bank of South Carolina Corporation (the  Company ), certify,
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that:  

1.  
  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and   

2.   the information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

Date:
November 2, 2016  

By: 
      /s/ Fleetwood S. Hassell  

Fleetwood S. Hassell   

President/Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Bank of South Carolina Corporation - 10-Q  

    Exhibit
32.2    

Certification
of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 USC 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002)   

I,
Eugene H. Walpole, IV, Chief Financial Officer/Senior Vice President of Bank of South Carolina Corporation (the  Company ),
certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that:  

1.  
  the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and   

2. 
  the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:
November 2, 2016  

By:  
     /s/ Eugene H. Walpole, IV  

Eugene H. Walpole, IV   

Chief Financial Officer/Senior Vice President   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bksc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bksc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bksc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bksc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bksc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bksc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

