<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_929351_0000929351-16-000117_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16630519</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>328925</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>725807</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6392979</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6807446</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2022408</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>99</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000929351-16-000117.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108161348
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000929351-16-000117
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP /CN/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000929351
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MOTION PICTURE & VIDEO TAPE PRODUCTION [7812]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14880
		FILM NUMBER:		161981427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2700 COLORADO AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			SANTA MONICA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-848-3866

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 HOWE STREET
		STREET 2:		20TH FLOOR
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C #R8

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BERINGER GOLD CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GUYANA GOLD CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000929351-16-000117.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 lgf201693010-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ___________________________________________________________ 
  Form 10-Q    
  ___________________________________________________________ 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  or 

For the transition period from              to              
  Commission File No.: 1-14880 
  ___________________________________________________________ 
  Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  ___________________________________________________________ 
                   British Columbia, Canada 
      
    N/A 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
   Identification No.) 

250 Howe Street, 20th Floor 
  Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 3R8 
  and 
  2700 Colorado Avenue 
  Santa Monica, California 90404 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
  ___________________________________________________________ 
  (877) 848-3866 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  ___________________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer     
      
    Accelerated filer   o 
      
    Non accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes          No      
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Table of Contents  

Item 
    Page 
       PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

1. Financial Statements  
    4 
       2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    40 
       3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    77 
       4. Controls and Procedures  
    80 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

1. Legal Proceedings  
    81 
       1A. Risk Factors  
    81 
       2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    87 
       3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    88 
       4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    88 
       5. Other Information  
    88 
       6. Exhibits  
    89 

2 

Table of Contents  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This report includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be,  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). These forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms  believes,   estimates,   potential,   anticipates,   expects,   intends,   plans,   projects,   forecasts,   may,   will,   could,   would  or  should  or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this report and include statements regarding our intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the industry in which we operate. 
  By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We believe that these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on May 25, 2016, which risk factors are incorporated herein by reference, as updated by the risk factors found under Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" herein. These risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read with the other cautionary statements and information in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and this report. 
  We caution you that forward-looking statements made in this report or anywhere else are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate may differ materially and adversely from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this report as a result of various important factors, including, but not limited to, the substantial investment of capital required to produce and market films and television series, increased costs for producing and marketing feature films and television series, budget overruns, limitations imposed by our credit facilities and notes, unpredictability of the commercial success of our motion pictures and television programming, risks related to acquisition and integration of acquired businesses, the effects of dispositions of businesses or assets, including individual films or libraries, the cost of defending our intellectual property, technological changes and other trends affecting the entertainment industry, uncertainties related to the Company's proposed acquisition of Starz, including the possibility that the transaction may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected factors or events; diversion of management's attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities; potential adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships, including those resulting from the announcement or completion of the Starz transaction, and the other risks and uncertainties discussed under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2016, which risk factors are incorporated herein by reference, as updated by the risk factors found under Part II, Item 1A. "Risk Factors" herein. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
  Any forward-looking statements, which we make in this report, speak only as of the date of such statement, and we undertake no obligation to update such statements. Comparisons of results for current and any prior periods are not intended to express any future trends or indications of future performance, unless expressed as such, and should only be viewed as historical data. 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  may contain references to our trademarks and to trademarks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including logos, artwork and other visual displays, may appear without the   or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies  trade names or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other company.  
  Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires, all references to the  Company,   Lionsgate,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Lions Gate Entertainment Corp., a corporation organized under the laws of the province of British Columbia, Canada, and its direct and indirect subsidiaries. 

3 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.     Financial Statements. 

LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

See accompanying notes. 

6 

Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. General 
  Nature of Operations 
  Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. (the  Company,   Lionsgate,  "Lions Gate,"  we,   us  or  our ) is a premier next generation global content leader with a diversified presence in motion picture production and distribution, television programming and syndication, home entertainment, international distribution and sales, branded channel platforms, interactive ventures and games, and location-based entertainment. 
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lionsgate and all of its majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries. 
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States ( U.S. ) generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions to quarterly report on Form 10-Q under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of the Company s management, all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been reflected in these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Operating results for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the fiscal year ending   March 31, 2017  . The balance sheet at   March 31, 2016   has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date, but does not include all the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   March 31, 2016  . 
  Certain amounts presented in prior years have been reclassified to conform to the current year s presentation. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates made by management in the preparation of the financial statements relate to ultimate revenue and costs for investment in films and television programs; estimates of sales returns and other allowances and provisions for doubtful accounts; fair value of equity-based compensation; fair value of assets and liabilities for allocation of the purchase price of companies acquired; income taxes; accruals for contingent liabilities; and impairment assessments for investment in films and television programs, property and equipment, equity investments, goodwill and intangible assets. Actual results could differ from such estimates. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  Revenue Recognition  :  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an accounting standard update relating to the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers, which will supersede most current U.S. GAAP revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The new revenue recognition standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. Based on the current guidance, the new framework will become effective on either a full or modified retrospective basis for the Company on April 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
  Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  :  In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standards update relating to the presentation of debt issuance costs. The accounting update requires companies to present debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts, rather than as an asset. The guidance is effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning April 1, 2016, and must be applied on a retrospective basis to all prior periods presented in the financial statements. The Company adopted the new guidance effective April 1, 2016, which resulted in the reclassification of approximately   $21.3 million   of debt issuance costs from other assets to their respective debt liabilities in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2016.  

9 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments  :  In January 2016, the FASB issued new guidance that addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. Among other provisions, the new guidance requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. For investments without readily determinable fair values, entities have the option to either measure these investments at fair value or at cost adjusted for changes in observable prices minus impairment. The guidance is effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning April 1, 2018. Early adoption is not permitted, except for certain provisions relating to financial liabilities. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Accounting for Leases  :  In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance on accounting for leases which requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets for the rights and obligations created by those leases.  The new guidance also requires additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures related to the nature, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The guidance is effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning April 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted, and is required to be implemented using a modified retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  :  In March 2016, the FASB issued amended guidance related to employee share-based payment accounting. One aspect of the guidance, which will become effective on a prospective basis, requires all income tax effects of awards to be recognized in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. In addition, the guidance eliminates the requirement that excess tax benefits be realized (i.e., through a reduction in income taxes payable) before companies can recognize them. This part of the guidance will be applied using a modified retrospective transition method and will result in the Company recording a cumulative-effect adjustment in retained earnings for excess tax benefits not previously recognized. The guidance also requires presentation of excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity, and can be applied retrospectively or prospectively. The guidance also increases the amount companies can withhold to cover income taxes on awards without triggering liability classification for shares used to satisfy statutory income tax withholding obligations and requires application of a modified retrospective transition method. Finally, the guidance provides for an election to account for forfeitures of share-based payments either by (1) recognizing forfeitures of awards as they occur or (2) estimating the number of awards expected to be forfeited and adjusting the estimate when it is likely to change (as is required under the current guidance). The guidance is effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning April 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Equity Method of Accounting  : In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance that changes the requirements for equity method accounting when an investment qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in the investor s ownership interest in or degree of influence over an investee. The guidance (i) eliminates the need to retroactively apply the equity method of accounting upon qualifying for such treatment, (ii) requires that the cost of acquiring the additional interest in an investee be added to the basis of the previously held interest and (iii) requires that unrealized holding gains or losses for available-for-sale equity securities that qualify for the equity method of accounting be recognized in earnings at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method of accounting. The guidance is effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning April 1, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments:   In August 2016, the FASB issued guidance that clarifies how entities should classify certain cash receipts and payments on the statement of cash flows. The guidance primarily relates to the classification of cash flows associated with certain (i) debt transactions including debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, (ii) contingent consideration arrangements related to a business combination, (iii) insurance claims and policies, (iv) distributions from equity method investees and (v) securitization transactions. This guidance is effective for the Company's fiscal year beginning April 1, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this new guidance will have on its statement of cash flows. 

10 

Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

2. Investment in Films and Television Programs 

The Company expects approximately   49%   of completed films and television programs, net of accumulated amortization, will be amortized during the one-year period ending   September 30, 2017  . Additionally, the Company expects approximately   81%   of completed and released films and television programs, net of accumulated amortization and excluding acquired libraries, will be amortized during the three-year period ending   September 30, 2019  . 
  During the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company performed fair value measurements related to certain films. In determining the fair value of its films, the Company employs a discounted cash flows ("DCF") methodology that includes cash flow estimates of a film s ultimate revenue and costs as well as a discount rate. The discount rate utilized in the DCF analysis is based on the Company s weighted average cost of capital plus a risk premium representing the risk associated with producing a particular film. As the primary determination of fair value is determined using a DCF model, the resulting fair value is considered a Level 3 measurement (see Note 8). During the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded   $4.4 million   and   $6.3 million  , respectively, of fair value film write-downs, as compared to   $7.8 million   and   $8.5 million  , respectively, of fair value film write-downs recorded during the three and six months ended September 30, 2015. 

3. Investments 
  The carrying amounts of investments, by category, at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   were as follows: 

11 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

Equity Method Investments: 
  The carrying amounts of equity method investments at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   were as follows: 

Equity interests in equity method investments for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows (income (loss)): 

EPIX  .   In April 2008, the Company formed a joint venture with Viacom, its Paramount Pictures unit and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios to create a premium television channel and subscription video-on-demand service named  EPIX . The Company invested   $80.4 million   through September 30, 2010, and   no   additional amounts have been funded since. Since the Company's original investment in April 2008, the Company has received distributions from EPIX of   $28.0 million  .   No   distributions were received during the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   or 2015.  
  EPIX Financial Information: 
  The following table presents summarized balance sheet data as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   for EPIX: 

The following table presents the summarized statements of income for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   for EPIX and a reconciliation of the net income reported by EPIX to equity interest income recorded by the Company: 
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

_________________________ 
           (1) 
    Represents the elimination of the gross profit recognized by the Company on licensing sales to EPIX in proportion to the Company's ownership interest in EPIX.  
              (2) 
    Represents the realization of a portion of the profits previously eliminated. This profit remains eliminated until realized by EPIX.  EPIX initially records the license fee for the title as inventory on its balance sheet and amortizes the inventory over the license period.  Accordingly, the profit is realized as the inventory on EPIX's books is amortized.  
     Pop.   The Company s investment interest in Pop consists of an equity investment in its common stock units and mandatorily redeemable preferred stock units. The Company's partner in Pop, CBS TVG Inc. ("CBS"), has a call option to purchase a portion of the Company's ownership interest in Pop at fair market value, which would result in CBS owning   80%   of Pop, exercisable beginning March 26, 2018 for a period of   30 days  . During the three and six months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company made   no   contributions to Pop (2015 -   none   and    $0.8 million  , respectively).  
  The mandatorily redeemable preferred stock units carry a dividend rate of   10%   compounded annually and are mandatorily redeemable in May 2019 at the stated value plus the dividend return and any additional capital contributions less previous distributions. The mandatorily redeemable preferred stock units were initially recorded based on their estimated fair value, as determined using an option pricing model. The mandatorily redeemable preferred stock units and the   10%   dividend are being accreted up to their redemption amount over the   ten  -year period to the redemption date, which is recorded as income within equity interest. 
  Other Equity Method Investments 
  Defy Media  . In June 2007, the Company acquired an interest in Break Media, a multi-platform digital media company and a leader in male-targeted content creation and distribution. In October 2013, Break Media merged with Alloy Digital, a multi-platform digital media company with a strong presence in the youth market, to create Defy Media. The Company's effective economic interest in Defy Media through its investment in Break Media and its direct investment in Defy Media is approximately   10.3%  . The Company is accounting for its investment in Defy Media, a limited liability company, under the equity method of accounting due to the Company's board representation that provides significant influence over the investee. 
  Roadside Attractions  . Roadside Attractions is an independent theatrical distribution company. The Company owns a   43.0%   interest in Roadside Attractions. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

Pantelion Films.   Pantelion Films is a joint venture with Videocine, an affiliate of Televisa, which produces, acquires and distributes a slate of English and Spanish language feature films that target Hispanic moviegoers in the U.S. The Company owns a   49.0%   interest in Pantelion Films. 
  Atom Tickets.   Atom Tickets is the first-of-its-kind theatrical mobile ticketing platform and app. The Company made initial investments totaling   $4.3 million   in Atom Tickets during the year ended March 31, 2015. During the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company agreed to participate in an equity offering of Atom Tickets and subscribed for an additional   $7.9 million  . The Company owns an interest of approximately   19.3%   in Atom Tickets. The Company is accounting for its investment in Atom Tickets, a limited liability company, under the equity method of accounting due to the Company's board representation that provides significant influence over the investee. 
  Tribeca Short List.   Tribeca Short List is a subscription video-on-demand service. The Company made an initial investment of   $2.1 million   during the year ended March 31, 2015, and during the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company made capital contributions to Tribeca Short List of   $2.4 million  , net of cash acquired of   $0.4 million   (see below). The Company holds a   75.0%   economic interest in Tribeca Short List. Through October 17, 2015, the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Tribeca Short List was shared equally with Tribeca Enterprises, and accordingly through October 17, 2015, the Company's interest in Tribeca Short List was accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  Subsequent to October 17, 2015, the terms of the arrangement increased the Company's power to control the board, and the Company now has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of Tribeca Short List. Accordingly, the Company has consolidated Tribeca Short List beginning in the quarter ended December 31, 2015, with no gain or loss recognized upon consolidation since the carrying value of the net assets approximated the fair value. 
    
  Available-for-Sale Securities: 
    
  The cost basis, unrealized losses and fair market value of available-for-sale securities are set forth below: 

Starz.   At   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , available-for-sale securities consisted of the Company's minority interest in Starz. On March 27, 2015, pursuant to the terms of a stock exchange agreement entered into on February 10, 2015 (the "Exchange Agreement"), the Company exchanged   4,967,695   of its newly issued common shares for   2,118,038   shares of Series A common stock of Starz and   2,590,597   shares of Series B common stock of Starz held by certain affiliates of John C. Malone ("Dr. Malone") (the exchange transaction, the "Exchange"). The Exchange Agreement placed certain restrictions on the ability to transfer the shares issued by the Company. 
    
  The Company classifies the Series A common stock of Starz within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as the valuation inputs are based on quoted prices in active markets (see Note 8). The Series B common stock of Starz are considered a Level 2 security because the quoted market prices are based on infrequent transactions. Therefore, the fair value of the Series B common stock, which is convertible, at the holder s option, into Series A common stock of Starz is based on the quoted market price of the Series A common stock, which is an equivalent security other than for the voting rights. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company's investment in Starz was in an unrealized loss position, however due to the fluctuation of the security's market price in an active market and the short-term duration of the unrealized loss, the Company has the intent and ability to hold the securities until the fair value recovers. As of November 7, 2016, the fair value of the Company's minority interest in Starz was   $155.2 million  , compared to the Company's original cost basis of   $158.9 million  . 
    
  Cost Method Investments: 
  Telltale.   Telltale Games ("Telltale") is a creator, developer and publisher of interactive software episodic games based upon popular stories and characters across all major gaming and entertainment platforms. In February 2015, the Company invested   $40.0 million   in Telltale, which consisted of a cash investment in Telltale of   $28.0 million   in exchange for   2,628,072   of  
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

Telltale's Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and   361,229   newly issued common shares of the Company with a fair value of approximately   $12.0 million   in exchange for approximately   1,126,316   existing common shares of Telltale, representing in the aggregate an approximately   14%   economic interest in Telltale.  
  Next Games.   Next Games is a mobile games development company headquartered in Helsinki, Finland, with a focus on crafting visually impressive, highly engaging games. In July 2014, the Company invested   $2.0 million   in Next Games for a small minority ownership interest, and during the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company invested an additional   $0.2 million   in Next Games.  

4. Other Assets 
  The composition of the Company s other assets is as follows as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  : 

Prepaid Expenses and Other  . Prepaid expenses and other primarily include prepaid expenses, security deposits, and other assets.  
  Finite-lived Intangible Assets.   Finite-lived intangibles consist primarily of noncompete agreements, trademarks and trade names, and sales agency relationships. The composition of the Company's finite-lived intangible assets and the associated accumulated amortization is as follows as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  : 

Amortization expense associated with the Company's intangible assets for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately   $0.5 million   and   $0.9 million  , respectively (2015 -   $0.4 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively). Amortization expense remaining relating to intangible assets for each of the years ending March 31, 2017 through 2021 is estimated to be approximately   $0.9 million  ,   $1.4 million  ,   $1.4 million  ,   $1.4 million  , and   $1.4 million  , respectively. 

15 

Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

5. Corporate Debt 
    
  The total carrying values of corporate debt of the Company, excluding film obligations and production loans, were as follows as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , and are reflected net of unamortized debt issuance costs and unamortized discount if applicable:  

The following table sets forth future annual contractual principal payment commitments of corporate debt as of   September 30, 2016  :  

Senior Revolving Credit Facility 
  Availability of Funds.   The senior revolving credit facility provides for borrowings and letters of credit up to an aggregate of   $800.0 million  , and at   September 30, 2016   there was   $499.0 million   available (  March 31, 2016       $639.0 million  ). The availability of funds is limited by a borrowing base and also reduced by outstanding letters of credit, if any. There were   no   letters of credit outstanding at   September 30, 2016   (  March 31, 2016       none  ). 
  Maturity Date.   September 27, 2017. 
  Interest.   Interest is payable at an alternative base rate, as defined, plus   1.5%  , or LIBOR plus   2.5%  , as designated by the Company. As of   September 30, 2016  , borrowings under the senior revolving credit facility bore interest of   2.5%   over the LIBOR rate (effective interest rate of   3.03%   and   2.94%   on borrowings outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and March 31, 2016, respectively). 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

Commitment Fee.   The Company is required to pay a quarterly commitment fee of   0.375%   to   0.5%   per annum, depending on the average balance of borrowings outstanding during the period, on the total senior revolving credit facility of   $800 million   less the amount drawn. 
  Security.   Obligations are secured by collateral (as defined in the credit agreement) granted by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Company, as well as a pledge of equity interests in certain of the Company s subsidiaries. 
  Covenants.   The senior revolving credit facility contains a number of covenants that, among other things, require the Company to satisfy certain financial covenants and restrict the ability of the Company to incur additional debt, pay dividends, make certain investments and acquisitions, repurchase its stock, prepay certain indebtedness, create liens, enter into agreements with affiliates, modify the nature of its business, enter into sale-leaseback transactions, transfer and sell material assets and merge or consolidate. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
  Change in Control.   The Company may also be subject to an event of default upon a change in control (as defined in the credit agreement) which, among other things, includes a person or group acquiring ownership or control in excess of   50%   of the Company s common shares. 
    
  5.25%   Senior Notes 
    
  Issuance Date.   On July 19, 2013, Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. issued   $225.0 million   aggregate principal amount of   5.25%   Senior Secured Second-Priority Notes (the "  5.25%   Senior Notes").  
    
  Interest.    Interest is payable semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year at a rate of   5.25%   per year.  
    
  Maturity Date.   August 1, 2018. 
    
  Optional Redemption.   Redeemable by the Company, in whole or in part, at a price equal to   100%   of the principal amount, plus the Applicable Premium, as defined in the indenture governing the   5.25%   Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption. The Applicable Premium amounts to the greater of (i)   1.0%   of the principal amount redeemed and (ii) the excess of the present value of the principal amount of the notes redeemed plus interest through the maturity date over the principal amount of the notes redeemed on the redemption date.  
    
  Covenants.   The   5.25%   Senior Notes contain certain restrictions and covenants that, subject to certain exceptions, limit the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends or repurchase the Company s common shares, make certain loans or investments, and sell or otherwise dispose of certain assets subject to certain conditions, among other limitations. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
    
  Term Loan Due 2022 
    
  Issuance Date.   On March 17, 2015, Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. entered into a second lien credit and guarantee agreement (the "Credit Agreement"), and pursuant to the Credit Agreement, borrowed a term loan in an aggregate amount of   $375.0 million   (the "Term Loan Due 2022"). In May 2015, Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. amended the Credit Agreement governing its Term Loan Due 2022, and pursuant to the amended Credit Agreement, borrowed an additional term loan in an aggregate amount of   $25.0 million  .  
    
  Interest.   Interest on the Term Loan Due 2022 is payable on the last business day of each April, July, October and January at a rate of   5.00%   per year.  
    
  Maturity Date.   The Term Loan Due 2022 matures on     March 17, 2022. 
    
  Optional Prepayment.   The Company may voluntarily prepay the Term Loan Due 2022 at any time, provided that if prepaid (i) on or before March 17, 2017, the Company shall pay to lenders a prepayment premium of   2.0%   on the principal amount prepaid; (ii) after March 17, 2017 and on or before March 17, 2018, the Company shall pay to lenders a prepayment premium of   1.0%   on the principal amount prepaid; and (iii) on or after March 17, 2018,   no   prepayment premium shall be payable. 
    
  Covenants.   Substantially similar to the     5.25%   Senior Notes discussed above. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes 
  Outstanding Amount and Terms.   The following table sets forth the convertible senior subordinated notes outstanding and certain key terms of these notes at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  :  

January 2012   4.00%   Notes:    In January 2012, Lions Gate Entertainment Inc. ("LGEI") issued approximately   $45.0 million   of January 2012   4.00%   Notes, of which   $10.1 million   was allocated to the equity component. Interest is payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year.  
    
  April 2013   1.25%   Notes:    In April 2013, LGEI issued approximately   $60.0 million   in aggregate principal amount of April 2013   1.25%   Notes. Interest is payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year. 
    
  Conversion Features:      The convertible senior subordinated notes are     convertible, at any time, into the number of common shares of the Company determined by the principal amount being converted divided by the conversion price, subject to adjustment in certain circumstances, including upon the issuance of dividends. 
    
  The January 2012   4.00%   Notes provide that upon conversion, the Company has the option to deliver, in lieu of common shares, cash or a combination of cash and common shares of the Company. Convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion (including partial cash settlement) are recorded by separately accounting for the liability and equity component (i.e., conversion feature), thereby reducing the principal amount with a debt discount that is amortized as interest expense over the expected life of the note using the effective interest method. The effective interest rate on the liability component of the January 2012   4.00%   Notes is   9.56%  . 
    
  The April 2013   1.25%   Notes are convertible only into the Company's common shares and do not carry an option to be settled in cash upon conversion, and accordingly, have been recorded at their principal amount (not reduced by a debt discount for the equity component).  
    
  Conversions.   The following conversions were completed with respect to the Company's convertible senior subordinated notes in the   six months ended     September 30, 2015   (none in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  ): 

18 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

Interest Expense.   Interest expense recognized for the convertible senior subordinated notes for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is presented below: 

6. Participations and Residuals 
  The Company expects approximately   65%   of accrued participations and residuals will be paid during the   one  -year period ending   September 30, 2017  . 
    
  Theatrical Slate Participation 
    
  On March 10, 2015, the Company entered into a theatrical slate participation arrangement with TIK Films (U.S.), Inc. and TIK Films (Hong Kong) Limited (collectively,  "TIK Films"), both wholly owned subsidiaries of Hunan TV   Broadcast Intermediary Co. Ltd. Under the arrangement, TIK Films, in general and subject to certain limitations including per picture and annual caps, will contribute a minority share of   25%   of the Company s production or acquisition costs of  qualifying  theatrical feature films, released during the   three  -year period ending January 23, 2018, and participate in a pro-rata portion of the pictures  net profits or losses similar to a co-production arrangement based on the portion of costs funded. The arrangement excludes among others, any theatrical feature film incorporating any elements from the   Twilight, Hunger Games   or   Divergent   franchises. The percentage of the contribution could vary on certain pictures. 
    
  Amounts provided from TIK Films are reflected as a participation liability in the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet and amounted to   $126.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   (March 31, 2016 -   $61.3 million  ). The difference between the ultimate participation expected to be paid to TIK Films and the amount provided by TIK Films is amortized as a charge to or a reduction of participation expense under the individual-film-forecast method. 

7. Film Obligations and Production Loans 

19 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

The following table sets forth future annual repayment of film obligations and production loans as of   September 30, 2016  :  

Film Obligations 
  Film obligations include minimum guarantees, which represent amounts payable for film rights that the Company has acquired and certain theatrical marketing obligations for amounts received from third parties that are contractually committed for theatrical marketing expenditures associated with specific titles. 
  Production Loans 
  Production loans represent individual loans for the production of film and television programs that the Company produces. The majority of production loans have contractual repayment dates either at or near the expected completion date, with the exception of certain loans containing repayment dates on a longer term basis, and incur interest at rates ranging from   3.53%   to   3.79%  . 

8. Fair Value Measurements 
  Fair Value 
  Accounting guidance and standards about fair value define fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
  Fair Value Hierarchy 
  Fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The accounting guidance and standards establish three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
                
    Level 2   Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2 liabilities that are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis include the Company s convertible senior subordinated notes, production loans,   5.25%   Senior Notes, and Term Loan, which are priced using discounted cash flow techniques that use observable market inputs, such as LIBOR-based yield curves, swap rates, and credit ratings. 
                
    Level 3   Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities. The Company measures the fair value of its investment in Pop's Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred Stock Units using primarily a discounted cash flow analysis based on the expected cash flows of the investment. The analysis reflects the contractual terms of the investment, including the period to maturity, and uses a discount rate commensurate with the risk associated with the investment. 
     
   20 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

The following table sets forth the assets and liabilities required to be carried at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  : 

The following table sets forth the carrying values and fair values of the Company s investment in Pop's mandatorily redeemable preferred stock units and outstanding debt at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  : 

21 

Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

9. Mergers and Acquisitions 
    
  Starz Transaction.   On June 30, 2016, Lionsgate and Starz entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") under which Lionsgate will acquire Starz for a combination of cash and common stock totaling approximately   $4.4 billion   enterprise value (the "Starz Transaction"). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, immediately prior to consummation of the proposed merger, Lionsgate will effect the reclassification of its capital stock, pursuant to which each existing Lionsgate common share will be converted into   0.5   shares of a newly issued class of Lionsgate Class A voting shares and   0.5   shares of a newly issued class of Lionsgate Class B non-voting shares, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement.  Following the reclassification, in the proposed merger, (a) each share of Starz Series A common stock will be converted into the right to receive   $18.00   in cash and   0.6784   of a share of Lionsgate Class B non-voting shares, and (b) each share of Starz Series B common stock will be converted into the right to receive   $7.26   in cash,   0.6321   of a share of Lionsgate Class B non-voting shares and   0.6321   of a share of Lionsgate Class A voting shares, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. The total enterprise value of Starz based on the estimated value of purchase price consideration is approximately   $4.4 billion  , including cash, equity and Starz debt to be assumed. The Merger Agreement has been approved by the boards of directors of Lionsgate and Starz and will be submitted to their respective shareholders for approval as well as to regulatory authorities. 
  At the time of the Merger Agreement, Lionsgate had commitments of approximately   $4.57 billion   from banks to provide for (i) a   $1.9 billion   term loan B facility, (ii) a   $1.0 billion   term loan A facility, (iii) a   $1.0 billion   revolving credit facility (iv) a   $520 million   unsecured bridge facility and (v) a   $150 million   unsecured funded bridge facility. See Note 20 - Subsequent Events for further information. 
  In connection with the Merger Agreement, on June 30, 2016, Lions Gate entered into a Stock Exchange Agreement (the "Starz Exchange Agreement") with Orion Arm Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. ("Merger Sub") and certain stockholders of Starz (the "Exchange Stockholders"), pursuant to which, if the Merger Agreement is terminated (1) by Lionsgate because Starz' board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the transactions (2) by Starz in order to enter into a superior transaction or (3) by either party because Starz' stockholders fail to approve the transactions, then the Exchange Stockholders will sell to Merger Sub all shares of Starz Series B Common Stock held by the Exchange Stockholders (the "Starz Exchange Shares"), which as of June 30, 2016 constituted approximately   69.9%   of the total voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of Starz Series B Common Stock, in exchange for per share consideration of   $7.26   in cash and   1.2642   newly issued shares of Lionsgate Common Stock (the "Lions Gate Exchange Shares"). At the election of Dr. John C. Malone, or if Lionsgate should fail to receive the required stockholder approval to issue the Lions Gate Exchange Shares, the Exchange Stockholders will instead receive per share consideration of   $36.30   in cash for each Starz Exchange Share. Lions Gate plans to seek such required stockholder approval at the same meeting where it will seek the required approvals pursuant to the Merger Agreement.  
    
  The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for Lions Gate and Starz. The Merger Agreement can be terminated by either party (1) by mutual written consent; (2) if the Merger has not been consummated by an outside date of December 31, 2016 (which either party may generally extend to March 31, 2017 if the only closing condition that would not have been met was related to the receipt of certain regulatory approvals); (3) if there is a permanent, non-appealable injunction or law restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger; (4) if either party s stockholders fail to approve the transactions; (5) if the other party s board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the transactions; (6) if the other party materially breaches its non-solicitation covenant; or (7) if the other party has breached its representations or covenants in a way that prevents satisfaction of a closing condition, subject to a cure period. The Merger Agreement can also be terminated by Starz (x) in order to enter into a superior transaction (subject to compliance with certain terms and conditions included in the Merger Agreement) or (y) if Lions Gate fails to consummate the Merger when otherwise required because of a failure to receive its debt financing. 
    
  Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Starz will pay Lions Gate a termination fee of   $150 million   if (1) Starz terminates the Merger Agreement in order to enter into a superior transaction (subject to compliance with certain terms and conditions included in the Merger Agreement), (2) Lions Gate terminates the Merger Agreement because Starz  board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the transactions, (3) Lions Gate terminates the Merger Agreement because Starz materially breaches its non-solicitation covenant or (4) (a) an alternative transaction proposal is made to Starz, (b) thereafter the Merger Agreement is terminated (i) by either party for failure to consummate the Merger by the outside date (at such time as Starz  stockholders have failed to approve the transactions and such termination does not result in the payment of a termination fee by Lions Gate), (ii) by either party because Starz  stockholders fail to approve the transactions or (iii) by Lions Gate because Starz has breached its representations or covenants in a way that prevents satisfaction of a closing condition,  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

subject to a cure period, and (c) within   18   months of such termination, Starz enters into or consummates an alternative transaction. 
    
  Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Lions Gate will pay Starz (1) a termination fee of   $150 million   if either party terminates the Merger Agreement because Lions Gate s stockholders fail to approve the transactions, (2) a termination fee of   $175 million   if Starz terminates the Merger Agreement because Lions Gate s board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the transactions or because Lions Gate materially breaches its non-solicitation covenant, (3) a termination fee of   $250 million   if Starz terminates the Merger Agreement because Lions Gate fails to consummate the Merger when it would otherwise be required because of a failure to receive the debt financing and (4) a termination fee of   $175 million   if (a) an alternative transaction proposal is made to Lions Gate, (b) thereafter the Merger Agreement is terminated (i) by either party for failure to consummate the Merger by the outside date (at such time as Lions Gate s stockholders have failed to approve the transactions and such termination does not result in the payment of a termination fee by Starz), (ii) by either party because Lions Gate s stockholders fail to approve the transactions or (iii) by Starz because Lions Gate has breached its representations or covenants in a way that prevents satisfaction of a closing condition, subject to a cure period, and (c) within   18   months of such termination, Lions Gate enters into or consummates an alternative transaction. 
  A description of the Merger Agreement and other transactional documents was disclosed by the Company on a Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on July 1, 2016. On August 1, 2016, the Company filed a Form S-4 Registration Statement with the SEC, as amended, which includes detailed information regarding the merger.  
  Acquisition of Pilgrim Media Group.   On November 12, 2015, the Company purchased   62.5%   of the membership interests in Pilgrim Media Group, LLC ("Pilgrim Media Group"), a worldwide independent reality television producer and distributor. The aggregate purchase price was approximately   $201.7 million  . 
   The purchase price consisted of   $144.7 million   in cash and   1,517,451   of the Company's common shares, valued at   $57.0 million  . These shares were valued based on the closing price of the Company s common shares on the date of closing of the acquisition, discounted to the fair value of the shares considering certain transfer restrictions. The Company incurred approximately   $3.4 million   of acquisition-related costs that were expensed in general and administrative expenses during the year ended March 31, 2016. 
  The acquisition was accounted for as a purchase, with the results of operations of Pilgrim Media Group included in the Company's consolidated results from November 12, 2015. The purchase price of Pilgrim Media Group has been allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair value. The Company used DCF analyses, which represent Level 3 fair value measurements, to assess certain components of its purchase price allocation. The allocation of the purchase price, including the fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interest recognized, is as follows: 

Goodwill of   $211.5 million   represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the underlying tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The acquisition goodwill arises from the opportunity for synergies of the combined companies to grow and diversify the Company's television operations by adding nonfiction programming to complement its existing scripted production and syndication operations and leverage the strength of the Company's global distribution infrastructure. The goodwill recorded as part of this acquisition is included in the Television  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

Production segment. Although the goodwill will not be amortized for financial reporting purposes, it is anticipated that substantially all of the goodwill will be deductible for federal tax purposes over the statutory period of   15   years.  
    
  The following unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statement of operations information presented below illustrate the results of operations of the Company as if the acquisition of Pilgrim Media Group as described above occurred on April 1, 2015. The statements of operations information below includes the statement of income of Pilgrim Media Group for the six months ended June 30, 2015 combined with the Company's statement of operations for the six months ended September 30, 2015. 

Six Months Ended 

September 30, 

2015 

(Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
      Revenues 
      
    $ 
    964,348 
      
      Net loss attributable to Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. shareholders 
      
    $ 
    (2,438 
    ) 
      Basic Net Loss Per Common Share attributable to Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. shareholders 
      
    $ 
    (0.02 
    ) 
      Diluted Net Loss Per Common Share attributable to Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. shareholders 
      
    $ 
    (0.02 
    ) 

The unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated statement of operations information does not include adjustments for any restructuring activities, operating efficiencies or cost savings, and exclude certain one-time transactional costs of   $7.7 million   attributable to the noncontrolling shareholder expensed in connection with the transaction, as well as   $3.4 million   of acquisition-related costs that were expensed in general and administrative expenses during the year ended March 31, 2016. 
  There were no changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reporting segment in the three and six months ended September 30, 2016.  

10. Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 
    
  In connection with the acquisition of a controlling interest in Pilgrim Media Group on November 12, 2015, the Company recorded a redeemable noncontrolling interest of   $90.1 million  , representing   37.5%   of Pilgrim Media Group. The noncontrolling interest holder has a right to put and the Company has a right to call a portion of the noncontrolling interest, equal to   17.5%   of Pilgrim Media Group, at fair value, subject to a cap, exercisable at   five   years after the acquisition date of November 12, 2015. In addition, the noncontrolling interest holder has a right to put and the Company has a right to call the remaining amount of noncontrolling interest at fair value, subject to a cap, exercisable at   seven   years after the acquisition date of November 12, 2015. The put and call options have been determined to be embedded in the noncontrolling interest, and because the put rights are outside the control of the Company and require partial cash settlement, the noncontrolling interest holder's interest is presented as redeemable noncontrolling interest outside of shareholders' equity on the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
    
  In addition, the noncontrolling interest holder is the President and CEO of Pilgrim Media Group, who will continue in this role pursuant to an employment contract entered into at the time of closing. Pursuant to the operating agreement, if the employment of the noncontrolling interest holder is terminated, under certain circumstances as defined in the operating agreement, the Company can call and the noncontrolling interest holder can put the noncontrolling interest at a discount to fair value. The amount of the discount related to the   17.5%   noncontrolling interest is being expensed through the   five  -year call period, and the portion of the discount related to the remaining noncontrolling interest is being expensed over the   seven  -year call period. The amounts are included in general and administrative expense of Pilgrim Media Group and reflected as an addition to redeemable noncontrolling interest.  
    
  Redeemable noncontrolling interest is measured at the greater of (i) the redemption amount that would be paid if settlement occurred at the balance sheet date less the amount attributed to unamortized noncontrolling interest discount, as discussed above, or (ii) the historical value resulting from the original acquisition date value plus or minus any earnings or loss attribution, plus the amount of unamortized noncontrolling interest discount as discussed above. The amount of the redemption  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

value in excess of the historical values of the noncontrolling interest, if any, is recognized as an increase to noncontrolling interest and a charge to retained earnings. 
    
  The table below presents the reconciliation of changes in redeemable noncontrolling interest: 

11. Net Loss Per Share 
  Basic net loss per share is calculated based on the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Basic and diluted net loss per share for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are presented below: 

The exercise of common share equivalents including stock options, the conversion of convertible senior subordinated notes and restricted share units ("RSUs") could potentially dilute net income (loss) per share in the future, but were not reflected in diluted net loss per common share during the periods presented because their effect is anti-dilutive. 

12. Capital Stock 
    
  (a) Common Shares 
  The Company had   500 million   authorized common shares at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  . The table below outlines common shares reserved for future issuance: 

25 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

The Company's 2012 Performance Incentive Plan was amended on October 3, 2016 (the "2012 Plan") to provide for the issuance of up to   31.6 million   (an increase of   4.0 million  ) common shares of the Company, stock options, share appreciation rights, restricted shares, stock bonuses and other forms of awards granted or denominated in common shares or units of common shares of the Company, as well as certain cash bonus awards to eligible directors of the Company, officers or employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, and certain consultants and advisors to the Company or any of its subsidiaries.  
    
  (b) Share-based Compensation 
    
  The Company recognized the following share-based compensation expense during the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  : 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Represents the impact of the acceleration of certain vesting schedules for stock options and restricted share units pursuant to certain severance arrangements. 
              (2) 
    Represents the income tax benefit recognized in the statements of operations for share-based compensation arrangements. 

26 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

The following table sets forth the stock option and restricted share unit activity during the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  : 

There were   no   excess tax benefits realized from tax deductions associated with option exercises and RSU activity for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   (  2015   -   none  ). 
  Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options and restricted share unit awards at   September 30, 2016   are   $34.5 million   and   $24.5 million  , respectively, and are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of   1.0   and   1.6   years, respectively. 
    
  (c) Dividends 
    
  On September 22, 2016, the Company announced that, as contemplated in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2016, as amended, its Board of Directors suspended the Company s quarterly cash dividend beginning immediately due to its anticipated merger with Starz. 
    
  (d) Shareholder Transactions 
    
  In November 2015, the Company was advised that each of Liberty Global Incorporated Limited ( Liberty ), a limited company organized under the laws of the United Kingdom and a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Global plc, and Discovery Lightning Investments Ltd. ( Discovery ), a limited company organized under the laws of the United Kingdom and a wholly owned subsidiary of Discovery Communications, Inc., agreed to each purchase   5,000,000   common shares,   no   par value per share, of the Company from funds affiliated with MHR Fund Management, LLC ( MHR Fund Management ). In connection with the purchases, the Company entered into separate registration rights agreements with each of Liberty and Discovery, and amended the registration rights agreement with MHR Fund Management, which provide Liberty, Discovery and MHR Fund Management (together with certain of their affiliates) with certain registration rights, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. The Company also entered into an underwriting agreement with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, as underwriter, Liberty, Discovery and Bank of America, N.A. in connection with a registered underwritten secondary public offering of the common shares. Among other transaction costs, the Company has incurred expenses on behalf of MHR Fund Management for certain costs related to the registration and offering of the common shares. Such costs, amounting to approximately   $0.8 million  , were included in general and administration expense in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended March 31, 2016. Mark H. Rachesky, the Chairman of the Board of the Company, is the principal of MHR Fund Management, which holds approximately   20.4%   of the Company s outstanding common stock as of November 1, 2016. The registration and offering were disclosed by the Company on Current Reports on Form 8-K dated November 10, 2015 and November 13, 2015.  

13. Income Taxes  
  In the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company determined that a small change in its estimated pretax results for the year ending March 31, 2017 would create a large change in its expected annual effective rate.  Accordingly, it was determined that a reliable estimate of the expected annual effective tax rate could not be made. As a result, the Company computed its tax provision (benefit) using the cut-off method which resulted in an income tax benefit of   $53.6 million   and   $79.9 million   for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, based on the actual taxes attributable to its year-to-date earnings. This tax benefit is primarily related to the mix of the Company's pre-tax income (loss) generated across the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates in addition to the tax deductions generated by the Company's capital structure.  
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

The income tax provision for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015 was calculated by estimating the Company's annual effective tax rate, and then applying the effective tax rate to income before income taxes for the period, along with any items that relate discretely to the period. 
  The Company's effective tax rate differs from the federal statutory rate, has changed from the prior period and could fluctuate significantly in the future, as the Company's effective tax rates are affected by many factors, including the overall level of pre-tax income, the mix of pre-tax income generated across the various jurisdictions in which the Company operates, changes in tax laws and regulations in those jurisdictions, changes in valuation allowances on its deferred tax assets, tax planning strategies available to the Company, and other discrete items.  

14. Government Assistance 
  Tax credits earned for film and television production activity for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   totaled   $30.1 million   and   $54.2 million  , respectively (2015 -    $85.9 million   and   $103.6 million  , respectively) and are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the related film and television program. Accounts receivable at   September 30, 2016   includes   $290.7 million   with respect to tax credits receivable (March 31, 2016 -   $257.1 million  ).  
  The Company is subject to routine inquiries and review by regulatory authorities of its various incentive claims which have been received or are receivable. Adjustments of claims have generally not been material historically. 

15. Segment Information 
  The Company s reportable segments are determined based on the distinct nature of their operations and each segment is a strategic business unit that offers different products and services and is managed separately. The Company has   two   reportable business segments as of   September 30, 2016  : Motion Pictures and Television Production. 
  Motion Pictures consists of the development and production of feature films, acquisition of North American and worldwide distribution rights, North American theatrical, home entertainment and television distribution of feature films produced and acquired, and worldwide licensing of distribution rights to feature films produced and acquired. 
  Television Production consists of the development, production and worldwide distribution of television productions including television series, television movies and mini-series, and non-fiction programming. 

28 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

Segment information by business unit is as follows: 

Gross segment contribution is defined as segment revenue less segment direct operating and distribution and marketing expenses, and excludes purchase accounting and related adjustments, start-up costs of new business initiatives, non-cash imputed interest charge, and backstopped prints and advertising ("P A") expense. Gross segment contribution amounts for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015 reflect the reclassification of   $2.9 million   and   $6.8 million  , respectively, of backstopped P A from Motion Pictures distribution and marketing expenses in order to be consistent with the current period presentation.  
  Segment profit is defined as gross segment contribution less segment general and administration expenses. The reconciliation of total segment profit to the Company s loss before income taxes is as follows: 

29 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Restructuring and other items includes restructuring and severance costs, certain transaction related costs, and certain unusual items, when applicable, included in general and administrative expense. Amounts in the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 primarily represent professional fees associated with the Starz Transaction (see Note 9) and certain severance costs, of which approximately   $2.4 million   are non-cash charges resulting from the acceleration of vesting of stock awards (see Note 12). Amounts in the three and six months ended September 30, 2015 represent pension withdrawal costs of   $2.7 million   related to an underfunded multi-employer pension plan that the Company is no longer participating in, and professional fees associated with certain strategic transactions. 
              (2) 
    Non-cash imputed interest charge represents a charge associated with the interest cost of long-term accounts receivable for Television Production licensed product that become due beyond one-year. 
              (3) 
    Purchase accounting and related adjustments in the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 represent the incremental amortization expense associated with the non-cash fair value adjustments on television assets of   $3.3 million   and   $7.7 million  , respectively, included in direct operating expense resulting from the application of purchase accounting and the charge of   $1.3 million   and   $2.5 million  , respectively, included in general and administrative expense related to the accretion of the noncontrolling interest discount (see Note 10). 
              (4) 
    Start-up losses of new business initiatives represent losses associated with the Company's direct to consumer initiatives including its subscription video-on-demand platforms. In the three and six months ended September 30, 2016,   $3.2 million   and   $5.9 million  , respectively, of the start-up losses are included in the Company's consolidated general and administrative expense (2015 -   $0.4 million   and   $0.4 million  , respectively). 
              (5) 
    Backstopped P A represents the amount of theatrical marketing expense for third party titles that the Company funded and expensed for which a third party provides a first dollar loss guarantee (subject to a cap) that such expense will be recouped from the performance of the film (which results in minimal risk of loss to the Company). The amount represents the P A expense incurred and expensed net of the impact of expensing the P A cost over the revenue streams similar to a participation expense (i.e., the P A under these arrangements are being expensed similar to a participation cost for purposes of measuring segment profit). 

30 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

The following table sets forth revenues by media as broken down by segment for the three and six months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

The following table sets forth significant assets as broken down by segment and other unallocated assets as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  : 

31 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

The following table sets forth acquisition of investment in films and television programs as broken down by segment for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Purchases of property and equipment amounted to   $3.4 million   and   $6.3 million   for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $3.6 million   and   $6.9 million   for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively, primarily pertaining to purchases for the Company s corporate headquarters.  

16. Contingencies 
    
  From time to time, the Company is involved in certain claims and legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. While the resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe, based on current knowledge, that the outcome of any currently pending legal proceedings in which the Company is currently involved will have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flow. 
    
  Between July 19, 2016 and August 30, 2016,   seven   putative class action complaints were filed by purported Starz stockholders in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware:   Freedman v. Malone, et al.  , C.A. No. 12571-VCG;   Oklahoma Police Pension   Retirement System v. Malone, et al.  , C.A. No. 12584-VCG;   The Firemen s Retirement System of St. Louis v. Malone, et al.  , C.A. No. 12596-VCG;   City of Cambridge Retirement System v. Malone, et al.  , C.A. No. 12598-VCG;   Norfolk County Retirement System v. Malone, et al.  , C.A. No. 12599-VCG;   City of Providence v. Starz, et al.  , C.A. No. 12604; and   Teamsters Local 170 Pension Fund v. Lions Gate Entertainment Corp., et al.  , C.A. No. 12705. The complaints name as defendants the members of the board of directors of Starz, Dr. Malone and Mr. Bennett, as well as Lions Gate and Merger Sub. Some of the complaints also name as defendants Starz, Leslie Malone, The Tracey L. Neal Trust A, The Evan D. Malone Trust A, Deborah J. Bennett, Hilltop Investments, LLC ( Hilltop ), Dr. Rachesky and LionTree. The complaints allege, among other things, that the members of the Starz board of directors breached fiduciary duties owed to Starz and the holders of Starz Series A common stock in connection with the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; that Dr. Malone (and, in one action, Mr. Bennett) is a controlling stockholder who breached fiduciary duties owed to other Starz stockholders in connection with the merger (and, in certain of the actions, by entering into the exchange agreement); and that some or all of Starz, Lions Gate, Merger Sub, The Tracey L. Neal Trust A, The Evan D. Malone Trust A, Deborah J. Bennett, Hilltop, and LionTree aided and abetted such breaches of fiduciary duty. Some or all of the complaints seek, among other relief, rescission of the proposed merger, an injunction to prevent the merger from proceeding, a judgment declaring the exchange agreement is invalid and void, damages, and/or attorneys  fees. The actions have been consolidated into   In re Starz Stockholder Litigation  , Consolidated C.A. No. 12584-VCG, and the plaintiffs in the consolidated action filed a verified consolidated class action complaint on August 16, 2016. On August 18, 2016, plaintiffs in the consolidated action filed a motion for expedited proceedings. On September 22, 2016, the court denied the motion. 
    
  On August 9, 2016, a putative class action complaint was filed by a purported Starz stockholder in the District Court for the City and County of Denver, Colorado:   Gross v. John C. Malone, et al.  , 2016-CV-32873. The complaint names as defendants the members of the board of directors of Starz, Dr. Malone and Mr. Bennett, as well as Lions Gate and Merger Sub. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the members of the Starz board of directors breached fiduciary duties owed to Starz and the holders of Starz Series A common stock in connection with the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and that Dr. Malone, Mr. Bennett, Lions Gate, and Merger Sub aided and abetted such breaches of fiduciary duty.  
    
  On October 7, 2016, a putative class action complaint was filed by a purported Lions Gate stockholder in the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of Nassau:   Levy v. Malone, et al.  , Index No. 607759/2016. The complaint names as defendants Lions Gate and the members of its board of directors. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

members of the Lions Gate board of directors breached fiduciary duties owed to Lions Gate stockholders and/or aided and abetted breaches of fiduciary duties by others in connection with the proposed merger, and that Lions Gate and the members of its board of directors failed to disclose material information in the amended joint proxy statement/prospectus on Form S-4/A filed on September 7, 2016 in connection with the proposed merger. Defendants believe that the complaints are without merit and intend to defend the actions vigorously. 

17. Consolidating Financial Information   Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes 
    
  The January 2012   4.00%   Notes and the April 2013   1.25%   Notes by their terms, are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. LGEI, the issuer of the January 2012   4.00%   Notes and the April 2013   1.25%   Notes that are guaranteed by the Company, is   100%   owned by the parent company guarantor, Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. 
    
  The following tables present condensed consolidating financial information as of   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016  , and for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   for (1) the Company, on a stand-alone basis, (2) LGEI, on a stand-alone basis, (3) the non-guarantor subsidiaries of the Company (including the subsidiaries of LGEI), on a combined basis (collectively, the  Non-guarantor Subsidiaries ) and (4) the Company, on a consolidated basis. 

33 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

34 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

35 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

36 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

37 

     Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

38 

Table of Contents  
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       (Continued) 

18. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  The Company enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge its foreign currency exposures on future production expenses and tax credit receivables denominated in various foreign currencies. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had the following outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts (all outstanding contracts have maturities of less than   18   months from   September 30, 2016  ): 

Changes in the fair value representing a net unrealized fair value gain (loss) on foreign exchange contracts that qualified as effective hedge contracts outstanding during the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   were losses, net of tax, of   $0.4 million   and   $3.0 million  , respectively (2015 - gains, net of tax, of   $3.0 million   and   $3.0 million  , respectively), and are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss, a separate component of shareholders  equity. Changes in the fair value representing a net unrealized fair value loss on foreign exchange contracts that did not qualify as effective hedge contracts outstanding during the three months and six months ended   September 30, 2016   were   nil   and   $0.4 million  , respectively (2015 - gain of   nil   and   $0.1 million  , respectively) and are included in direct operating expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The Company monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions that are party to its financial transactions. 
   As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $7.1 million   was included in other assets and   $0.2 million   in accounts payable and accrued liabilities (  March 31, 2016   -   $9.4 million   in other assets and   $0.7 million   in accounts payable and accrued liabilities) in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets related to the Company's use of foreign currency derivatives.  The Company classifies its forward foreign exchange contracts within Level 2 as the valuation inputs are based on quoted prices and market observable data of similar instruments. 
  During the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company reclassified a loss of   $0.6 million   and a gain of   $2.9 million  , respectively, out of accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings. As of   September 30, 2016  , based on the current release schedule, the Company estimates approximately   $1.1 million   of gains associated with cash flow hedges in accumulated other comprehensive loss to be reclassified into earnings during the one-year period ending September 30, 2017.   

19. Supplementary Cash Flow Statement Information 
    
  The supplemental schedule of non-cash financing activities for the   six months ended     September 30, 2015   is presented below (none in the six months ended September 30, 2016).  

There were no significant non-cash investing activities for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

39 

Table of Contents  

20. Subsequent Events  
    
  At the time of the Merger Agreement (June 30, 2016), Lionsgate had commitments of approximately   $4.57 billion   from banks to provide for (i) a   $1.9 billion   term loan B facility, (ii) a   $1.0 billion   term loan A facility, (iii) a   $1.0 billion   revolving credit facility (iv) a   $520 million   unsecured bridge facility and (v) a   $150 million   unsecured funded bridge facility.  
    
  On October 27, 2016, the Company closed a private offering of   $520 million   of senior notes due 2024 (the "  5.875%   Notes"). The   5.875%   Notes bear interest at a rate of   5.875%   per annum. The   5.875%   Notes replace the   $520 million   unsecured bridge facility mentioned in the preceding paragraph. 
    
  On October 13, 2016, the Company announced that the lead arrangers for its new proposed senior secured credit facilities have allocated the loans under the Company s   $2.0 billion   (reflecting an increase from the original commitment of   $1.9 billion  ) term loan B facility. The Company expects that the term loan B facility will be issued at   99.5%   and will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR (subject to a LIBOR floor of   0.75%  ) plus   3.00%  . The commitments with respect to the revolving credit facility, term loan A facility, term loan B facility and the unsecured bridge facility and the terms and conditions thereof (including the applicable interest rates) remain subject to the execution of definitive documentation, which is expected to occur concurrently with or in advance of the consummation of the Merger. 
    
  The Company expects that the revolving credit facility and the term loan A facility will initially bear interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus   2.50%  , subject to reductions in the interest rate of up to   50   basis points (  two   reductions of   25   basis points each) upon achievement of certain net first lien leverage ratios. 
    
  The Company expects to use the proceeds of the   5.875%   Notes, term loan A facility, term loan B facility, and the unsecured bridge facility, as well as a portion of the revolving credit facility, currently expected to be   $50 million   to finance a portion of the consideration and transaction costs for its proposed merger with Starz and the associated transactions. 

ITEM 2.     MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Overview 
  Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. ( Lionsgate,  the  Company,   we,   us  or  our ) is a premier next generation global content leader with a diversified presence in motion picture production and distribution, television programming and syndication, home entertainment, international distribution and sales, branded channel platforms, interactive ventures and games, and location-based entertainment. Although our business is both global and diverse, we classify our operations through two reporting segments:   Motion Pictures   and   Television Production  . 
    
  Starz Transaction 
  Starz Transaction.   On June 30, 2016, Lionsgate and Starz entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") under which Lionsgate will acquire Starz for a combination of cash and common stock totaling approximately   $4.4 billion   enterprise value (the "Starz Transaction"). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, immediately prior to consummation of the proposed merger, Lionsgate will effect the reclassification of its capital stock, pursuant to which each existing Lionsgate common share will be converted into   0.5   shares of a newly issued class of Lionsgate Class A voting shares and   0.5   shares of a newly issued class of Lionsgate Class B non-voting shares, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement.  Following the reclassification, in the proposed merger, (a) each share of Starz Series A common stock will be converted into the right to receive   $18.00   in cash and   0.6784   of a share of Lionsgate Class B non-voting shares, and (b) each share of Starz Series B common stock will be converted into the right to receive   $7.26   in cash,   0.6321   of a share of Lionsgate Class B non-voting shares and   0.6321   of a share of Lionsgate Class A voting shares, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement. The total enterprise value of Starz based on the estimated value of purchase price consideration is approximately   $4.4 billion  , including cash, equity and Starz debt to be assumed. The Merger Agreement has been approved by the boards of directors of Lionsgate and Starz and will be submitted to their respective shareholders for approval as well as to regulatory authorities. 
  At the time of the Merger Agreement, Lionsgate had commitments of approximately   $4.57 billion   from banks to provide for (i) a   $1.9 billion   term loan B facility, (ii) a   $1.0 billion   term loan A facility, (iii) a   $1.0 billion   revolving credit facility (iv) a   $520 million   unsecured bridge facility and (v) a   $150 million   unsecured funded bridge facility.  
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

On October 27, 2016, the Company closed a private offering of   $520 million   of senior notes due 2024 (the "  5.875%   Notes"). The   5.875%   Notes bear interest at a rate of   5.875%   per annum. The   5.875%   Notes replace the   $520 million   unsecured bridge facility mentioned in the preceding paragraph. 
  On October 13, 2016, the Company announced that the lead arrangers for its new proposed senior secured credit facilities have allocated the loans under the Company s   $2.0 billion   (reflecting an increase from the original commitment of   $1.9 billion  ) term loan B facility. The Company expects that the term loan B facility will be issued at   99.5%   and will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR (subject to a LIBOR floor of   0.75%  ) plus   3.00%  . The commitments with respect to the revolving credit facility, term loan A facility, term loan B facility and the unsecured bridge facility and the terms and conditions thereof (including the applicable interest rates) remain subject to the execution of definitive documentation, which is expected to occur concurrently with or in advance of the consummation of the Merger. 
  The Company expects that the revolving credit facility and the term loan A facility will initially bear interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus   2.50%  , subject to reductions in the interest rate of up to   50   basis points (  two   reductions of   25   basis points each) upon achievement of certain net first lien leverage ratios. 
  The Company expects to use the proceeds of the   5.875%   Notes, term loan A facility, term loan B facility, and the unsecured bridge facility, as well as a portion of the revolving credit facility currently expected to be   $50 million   to finance a portion of the consideration and transaction costs for its proposed merger with Starz and the associated transactions. 
  In connection with the Merger Agreement, on June 30, 2016, Lions Gate entered into a Stock Exchange Agreement (the "Starz Exchange Agreement") with Orion Arm Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. ("Merger Sub") and certain stockholders of Starz (the "Exchange Stockholders"), pursuant to which, if the Merger Agreement is terminated (1) by Lionsgate because Starz' board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the transactions (2) by Starz in order to enter into a superior transaction or (3) by either party because Starz' stockholders fail to approve the transactions, then the Exchange Stockholders will sell to Merger Sub all shares of Starz Series B Common Stock held by the Exchange Stockholders (the "Starz Exchange Shares"), which as of June 30, 2016 constituted approximately 69.9% of the total voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of Starz Series B Common Stock, in exchange for per share consideration of $7.26 in cash and 1.2642 newly issued shares of Lionsgate Common Stock (the "Lions Gate Exchange Shares"). At the election of Dr. John C. Malone, or if Lionsgate should fail to receive the required stockholder approval to issue the Lions Gate Exchange Shares, the Exchange Stockholders will instead receive per share consideration of $36.30 in cash for each Starz Exchange Share. Lions Gate plans to seek such required stockholder approval at the same meeting where it will seek the required approvals pursuant to the Merger Agreement.  
  The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for Lions Gate and Starz. The Merger Agreement can be terminated by either party (1) by mutual written consent; (2) if the Merger has not been consummated by an outside date of December 31, 2016 (which either party may generally extend to March 31, 2017 if the only closing condition that would not have been met was related to the receipt of certain regulatory approvals); (3) if there is a permanent, non-appealable injunction or law restraining or prohibiting the consummation of the Merger; (4) if either party s stockholders fail to approve the transactions; (5) if the other party s board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the transactions; (6) if the other party materially breaches its non-solicitation covenant; or (7) if the other party has breached its representations or covenants in a way that prevents satisfaction of a closing condition, subject to a cure period. The Merger Agreement can also be terminated by Starz (x) in order to enter into a superior transaction (subject to compliance with certain terms and conditions included in the Merger Agreement) or (y) if Lions Gate fails to consummate the Merger when otherwise required because of a failure to receive its debt financing. 
  Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Starz will pay Lions Gate a termination fee of   $150 million   if (1) Starz terminates the Merger Agreement in order to enter into a superior transaction (subject to compliance with certain terms and conditions included in the Merger Agreement), (2) Lions Gate terminates the Merger Agreement because Starz  board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the transactions, (3) Lions Gate terminates the Merger Agreement because Starz materially breaches its non-solicitation covenant or (4) (a) an alternative transaction proposal is made to Starz, (b) thereafter the Merger Agreement is terminated (i) by either party for failure to consummate the Merger by the outside date (at such time as Starz  stockholders have failed to approve the transactions and such termination does not result in the payment of a termination fee by Lions Gate), (ii) by either party because Starz  stockholders fail to approve the transactions or (iii) by Lions Gate because Starz has breached its representations or covenants in a way that prevents satisfaction of a closing condition, subject to a cure period, and (c) within   18   months of such termination, Starz enters into or consummates an alternative transaction. 
  Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Lions Gate will pay Starz (1) a termination fee of   $150 million   if either party terminates the Merger Agreement because Lions Gate s stockholders fail to approve the transactions, (2) a termination fee of   $175 million   if Starz terminates the Merger Agreement because Lions Gate s board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the transactions or because Lions Gate materially breaches its non-solicitation covenant, (3) a termination fee of   $250 million   if Starz terminates the Merger Agreement because Lions Gate fails to consummate the Merger  
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

when it would otherwise be required because of a failure to receive the debt financing and (4) a termination fee of   $175 million   if (a) an alternative transaction proposal is made to Lions Gate, (b) thereafter the Merger Agreement is terminated (i) by either party for failure to consummate the Merger by the outside date (at such time as Lions Gate s stockholders have failed to approve the transactions and such termination does not result in the payment of a termination fee by Starz), (ii) by either party because Lions Gate s stockholders fail to approve the transactions or (iii) by Starz because Lions Gate has breached its representations or covenants in a way that prevents satisfaction of a closing condition, subject to a cure period, and (c) within   18   months of such termination, Lions Gate enters into or consummates an alternative transaction. 
  A description of the Merger Agreement and other transactional documents was disclosed by the Company on a Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 30, 2016, filed with the SEC on July 1, 2016. On August 1, 2016, the Company filed a Form S-4 Registration Statement with the SEC, as amended, which includes detailed information regarding the merger. 
  Revenues 
  Our revenues are derived from the Motion Pictures and Television Production segments, as described below. Our revenues are derived from the U.S., Canada, the United Kingdom and other foreign countries. None of the non-U.S. countries individually comprised greater than 10% of total revenues for the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. 
  Motion Pictures    
  Our Motion Pictures     segment includes revenues derived from the following: 
             
    Theatrical.   Theatrical revenues are derived from the domestic theatrical release of motion pictures licensed to theatrical exhibitors on a picture-by-picture basis (distributed by us directly in the U.S. and through a sub-distributor in Canada). The revenues from Canada are reported net of distribution fees and release expenses of the Canadian sub-distributor. The financial terms that we negotiate with our theatrical exhibitors in the U.S. generally provide that we receive a percentage of the box office results and are negotiated on a picture-by-picture basis. 
                
    Home Entertainment.   Home Entertainment revenues are derived from the sale or rental of our film productions and acquired or licensed films and certain television programs (including theatrical and direct-to-video releases) on packaged media and through digital media platforms. In addition, we have revenue sharing arrangements with certain digital media platforms which generally provide that, in exchange for a nominal or no upfront sales price, we share in the rental or sales revenues generated by the platform on a title-by-title basis. We categorize our Home Entertainment revenue as follows: 
                
    Packaged media revenue  : Packaged media revenue consists of the sale or rental of DVDs and Blu-ray discs. 
                
    Digital media revenue  : Digital media revenue consists of revenues generated from pay-per-view and video-on-demand platforms, electronic sell-through ( EST ), and digital rental. 
                
    Television.   Television revenues are primarily derived from the licensing of our theatrical productions and acquired films to the linear pay, basic cable and free television markets. 
                
    International.   International revenues are derived from the licensing of our productions, acquired films, our catalog product and libraries of acquired titles from our international subsidiaries to international distributors, on a territory-by-territory basis. International revenues also includes revenues from the direct distribution of our productions, acquired films, and our catalog product and libraries of acquired titles in the United Kingdom. 
                
    Motion Pictures - Other.   Other revenues are derived from, among others, our interactive ventures and games division, our global franchise management and strategic partnerships division (which includes location-based entertainment), the sales and licensing of music from the theatrical exhibition of our films and the television broadcast of our productions, and from the licensing of our films and television programs to ancillary markets. 
     Television Production 
  Our   Television Production   segment includes revenues derived from the following: 
             
    Domestic Television.   Domestic television revenues are derived from the licensing and syndication to domestic markets of one-hour and half-hour scripted and unscripted series, television movies, mini-series and non-fiction programming.   
                
    International.   International revenues are derived from the licensing and syndication to international markets of one-hour and half-hour scripted and unscripted series, television movies, mini-series and non-fiction programming.   
     
   42 

     Table of Contents  

Home Entertainment.   Home entertainment revenues are derived from the sale or rental of television production movies or series on packaged media and through digital media platforms. Home entertainment revenue consists of packaged media revenue and digital media revenue. 
                
    Television Production - Other.   Other revenues are derived from, among others, product integration in our television episodes and programs, the sales and licensing of music from the television broadcasts of our productions, and from the licensing of our television programs to ancillary markets.  
     Expenses 
  Our primary operating expenses include direct operating expenses, distribution and marketing expenses and general and administration expenses. 
  Direct operating expenses include amortization of film and television production or acquisition costs, participation and residual expenses, provision for doubtful accounts, and foreign exchange gains and losses. Participation costs represent contingent consideration payable based on the performance of the film or television program to parties associated with the film or television program, including producers, writers, directors or actors. Residuals represent amounts payable to various unions or  guilds  such as the SAG - AFTRA, Directors Guild of America, and Writers Guild of America, based on the performance of the film or television program in certain ancillary markets or based on the individual s (i.e., actor, director, writer) salary level in the television market. 
  Distribution and marketing expenses primarily include the costs of theatrical  prints and advertising  ( P A ) and of DVD/Blu-ray duplication and marketing. Theatrical P A includes the costs of the theatrical prints delivered to theatrical exhibitors and the advertising and marketing cost associated with the theatrical release of the picture. DVD/Blu-ray duplication represents the cost of the DVD/Blu-ray product and the manufacturing costs associated with creating the physical products. DVD/Blu-ray marketing costs represent the cost of advertising the product at or near the time of its release or special promotional advertising. 
  General and administration expenses include salaries and other overhead. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The application of the following accounting policies, which are important to our financial position and results of operations, requires significant judgments and estimates on the part of management. As described more fully below, these estimates bear the risk of change due to the inherent uncertainty attached to the estimate. In some cases, changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. For example, accounting for films and television programs requires us to estimate future revenue and expense amounts which, due to the inherent uncertainties involved in making such estimates, are likely to differ to some extent from actual results. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. For a summary of all of our accounting policies, including the accounting policies discussed below, see Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on May 25, 2016. 
  Accounting for Films and Television Programs.   We capitalize costs of production and acquisition, including financing costs and production overhead, to investment in films and television programs. These costs for an individual film or television program are amortized and participation and residual costs are accrued to direct operating expenses in the proportion that current year s revenues bear to management s estimates of the ultimate revenue at the beginning of the current year expected to be recognized from exploitation, exhibition or sale of such film or television program. Ultimate revenue includes estimates over a period not to exceed ten years following the date of initial release of the motion picture. For an episodic television series, the period over which ultimate revenues are estimated cannot exceed ten years following the date of delivery of the first episode, or, if still in production, five years from the date of delivery of the most recent episode, if later. For previously released films or television programs acquired as part of a library, ultimate revenue includes estimates over a period not to exceed twenty years from the date of acquisition. 
  Due to the inherent uncertainties involved in making such estimates of ultimate revenues and expenses, these estimates have differed in the past from actual results and are likely to differ to some extent in the future from actual results. In addition,  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

in the normal course of our business, some films and titles are more successful than anticipated and some are less successful than anticipated. Our management regularly reviews and revises when necessary its ultimate revenue and cost estimates, which may result in a change in the rate of amortization of film costs and participations and residuals and/or write-down of all or a portion of the unamortized costs of the film or television program to its estimated fair value. Our management estimates the ultimate revenue based on experience with similar titles or title genre, the general public appeal of the cast, actual performance (when available) at the box office or in markets currently being exploited, and other factors such as the quality and acceptance of motion pictures or programs that our competitors release into the marketplace at or near the same time, critical reviews, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, many of which we do not control and which may change. 
  An increase in the estimate of ultimate revenue will generally result in a lower amortization rate and, therefore, less film and television program amortization expense, while a decrease in the estimate of ultimate revenue will generally result in a higher amortization rate and, therefore, higher film and television program amortization expense, and also periodically results in a write-down of the film cost to the title s fair value. These write-downs are included in amortization expense within direct operating expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Investment in films and television programs is stated at the lower of amortized cost or estimated fair value. The valuation of investment in films and television programs is reviewed on a title-by-title basis, when an event or change in circumstances indicates that the fair value of a film or television program is less than its unamortized cost. In determining the fair value of our films and television programs, we employ a discounted cash flows ("DCF") methodology with assumptions for cash flows. Key inputs employed in the DCF methodology include estimates of a film's ultimate revenue and costs as well as a discount rate. The discount rate utilized in the DCF analysis is based on our weighted average cost of capital plus a risk premium representing the risk associated with producing a particular film or television program. The fair value of any film costs associated with a film or television program that we plan to abandon is zero. As the primary determination of fair value is determined using a DCF model, the resulting fair value is considered a Level 3 measurement (as defined in Note 8 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). Additional amortization is recorded in the amount by which the unamortized costs exceed the estimated fair value of the film or television program. Estimates of future revenue involve measurement uncertainty and it is therefore possible that reductions in the carrying value of investment in films and television programs may be required as a consequence of changes in our future revenue estimates. 
  Revenue Recognition.   Revenue from the theatrical release of feature films is recognized at the time of exhibition based on our participation in box office receipts. Revenue from the sale of DVDs and Blu-ray discs in the retail market, net of an allowance for estimated returns and other allowances, is recognized on the later of receipt by the customer or  street date  (when it is available for sale by the customer). Under revenue sharing arrangements, including digital and EST arrangements, such as download-to-own, download-to-rent, video-on-demand, and subscription video-on-demand, revenue is recognized when we are entitled to receipts and such receipts are determinable. Revenues from television or digital licensing for fixed fees are recognized when the feature film or television program is available to the licensee for telecast. For television licenses that include separate availability  windows  during the license period, revenue is allocated over the  windows.  Revenue from sales to international territories are recognized when access to the feature film or television program has been granted or delivery has occurred, as required under the sales contract, and the right to exploit the feature film or television program has commenced. For multiple media rights contracts with a fee for a single film or television program where the contract provides for media holdbacks (defined as contractual media release restrictions), the fee is allocated to the various media based on our assessment of the relative fair value of the rights to exploit each media and is recognized as each holdback is released. For multiple-title contracts with a fee, the fee is allocated on a title-by-title basis, based on our assessment of the relative fair value of each title. The primary estimate requiring the most subjectivity and judgment involving revenue recognition is the estimate of sales returns associated with our revenue from the sale of DVDs/Blu-ray discs in the retail market which is discussed separately below under the caption  Sales Returns Allowance.  
  Sales Returns Allowance.   Revenues are recorded net of estimated returns and other allowances. We estimate reserves for DVD/Blu-ray returns based on previous returns experience, point-of-sale data available from certain retailers, current economic trends, and projected future sales of the title to the consumer based on the actual performance of similar titles on a title-by-title basis in each of the DVD/Blu-ray businesses. Factors affecting actual returns include, among other factors, limited retail shelf space at various times of the year, success of advertising or other sales promotions, and the near term release of competing titles. We believe that our estimates have been materially accurate in the past; however, due to the judgment involved in establishing reserves, we may have adjustments to our historical estimates in the future. Our estimate of future returns affects reported revenue and operating income. If we underestimate the impact of future returns in a particular period, then we may record less revenue in later periods when returns exceed the estimated amounts. If we overestimate the impact of future returns in a particular period, then we may record additional revenue in later periods when returns are less than estimated. An incremental change of 1% in our estimated sales returns rate (i.e., provisions for returns divided by gross sales of related product) for home entertainment products would have had an impact of approximately $1.3 million and $2.4 million on our  
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  

total revenue in the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively (2015 - $1.3 million and $2.2 million, respectively). 
  Provisions for Accounts Receivable.   We estimate provisions for accounts receivable based on historical experience and relevant facts and information regarding the collectability of the accounts receivable. In performing this evaluation, significant judgments and estimates are involved, including an analysis of specific risks on a customer-by-customer basis for our larger customers and an analysis of the length of time receivables have been past due. The financial condition of a given customer and its ability to pay may change over time or could be better or worse than anticipated and could result in an increase or decrease to our allowance for doubtful accounts, which, when the impact of such change is material, is disclosed in our discussion on direct operating expenses elsewhere in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
  Income Taxes.   We are subject to federal and state income taxes in the U.S., and in several foreign jurisdictions. We record deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carryforwards and certain temporary differences, net of applicable reserves. We recognize a future tax benefit to the extent that realization of such benefit is more likely than not; otherwise a valuation allowance is applied. In order to realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets, we will need to generate sufficient taxable income in the future. However, the assessment as to whether there will be sufficient taxable income to realize our net deferred tax assets is an estimate which could change in the future depending primarily upon the actual performance of our Company. We will be required to continually evaluate the more likely than not assessment that our net deferred tax assets will be realized, and if operating results deteriorate, we may need to reestablish all or a portion of the valuation allowance through a charge to our income tax provision.  
    
  Our quarterly income tax provision (benefit) and our corresponding annual effective tax rate are based on expected income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. For interim financial reporting, except in circumstances as described in the following paragraph, we estimate the annual effective tax rate based on projected taxable income for the full year and record a quarterly tax provision in accordance with the expected annual effective tax rate. As the year progresses, we refine the estimates of the year s taxable income as new information becomes available, including year-to-date financial results. This continual estimation process often results in a change to our expected annual effective tax rate for the year. When this occurs, we adjust our income tax provision during the quarter in which the change in estimate occurs so that the year-to-date income tax provision reflects the expected annual effective tax rate. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. 
    
  When a small change in our estimated pretax results would create a large change in our expected annual effective rate such that a reliable estimate of the expected annual effective tax rate cannot be made, as was the case for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we calculate the income tax provision (benefit) using the cut-off method. 
  Our effective tax rates differ from the federal statutory rate and are affected by many factors, including the overall level of pre-tax income, mix of our pre-tax income generated across the various jurisdictions in which we operate, changes in tax laws and regulations in those jurisdictions, changes in valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets, tax planning strategies available to us and other discrete items. 
  Goodwill.   Goodwill is reviewed for impairment each fiscal year or between the annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. We perform our annual impairment test as of January 1 in each fiscal year. We performed our last annual impairment test on our goodwill as of January 1, 2016 by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it was necessary to perform the two-step annual goodwill impairment test. Based on our qualitative assessments, including but not limited to, the results of our most recent quantitative impairment test, consideration of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cash flows, and changes in our share price, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units was greater than their carrying value. 
    
  Consolidation.   We consolidate entities in which we own more than 50% of the voting common stock and control operations and also variable interest entities for which we are the primary beneficiary. Investments in nonconsolidated affiliates in which we own more than 20% of the voting common stock or otherwise exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies, but not control of the nonconsolidated affiliate, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Investments in nonconsolidated affiliates in which we own less than 20% of the voting common stock are accounted for using the cost method of accounting. 
    
  Business Combinations.   We account for our business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. Identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree are recognized and measured as of the acquisition date at fair value. Goodwill is recognized to the extent by which the aggregate of the acquisition-date fair  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

value of the consideration transferred and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree exceeds the recognized basis of the identifiable assets acquired, net of assumed liabilities. Determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interest requires management s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash flows, discount rates and asset lives among other items. 
    
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  See Note 1 to the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting guidance. 
  .  

46 

Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
  The following table sets forth segment information by business unit, and as a percentage of segment revenues, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Due to the November 2015 acquisition of Pilgrim Media Group, LLC ("Pilgrim Media Group"), the three months ended September 30, 2016 includes the results of operations from Pilgrim Media Group within the Television Production segment, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015, which do not include the results of operations of Pilgrim Media Group (see Note 9 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements).     The revenue from Pilgrim Media Group titles was $43.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  

_________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    Gross segment contribution is defined as segment revenue less segment direct operating and distribution and marketing expenses, and excludes purchase accounting and related adjustments, start-up costs of new business initiatives, non-cash imputed interest charges, and backstopped prints and advertising ("P A") expense (see Note 15 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). Gross segment contribution amounts for the three months ended   September 30, 2015   reflect the reclassification of certain distribution and marketing expenses in order to be consistent with the current period presentation (see   Distribution and Marketing Expenses   below). 
       
  A significant component of revenue comes from home entertainment. The following table sets forth total home entertainment revenue for both the Motion Pictures and Television Production reporting segments for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

47 

     Table of Contents  

Motion Pictures Revenue 
  The table below sets forth Motion Pictures revenue by media for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :   

48 

     Table of Contents  

Motion Pictures   Theatrical Revenue 
  The following table sets forth the components of theatrical revenue by product category for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

___________________ 
  n/m - Percentage not meaningful. 
           (1) 
    Feature Film includes releases through our Lionsgate and Summit Entertainment film labels, which includes films developed and produced in-house, films co-developed and co-produced and films acquired from third parties.  
              (2) 
    Managed Brands represents direct-to-DVD motion pictures, acquired and licensed brands, third-party library product and ancillary-driven platform theatrical releases. These theatrical releases included releases through our specialty films distribution labels, Lionsgate Premiere, and through CodeBlack Films, and with our equity method investee, Roadside Attractions. 
              (3) 
    Represents certain specialty theatrical releases with our equity method investee, Pantelion Films, and other titles.  
     The following table sets forth the titles that represented a significant portion of theatrical revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

Theatrical revenue of   $62.0 million     increased     $35.7 million  , or   135.7%  , in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily driven by the performance of the films released in the current quarter and the greater number of films released in the current quarter as compared to the prior year's quarter.   Deepwater Horizon   was released on September 30, 2016, and therefore its contribution to revenues in the current quarter was limited to one day.  
    
  Motion Pictures   Home Entertainment Revenue 
    
  The following table sets forth our feature film titles released on home entertainment in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , in addition to other titles which contributed a significant amount of home entertainment revenue in the current and prior year's quarter, respectively: 

49 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth the components of home entertainment revenue by product category for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Digital media revenue consists of revenues generated from pay-per-view and video-on-demand platforms, EST, and digital rental. 
              (2) 
    Certain amounts in the prior year's quarter have been reclassified between product types in order to be consistent with the current quarter classification. 
     Home entertainment revenue of   $157.5 million     increased     $10.5 million  , or   7.1%  , in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily driven by the performance of our Feature Film titles released on packaged media and digital media in the current quarter as compared to the prior year's quarter. In particular, the successful performance of   Now You See Me 2   in the current quarter     more than offset a decrease in packaged media revenues from the performance of   The Divergent Series: Allegiant   in the current quarter as compared to the performance of   The Divergent Series: Insurgent   in the prior year's quarter. The slight decrease in Managed Brands was primarily due to revenues generated in this category from the titles listed in the table above in the current quarter, as compared to the prior year quarter.  
  
   50 

     Table of Contents  

Motion Pictures   Television Revenue 
  The following table sets forth the titles contributing significant motion pictures television revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 
    
                   Three Months Ended September 30, 
      2016 
       
    2015 
      Feature Film: 
      
    Feature Film: 
      Fiscal 2016 Theatrical Slate: 
       
    Fiscal 2015 Theatrical Slate: 
      The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 
       
    The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 
      Norm of the North 

Prior Theatrical Slates: 
      
    Prior Theatrical Slates: 
      Divergent 
      
    Now You See Me 
      The Expendables 2 
      
    The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 
      Meet the Browns 

Rambo 
      
    Managed Brands: 
      The Single Moms Club 
      
    Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain 

The following table sets forth the components of television revenue by product category for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

___________________ 
  n/m - Percentage not meaningful. 
           (1) 
    Certain amounts in the prior year's quarter have been reclassified between product types in order to be consistent with the current quarter classification. 
     Television revenue   increased   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , due primarily to a greater number of titles with television windows opening in the current quarter from our feature films, and in particular from our Prior Theatrical Slates. 
  Motion Pictures   International Revenue 
  The following table sets forth the titles contributing significant motion pictures international revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

Three Months Ended September 30, 
      2016 
       
    2015 
      Feature Film: 
      
    Feature Film: 
      Fiscal 2017 Theatrical Slate: 
       
    Fiscal 2016 Theatrical Slate: 
      Deepwater Horizon 
      
    Child 44 
      Nerve 
      
    Sicario 
      Now You See Me 2 

Fiscal 2016 Theatrical Slate: 
      
    Fiscal 2015 Theatrical Slate: 
      The Divergent Series: Allegiant 
      
    The Divergent Series: Insurgent 
      The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 
      
    The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 
      UK Third Party Product: 
      
    UK Third Party Product: 
      London Has Fallen 
      
    A Little Chaos 

The following table sets forth the components of international revenue by product category for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

___________________ 
  n/m - Percentage not meaningful. 
           (1) 
    Certain amounts in the prior year's quarter have been reclassified between product types in order to be consistent with the current quarter classification.  
              (2) 
    UK Third Party Product represents titles acquired separately for self-distribution in the U.K. territory. 
       
  International motion pictures revenue   increased   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily due to higher revenue from our feature films, and in particular, a significant contribution from   Now You See Me 2   in the current quarter.  
  
   52 

     Table of Contents  

Television Production Revenue 
  The following table sets forth the components and the changes in the components of revenue that make up television production revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Television Production - Domestic Television 
  Domestic television revenue   increased   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily due to $43.0 million of domestic television revenue from Pilgrim Media Group, acquired on November 12, 2015, and to a lesser extent, the mix of titles contributing revenue in the current quarter as compared to the prior year's quarter. Television episodes delivered for original exhibition during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   included the episode deliveries as shown in the tables below: 

______________________ 
    
           (1) 
    Other in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   includes episodes delivered for   Flea Market Flip (Season 8),     Nightcap (Season 1),   and   Holey Foley (Season 1),   among others. Other in the three months ended   September 30, 2015   includes episodes delivered for   DeSean Jackson: Home Team (Season 1), Flea Market Flip (Season 6),   and   Guilt  .  
       
  In addition to the titles mentioned in the table above, significant domestic television revenue was contributed in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   Family Feud (Season 9), House of Payne, The Wendy Williams Show (Season 7), Celebrity Name Game (Season 2),   and   Anger Management  , and from   The Runner (Season 1), The Ultimate Fighter (Season 24), Wicked Tuna: Outer Banks (Season 3), Bring It! (Season 3)   and   Fast N' Loud (Season 4)   as a result of the acquisition of Pilgrim Media Group. In the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , in addition to the titles mentioned in the table above, significant domestic television revenue was contributed from   Family Feud (Season 8)  ,   The Wendy Williams Show (Season 6), Celebrity Name Game (Season 1),   and   Anger Management  . 

53 

     Table of Contents  

Television Production - International Revenue 
  International revenue in the three months ended   September 30, 2016     decreased   as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily driven by contributions in the prior year's quarter from   Orange Is the New Black (Seasons 1 -  4),   which compared to revenue in the current quarter from   Orange Is the New Black (Season 5)   and   Casual (Season 2)  . 
    
  Television Production - Home Entertainment Revenue 
  The   decrease   in home entertainment revenue is primarily due to a decrease in digital media revenue in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , driven by contributions in the prior year's quarter from   Orange Is The New Black (Season 1)   and   Mad Men (Season 7)  . 
  Direct Operating Expenses 
  The following table sets forth direct operating expenses by segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Other direct operating expenses primarily consist of the incremental amortization expense of the purchase accounting fair value adjustments on television assets related to the acquisition of Pilgrim Media Group, and direct operating costs related to our new direct-to-consumer business initiatives including our subscription video-on-demand platforms. 
     Direct operating expenses of the Motion Pictures segment of   $231.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   49.9%   of motion pictures revenue, compared to   $187.8 million  , or   53.1%   of motion pictures revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in direct operating expenses of   $44.1 million   is primarily due to an increase in motion pictures revenue in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease in direct operating expenses as a percentage of motion pictures revenue was primarily driven by the lower amortization rates in the current quarter of our Fiscal 2017 Theatrical Slate as compared to the amortization rates in the prior year's quarter of our Fiscal 2016 Theatrical Slate. Included in direct operating expenses are investment in film write-downs of approximately $4.4 million in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to approximately $7.8 million in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Foreign exchange losses in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , and a slight benefit for doubtful accounts in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to a provision for doubtful accounts in the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
  Direct operating expenses of the Television Production segment of   $148.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   84.6%   of television revenue, compared to   $105.0 million  , or   85.5%  , of television revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in direct operating expense is primarily due to an increase in television production revenue. The slight decrease in direct operating expenses as a percentage of television production revenue is primarily due to the mix of titles generating revenue in the current quarter as compared to the prior year's quarter. 

54 

     Table of Contents  

Distribution and Marketing Expenses 
  The following table sets forth distribution and marketing expenses by segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Other distribution and marketing expenses in the three months ended September 30, 2016 consist of distribution and marketing costs related to our new direct-to-consumer business initiatives, including our subscription video-on-demand platforms, and backstopped P A expense. Backstopped P A expense represents the amount of theatrical marketing expense for third party titles that we funded and expensed for which a third party provides a first dollar loss guarantee (subject to a cap) that such expense will be recouped from the performance of the film (which results in minimal risk of loss to the Company). The amount represents the P A expense incurred and expensed net of the impact of expensing the P A costs over the revenue streams similar to a participation expense. We do not consider these costs part of segment distribution and marketing expense and have reclassified the prior year quarter's amount of $2.9 million of backstopped P A from the Motion Pictures segment to Other to be consistent with the current quarter presentation. 
     The majority of distribution and marketing expenses relate to the Motion Pictures segment. Theatrical P A in the Motion Pictures segment in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   of   $144.0 million     increased     $52.2 million  , compared to   $91.8 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily driven by higher P A spending in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   on our Feature Film theatrical releases due to a greater number of wide releases requiring P A in the current quarter. In addition, while the three months ended September 30, 2016 included significant P A spending for   Deepwater Horizon,   the film was released on September 30, 2016, and therefore its contribution to revenues in the current quarter was limited to one day. In the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , approximately $10.0 million of P A was incurred in advance for films to be released in subsequent quarters, such as   Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life,     Power Rangers, Tyler Perry's Boo! A Madea Halloween,   and   La La Land.   In the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , approximately $18.5 million of P A was incurred in advance for films to be released in subsequent quarters, such as   The Last Witch Hunter, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2, Love the Coopers,   and   Freeheld  .    
  Home entertainment distribution and marketing costs on motion pictures and television product in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   of   $37.1 million     decreased     $0.5 million  , or   1.3%  , compared to   $37.6 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Home entertainment distribution and marketing costs as a percentage of home entertainment revenues were   23.1%   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to home entertainment distribution and marketing costs as a percentage of home entertainment revenues of   24.5%   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease in home entertainment distribution and marketing costs as a percentage of home entertainment revenues was primarily due to lower packaged media distribution and marketing costs relative to home entertainment revenue in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  International distribution and marketing expenses in the Motion Pictures segment in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   of   $21.8 million     increased   from   $15.4 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 

55 

     Table of Contents  

Gross Segment Contribution 
    
  Gross segment contribution is defined as segment revenue less segment direct operating and segment distribution and marketing expenses. The following table sets forth gross segment contribution for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

Gross segment contribution of the Motion Pictures segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   of   $27.7 million     increased     $9.3 million  , or   50.5%  , as compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . While Motion Pictures segment revenues increased   31.2%  , gross segment contribution and gross contribution margin of the Motion Pictures segment increased to a lesser extent, primarily due to higher distribution and marketing expenses as a percentage of motion pictures revenue, largely driven by the greater number of wide releases in the quarter and the release of   Deepwater Horizon   on September 30, 2016 which resulted in increased P A spending in the three months ended September 30, 2016, however its contribution to revenues in the current quarter was limited to one day. 
  Gross segment contribution of the Television Production segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   of   $20.3 million   increased   $10.7 million  , or   111.5%  , as compared to   $9.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily due to higher revenues and slightly lower direct operating expenses as a percentage of television production revenue.  

General and Administrative Expenses 
  The following table sets forth general and administrative expenses by segment for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

56 

     Table of Contents  

Total General and Administrative Expenses 
  General and administrative expenses   increased   by   $17.0 million  , or   25.1%  , as reflected in the table above and further discussed below. 
  General and administrative expenses of the Motion Pictures segment   increased     $2.3 million  , or   12.2%  , primarily due to increases in salaries and related expenses including expenses associated with new product lines and franchise extension activity. 
  General and administrative expenses of the Television Production segment   increased     $3.7 million  , or   82.2%  , primarily due to increases in salaries and related expenses associated with our Television syndication activities and general and administrative expenses from Pilgrim Media Group, acquired on November 12, 2015. 
  Shared services and corporate expenses excluding share-based compensation expense, restructuring and other items, purchase accounting and related adjustments and start-up costs of new business initiatives   decreased     $3.5 million  , or   15.7%  , primarily due to decreases in cash-based incentive compensation and professional fees. 
    
  Share-Based Compensation Expense.   The following table sets forth share-based compensation expense included in shared services and corporate expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Restructuring and Other Items.   Restructuring and other items includes restructuring and severance costs, certain transaction related costs, and certain unusual items, when applicable. Amounts in the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily represent professional fees associated with the Starz Transaction and certain severance costs, of which approximately   $2.4 million   are non-cash charges resulting from the acceleration of vesting of stock awards. Amounts in the three months ended September 30, 2015 represent pension withdrawal costs of   $2.7 million   related to an underfunded multi-employer pension plan that the Company is no longer participating in, and professional fees associated with certain strategic transactions. 
    
  Purchase accounting and related adjustments.   Purchase accounting and related adjustments represent the charge for the accretion of the noncontrolling interest discount that is included in general and administrative expense (see Note 10 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). 
    
  Start-up costs of new business initiatives.   Start-up costs of new business initiatives represent general and administrative expense associated with the Company's direct to consumer initiatives including its subscription video-on-demand platforms. 
  Depreciation, Amortization and Other Expenses (Income) 
  Depreciation and amortization was   $4.3 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $2.5 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Interest expense of   $15.9 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016     increased     $3.3 million  , or   26.2%  , from   $12.6 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The following table sets forth the components of interest expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

57 

     Table of Contents  

Interest and other income was   $1.2 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $0.6 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  The following table represents our portion of the income or (loss) of our equity method investees based on our percentage ownership for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    We license certain of our theatrical releases and other films and television programs to EPIX and Pop. A portion of the profits of these licenses reflecting our ownership share in the venture is eliminated through an adjustment to the equity interest income (loss) of the venture. These profits are recognized as they are realized by the venture (see Note 3 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements).  
       
  Income Tax Benefit  
  We had an income tax benefit of   $53.6 million   in the   three months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to a benefit of   $2.1 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . In the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we determined that a small change in our estimated pretax results for the year ending March 31, 2017 would create a large change in our expected annual effective rate.  Accordingly, it was determined that a reliable estimate of the expected annual effective tax rate could not be made. As a result, we computed our tax provision (benefit) using the cut-off method which resulted in an income tax benefit of   $53.6 million   based on the actual taxes attributable to our year-to-date earnings. Our income tax provision (benefit) differs from the federal statutory rate multiplied by pre-tax income (loss) and has changed from the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our income tax provision (benefit) is affected by many factors, including the overall level of pre-tax income, the mix of pre-tax income generated across the various jurisdictions in which we operate, changes in tax laws and regulations in those jurisdictions, changes in valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets, tax planning strategies available to us, and other discrete items. 
   The increase in our income tax benefit in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 is driven by lower pre-tax income and a change in the mix of pre-tax income (loss) generated across the various jurisdictions in which we operate which reflects the impact of the implementation of certain business and financing strategies. This includes a favorable permanent book-tax difference in our Canadian jurisdiction for certain foreign affiliate dividends. Canadian tax law permits such dividends to be received without being subject to tax.  
  
   58 

     Table of Contents  

We expect that with the utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes, our cash tax requirements will not increase significantly in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. 
    
  Net Loss Attributable to Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. Shareholders 
  Net loss attributable to our shareholders for the   three months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $17.5 million  , or basic and diluted net loss per common share of   $0.12   on   147.8 million   weighted average common shares outstanding. This compares to net loss attributable to our shareholders for the   three months ended     September 30, 2015   of   $42.1 million  , or basic and diluted net loss per common share of   $0.28   on   148.3 million   weighted average common shares outstanding. 

Six Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to   Six Months Ended     September 30, 2015    
  The following table sets forth segment information by business unit, and as a percentage of segment revenues, for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Due to the November 2015 acquisition of Pilgrim Media Group, the six months ended September 30, 2016 includes the results of operations from Pilgrim Media Group within the Television Production segment, as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2015, which do not include the results of operations of Pilgrim Media Group (see Note 9 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements).      The revenue from Pilgrim Media Group titles was $70.2 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016.  

_________________________________________ 
           (1) 
    Gross segment contribution is defined as segment revenue less segment direct operating and distribution and marketing expenses, and excludes purchase accounting and related adjustments, start-up costs of new business initiatives, non-cash imputed interest charges, and backstopped prints and advertising ("P A") expense (see Note 15 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). Gross segment contribution amounts for the six months ended   September 30, 2015   reflect the reclassification of certain distribution and marketing expenses in order to be consistent with the current period presentation (see   Distribution and Marketing Expenses   below). 
       
  A significant component of revenue comes from home entertainment. The following table sets forth total home entertainment revenue for both the Motion Pictures and Television Production reporting segments for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

59 

     Table of Contents  

Motion Pictures Revenue 
  The table below sets forth the components of revenue and the changes in these components for the motion pictures reporting segment for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  .   

60 

     Table of Contents  

Motion Pictures   Theatrical Revenue 
  The following table sets forth the components of theatrical revenue by product category for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

___________________ 
  n/m - Percentage not meaningful. 
           (1) 
    Feature Film includes releases through our Lionsgate and Summit Entertainment film labels, which includes films developed and produced in-house, films co-developed and co-produced and films acquired from third parties.  
              (2) 
    Managed Brands represents direct-to-DVD motion pictures, acquired and licensed brands, third-party library product and ancillary-driven platform theatrical releases. These theatrical releases included releases through our specialty films distribution labels, Lionsgate Premiere, and through CodeBlack Films, and with our equity method investee, Roadside Attractions. 
              (3) 
    Represents certain specialty theatrical releases with our equity method investee, Pantelion Films, and other titles.  
     The following table sets forth the titles that represented a significant portion of theatrical revenue for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively: 

Theatrical revenue of   $109.2 million     increased     $59.8 million  , or   121.1%  , in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  , primarily driven by our feature films, and in particular, the performance of   Now You See Me 2   in the current period. The increase was also due to a greater number of films released in the current period as compared to the prior year's period.   Deepwater Horizon   was released on September 30, 2016, and therefore its contribution to revenues in the current period was limited to one day. Additionally, the prior year's period included the release of   The Age of Adaline  , which had a strong performance at the box office, however under the terms of our distribution arrangement, we recorded only our distribution fee as theatrical revenue. 

61 

     Table of Contents  

Motion Pictures   Home Entertainment Revenue 
  The following table sets forth the titles released on home entertainment in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  , in addition to other titles which contributed a significant amount of home entertainment revenue in the current and prior year's period, respectively: 

The following table sets forth the components of home entertainment revenue by product category for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Digital media revenue consists of revenues generated from pay-per-view and video-on-demand platforms, EST, and digital rental. 
              (2) 
    Certain amounts in the prior year's period have been reclassified between product types in order to be consistent with the current period classification. 
     
   62 

     Table of Contents  

Home entertainment revenue of   $301.0 million     increased     $38.6 million  , or   14.7%  , in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily driven by a greater number of Feature Film titles released on packaged media and digital media in the current period (seven) as compared to the prior year's period (five), and to a lesser extent, the increase was also driven by the performance of those films. The decrease in Managed Brands was primarily due to revenues generated in this category from the titles listed in the table above in the six months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2015.  
  Motion Pictures   Television Revenue 
  The following table sets forth the titles contributing significant motion pictures television revenue for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  
    
                   Six Months Ended September 30, 
      2016 
       
    2015 
      Feature Film: 
      
    Feature Film: 
      Fiscal 2016 Theatrical Slate: 
       
    Fiscal 2015 Theatrical Slate: 
      The Last Witch Hunter 
      
    John Wick 
      Shaun the Sheep 
      
    The Expendables 3 
      Sicario 
      
    The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 
      The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 

Prior Theatrical Slates: 
      
    Prior Theatrical Slates: 
      Divergent 
      
    Now You See Me 
      The Hunger Games: Catching Fire 
      
    The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 

Managed Brands: 

Kevin Hart: Let Me Explain 

The following table sets forth the components of television revenue by product category for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

___________________ 
  n/m - Percentage not meaningful. 
           (1) 
    Certain amounts in the prior year's period have been reclassified between product types in order to be consistent with the current period classification. 
     Television revenue   increased   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  , due primarily to a greater number of titles with television windows opening in the current period from our feature films, and in particular from our Prior Theatrical Slates. 

63 

     Table of Contents  

Motion Pictures   International Revenue 
  The following table sets forth the titles contributing significant motion pictures international revenue for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 
                      Six Months Ended September 30, 
      2016 
       
    2015 
      Feature Film: 
      
    Feature Film: 
      Fiscal 2017 Theatrical Slate: 
       
    Fiscal 2016 Theatrical Slate: 
      Deepwater Horizon 
      
    Child 44 
      Now You See Me 2 

Fiscal 2016 Theatrical Slate: 
      
    Fiscal 2015 Theatrical Slate: 
      Gods of Egypt 
      
    Mortdecai 
      The Divergent Series: Allegiant 
      
    The Divergent Series: Insurgent 
      The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 
       
    The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 
      UK Third Party Product: 
      
    UK Third Party Product: 
      London Has Fallen 
      
    A Little Chaos 

The following table sets forth the components of international revenue by product category for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

___________________ 
  n/m - Percentage not meaningful. 
           (1) 
    Certain amounts in the prior year's period have been reclassified between product types in order to be consistent with the current period classification.  
              (2) 
    UK Third Party Product represents titles acquired separately for self-distribution in the U.K. territory. 
       
  International motion pictures revenue   increased   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  , primarily due to higher revenue from our feature films, and in particular, significant contributions from   Now You See Me 2   and   Gods of Egypt   in the current period. 
  Television Production Revenue 
  The following table sets forth the components and the changes in the components of revenue that make up television production revenue for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

64 

     Table of Contents  

Television Production - Domestic Television 
  Domestic television revenue   increased   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  , primarily due to an increase in television episodes delivered and $70.2 million of domestic television revenue from Pilgrim Media Group, acquired on November 12, 2015, and to a lesser extent, the mix of titles contributing revenue in the current period as compared to the prior year's period. Television episodes delivered for original exhibition during the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   included the episode deliveries as shown in the table below: 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Other in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   includes episodes delivered for   Deadbeat (Season 3)  ,   Douglas Family Gold, Nightcap (Season 1),     Flea Market Flip (Season 8),   and   Holey Foley (Season 1),   among others. Other in the   six months ended     September 30, 2015   includes episodes delivered for   Cuckoo, Deadbeat (Season 2)  ,   Deion's Family Playbook, DeSean Jackson: Home Team (Season 1), Flea Market Flip (Season 6),   and   Guilt.    
       
  In addition to the titles mentioned in the table above, significant domestic television revenue was contributed in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   from   Family Feud (Season 9), The Wendy Williams Show (Season 7), House of Payne, Celebrity Name Game (Season 2),   and   Anger Management  , and from   The Runner (Season 1)  , and   The Ultimate Fighter (Season 23)   as a result of the acquisition of Pilgrim Media Group. In the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  , in addition to the titles mentioned in the table above, significant domestic television revenue was contributed from   Family Feud (Season 8), The Wendy Williams Show (Season 6), Celebrity Name Game (Season 1),   and   Anger Management  .  

65 

     Table of Contents  

Television Production - International Revenue 
  International revenue in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016     decreased   as compared to the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  ,   primarily driven by a significant contribution in the prior year's period from   Orange Is the New Black (Seasons 1 - 4),   compared to a significant contribution in the current period from   Orange Is the New Black (Season 4)  . 
  Television Production - Home Entertainment Revenue 
  Home entertainment revenue in the six months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased as compared to the six months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily due to a decrease in digital media revenue driven by revenue in the prior year's period from   Blue Mountain State (Seasons 1 - 3), Mad Men (Season 7)  ,   Orange Is The New Black (Season 1),   and   Ascension,   with no comparable revenue in the current period. 
  Direct Operating Expenses 
  The following table sets forth direct operating expenses by segment for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Other direct operating expenses primarily consist of the incremental amortization expense of the purchase accounting fair value adjustments on television assets related to the acquisition of Pilgrim Media Group, and direct operating costs related to our new direct-to-consumer business initiatives including our subscription video-on-demand platforms. 
       
  Direct operating expenses of the Motion Pictures segment of   $422.4 million   for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   were   51.1%   of motion pictures revenue, compared to   $317.2 million  , or   50.4%   of motion pictures revenue for the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . The increase in direct operating expenses of   $105.2 million   is primarily due to an increase in motion pictures revenue in the six months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . The slight increase in direct operating expenses as a percentage of motion pictures revenue was primarily driven by the higher amortization rates in the current period of   Gods of Egypt, The Divergent Series: Allegiant  , and   The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2   from our Fiscal 2016 Theatrical Slate, as compared to the amortization rates in the prior year's period of   The Divergent Series: Insurgent   and   The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1   from our Fiscal 2015 Theatrical Slate. Included in direct operating expenses are investment in film write-downs of approximately $6.3 million in the six months ended September 30, 2016, compared to approximately $8.5 million in the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . Foreign exchange losses in the six months ended   September 30, 2016   increased compared to the six months ended   September 30, 2015  , and the provision for doubtful accounts remained primarily consistent. 
  Direct operating expenses of the Television Production segment of   $314.8 million   for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   were   86.0%   of television revenue, compared to   $205.9 million  , or   80.3%  , of television revenue for the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  .  The increase in direct operating expense is primarily due to an increase in television production revenue. The increase in direct operating expenses as a percentage of television production revenue is primarily due to the mix of titles generating revenue in the current period as compared to the prior year's period. In particular, the prior year's period included significant international revenue from   Orange Is The New Black (Seasons 1 - 4)  , and the current period includes revenue from a  
  
   66 

     Table of Contents  

greater number of new television programs as compared to the prior year's period, such as   Greenleaf, Feed the Beast   and   Graves  , which typically result in higher amortization expenses in relation to revenues initially, until there are a sufficient number of subsequent seasons ordered and episodes produced, such that revenue can be generated from syndication in domestic and international markets. 
    
  Distribution and Marketing Expenses 
  The following table sets forth distribution and marketing expenses by segment for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Other distribution and marketing expenses in the six months ended September 30, 2016 consist of distribution and marketing costs related to our new direct-to-consumer business initiatives, including our subscription video-on-demand platforms, and backstopped P A expense. Backstopped P A expense represents the amount of theatrical marketing expense for third party titles that we funded and expensed for which a third party provides a first dollar loss guarantee (subject to a cap) that such expense will be recouped from the performance of the film (which results in minimal risk of loss to the Company). The amount represents the P A expense incurred and expensed net of the impact of expensing the P A costs over the revenue streams similar to a participation expense. We do not consider these costs part of segment distribution and marketing expense and have reclassified the prior year period's amount of $6.8 million of backstopped P A from the Motion Pictures segment to Other to be consistent with the current period presentation. 
     The majority of distribution and marketing expenses relate to the Motion Pictures segment. Theatrical P A in the Motion Pictures segment in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   of   $215.7 million     increased     $97.2 million  , compared to   $118.5 million   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily driven by higher P A spending in the six months ended   September 30, 2016   on our Feature Film theatrical releases due to a greater number of wide releases requiring P A in the current period. In addition, while the six months ended September 30, 2016 included significant P A spending for   Deepwater Horizon,   the film was released on September 30, 2016, and therefore its contribution to revenues in the current period was limited to one day. In the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , approximately $14.3 million of P A was incurred in advance for films to be released in subsequent quarters, such as   Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life, Power Rangers, Tyler Perry's Boo! A Madea Halloween,   and   La La Land.   In the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  , approximately $24.8 million of P A was incurred in advance for films to be released in subsequent quarters, such as   The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2, The Last Witch Hunter, Love The Coopers,   and   Freeheld.  
  Home entertainment distribution and marketing costs on motion pictures and television product in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   of   $67.1 million     increased     $3.1 million  , or   4.8%  , compared to   $64.0 million   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  , primarily due to higher motion pictures home entertainment revenue. Home entertainment distribution and marketing costs as a percentage of home entertainment revenues were   21.6%   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to home entertainment distribution and marketing costs as a percentage of home entertainment revenues of   22.6%   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . The slight decrease in home entertainment distribution and marketing costs as a percentage of home entertainment revenues was primarily due to lower packaged media distribution and marketing costs relative to home entertainment revenue in the six months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the six months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  
   67 

     Table of Contents  

International distribution and marketing expenses in the motion pictures segment in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   of   $35.2 million     increased   from   $27.5 million   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Gross Segment Contribution 
    
  Gross segment contribution is defined as segment revenue less segment direct operating and segment distribution and marketing expenses. The following table sets forth gross segment contribution for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  :  

Gross segment contribution of the Motion Pictures segment for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   of   $84.1 million     decreased     $13.9 million  , or   14.2%  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . Despite an increase in Motion Pictures segment revenue, the   decrease   in gross segment contribution and gross contribution margin of the Motion Pictures segment is primarily due to higher distribution and marketing expenses as a percentage of motion pictures revenue, largely driven by the greater number of wide releases in the period and the release of   Deepwater Horizon   on September 30, 2016 which resulted in increased P A spending in the six months ended September 30, 2016, however its contribution to revenues in the current quarter was limited to one day. In addition, direct operating expenses as a percentage of motion pictures revenue increased slightly. 
  Gross segment contribution of the Television Production segment for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   of   $38.1 million     increased     $5.4 million  , or   16.5%  , as compared to the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . While Television Production segment revenue and gross segment contribution increased, the decrease in gross contribution margin of the Television Production segment is due to higher direct operating expenses as a percentage of television production revenue.  

68 

     Table of Contents  

General and Administrative Expenses 
  The following table sets forth general and administrative expenses by segment for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Total General and Administrative Expenses 
  General and administrative expenses   increased   by   $34.8 million  , or   27.1%  , as reflected in the table above and further discussed below. 
    
  General and administrative expenses of the Motion Pictures segment   increased     $5.1 million  , or   13.8%  , primarily due to increases in salaries and related expenses including expenses associated with new product lines and franchise extension activity. 
    
  General and administrative expenses of the Television Production segment   increased     $6.1 million  , or   68.5%  , primarily due to increases in salaries and related expenses associated with our Television syndication activities and general and administrative expenses from Pilgrim Media Group, acquired on November 12, 2015. 
  Shared services and corporate expenses excluding share-based compensation expense, restructuring and other items, purchase accounting and related adjustments and start-up costs of new business initiatives   decreased     $7.4 million  , or   17.0%  , primarily due to decreases in cash-based incentive compensation and professional fees. 
    
  Share-Based Compensation Expense.   The following table sets forth share-based compensation expense included in shared services and corporate expenses for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

69 

     Table of Contents  

Restructuring and Other Items.   Restructuring and other items includes restructuring and severance costs, certain transaction related costs, and certain unusual items, when applicable. Amounts in the six months ended September 30, 2016 primarily represent professional fees associated with the Starz Transaction and certain severance costs, of which approximately   $2.4 million   are non-cash charges resulting from the acceleration of vesting of stock awards. Amounts in the six months ended September 30, 2015 represent pension withdrawal costs of   $2.7 million   related to an underfunded multi-employer pension plan that the Company is no longer participating in, and professional fees associated with certain strategic transactions  .    
    
  Purchase accounting and related adjustments.   Purchase accounting and related adjustments represent the charge for the accretion of the noncontrolling interest discount that is included in general and administrative expense (see Note 10 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). 
    
  Start-up costs of new business initiatives.   Start-up costs of new business initiatives represent general and administrative expense associated with the Company's direct to consumer initiatives including its subscription video-on-demand platforms  . 
  Depreciation, Amortization and Other Expenses (Income) 
  Depreciation and amortization of   $10.0 million   for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016     increased     $5.6 million   from   $4.4 million   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
  Interest expense of   $31.1 million   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016     increased     $5.8 million   from the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . The following table sets forth the components of interest expense for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

Interest and other income was   $2.2 million   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.2 million   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  .  
  
   70 

     Table of Contents  

The following table represents our portion of the income or (loss) of our equity method investees based on our percentage ownership for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

______________________ 
           (1) 
    We license certain of our theatrical releases and other films and television programs to EPIX and Pop. A portion of the profits of these licenses reflecting our ownership share in the venture is eliminated through an adjustment to the equity interest income (loss) of the venture. These profits are recognized as they are realized by the venture (see Note 3 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements).   
       
  Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 
    
  We had an income tax benefit of   $79.9 million   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2016  , compared to an expense of   $0.7 million   in the   six months ended     September 30, 2015  . In the six months ended September 30, 2016, we determined that a small change in our estimated pretax results for the year ending March 31, 2017 would create a large change in our expected annual effective rate.  Accordingly, it was determined that a reliable estimate of the expected annual effective tax rate could not be made. As a result, we computed our tax provision (benefit) using the cut-off method which resulted in an income tax benefit of    $79.9 million   based on the actual taxes attributable to our year-to-date earnings. Our income tax provision (benefit) differs from the federal statutory rate multiplied by pre-tax income (loss) and has changed from the   six months ended   September 30, 2015. Our income tax provision (benefit) is affected by many factors, including the overall level of pre-tax income, the mix of pre-tax income generated across the various jurisdictions in which we operate, changes in tax laws and regulations in those jurisdictions, changes in valuation allowances on our deferred tax assets, tax planning strategies available to us, and other discrete items. 
   The increase in our income tax benefit in the   six months ended   September 30, 2016 as compared to the   six months ended   September 30, 2015 is driven by lower pre-tax income and a change in the mix of pre-tax income (loss) generated across the various jurisdictions in which we operate which reflects the impact of the implementation of certain business and financing strategies. This includes a favorable permanent book-tax difference in our Canadian jurisdiction for certain foreign affiliate dividends. Canadian tax law permits such dividends to be received without being subject to tax.  
  We expect that with the utilization of our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes, our cash tax requirements will not increase significantly in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. 
    
  Net Loss Attributable to Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. Shareholders 
  Net loss attributable to our shareholders for the   six months ended     September 30, 2016   was   $16.2 million  , or basic and diluted net loss per common share of   $0.11   on   147.5 million   weighted average common shares outstanding. This compares to net loss attributable to our shareholders for the   six months ended     September 30, 2015   of   $1.4 million  , or basic and diluted net loss per common share of   $0.01   on   148.0 million   weighted average common shares outstanding.  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  Sources and Uses of Cash 
  Our liquidity and capital resources have been provided principally through cash generated from operations, corporate debt, and our production loans. Our corporate debt at   September 30, 2016   primarily consisted of our senior revolving credit facility, 5.25% Senior Notes, Term Loan Due 2022, and our convertible senior subordinated notes. See discussion below and Note 20 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for financing activity subsequent to   September 30, 2016  .  
  
   71 

     Table of Contents  

Our principal uses of cash in operations include the funding of film and television productions, film rights acquisitions, and the distribution and marketing of films and television programs. We also use cash for debt service (i.e. principal and interest payments) requirements, equity or cost method investments, quarterly cash dividends, the purchase of common shares under our share repurchase program, capital expenditures, and acquisitions of businesses. The Company also has a redeemable noncontrolling interest balance of   $93.0 million  , which may require the use of cash in the event the holders of the noncontrolling interests put their interests to the Company. 
  On June 30, 2016, Lionsgate and Starz entered into a Merger Agreement under which Lionsgate will acquire Starz for a combination of cash and common stock totaling approximately   $4.4 billion   enterprise value. The proposed merger is described in the "Overview" section. At the time of the Merger Agreement, Lionsgate had commitments of approximately   $4.57 billion   from banks to provide for (i) a   $1.9 billion   term loan B facility, (ii) a   $1.0 billion   term loan A facility, (iii) a   $1.0 billion   revolving credit facility (iv) a   $520 million   unsecured bridge facility and (v) a   $150 million   unsecured funded bridge facility.  
  On October 27, 2016, the Company closed a private offering of   $520 million   of senior notes due 2024 (the "  5.875%   Notes"). The   5.875%   Notes bear interest at a rate of   5.875%   per annum. The   5.875%   Notes replace the   $520 million   unsecured bridge facility mentioned in the preceding paragraph. 
  On October 13, 2016, the Company announced that the lead arrangers for its new proposed senior secured credit facilities have allocated the loans under the Company s   $2.0 billion   (reflecting an increase from the original commitment of   $1.9 billion  ) term loan B facility. The Company expects that the term loan B facility will be issued at   99.5%   and will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR (subject to a LIBOR floor of   0.75%  ) plus   3.00%  . The commitments with respect to the revolving credit facility, term loan A facility, term loan B facility and the unsecured bridge facility and the terms and conditions thereof (including the applicable interest rates) remain subject to the execution of definitive documentation, which is expected to occur concurrently with or in advance of the consummation of the Merger. 
  The Company expects that the revolving credit facility and the term loan A facility will initially bear interest at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR plus   2.50%  , subject to reductions in the interest rate of up to   50   basis points (  two   reductions of   25   basis points each) upon achievement of certain net first lien leverage ratios. 
  The Company expects to use the proceeds of the   5.875%   Notes, term loan A facility, term loan B facility, and the unsecured bridge facility, as well as a portion of the revolving credit facility currently expected to be   $50 million   to finance a portion of the consideration and transaction costs for its proposed merger with Starz and the associated transactions. 
  We may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
  Anticipated Cash Requirements.   The nature of our business is such that significant initial expenditures are required to produce, acquire, distribute and market films and television programs, while revenues from these films and television programs are earned over an extended period of time after their completion or acquisition. We believe that cash flow from operations, cash on hand, senior revolving credit facility availability, tax-efficient financing, and available production financing will be adequate to meet known operational cash, and debt service (i.e. principal and interest payments) requirements for the foreseeable future, including the funding of future film and television production, film rights acquisitions and theatrical and video release schedules, and future equity or cost method investment funding requirements, and the purchase of common shares under our share repurchase program. We monitor our cash flow liquidity, availability, fixed charge coverage, capital base, film spending and leverage ratios with the long-term goal of maintaining our credit worthiness. 
  Our current financing strategy is to fund operations and to leverage investment in films and television programs through our cash flow from operations, our senior revolving credit facility, single-purpose production financing, government incentive programs, film funds, and distribution commitments. In addition, we may acquire businesses or assets, including individual films or libraries that are complementary to our business. Any such transaction could be financed through our cash flow from operations, credit facilities, equity or debt financing. If additional financing beyond our existing cash flows from operations and credit facilities cannot fund such transactions, there is no assurance that such financing will be available on terms acceptable to us. We may also dispose of businesses or assets, including individual films or libraries, and use the net proceeds from such dispositions to fund operations or such acquisitions, or to repay debt. 
  Share Repurchase Plan.   On February 2, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized to increase our previously announced share repurchase plan from $300 million to $468 million. To date, approximately $283.2 million of our common shares have been purchased, leaving approximately $184.7 million of authorized potential purchases. The remaining $184.7 million of our common shares may be purchased from time to time at the Company's discretion, including quantity, timing and price thereof, and will be subject to market conditions. Such purchases will be structured as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The Company did not repurchase any shares during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
  
   72 

     Table of Contents  

Dividends.   On September 22, 2016, the Company announced that, as contemplated in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2016, as amended, its Board of Directors suspended the Company s quarterly cash dividend beginning immediately due to its anticipated merger with Starz. The amount of dividends, if any, that we pay to our shareholders is determined by our Board of Directors, at its discretion, and is dependent on a number of factors, including our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements and restrictions under our credit agreements, and shall be in compliance with applicable law.  
    
  Discussion of Operating, Investing, Financing Cash Flows 
  Cash and cash equivalents increased by   $46.7 million   for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   and increased by   $68.3 million   for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015  , before foreign exchange effects on cash. Components of these changes are discussed below in more detail. 
  Operating Activities.   Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

Cash flows   provided by   operating activities for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $194.4 million   compared to cash flows used in operating activities of   $168.6 million   for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in cash provided by operating activities for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015   is primarily due to higher cash flows from operations before changes in operating assets and liabilities, higher collections of accounts receivables, lower investment in films and television programs production activity, and increases from changes in other operating assets and liabilities primarily driven by increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities,  and film obligations, partially offset by a decrease in deferred revenue. 
  Investing Activities.     Cash flows used in investing activities for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

73 

     Table of Contents  

Cash   used in   investing activities of   $9.4 million   for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $10.5 million   for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015  , as reflected above. The change was primarily due to distributions from equity method investees in the current period partially offset by cash used for investments in equity method investees in the current period as compared to the prior year's period. 
  Financing Activities.     Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

Cash flows used in financing activities of   $138.3 million   for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to cash flows provided by financing activities of   $247.4 million   for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Cash flows used in financing activities for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily reflects net production loan repayments of   $221.4 million   and cash used for other financing activities, which includes dividend payments of   $26.8 million   and payments for tax withholding of   $27.3 million   required on equity awards, offset by net borrowings under our senior revolving credit facility of   $140.0 million  .  
  Cash flows provided by financing activities for the   six   months ended   September 30, 2015   primarily reflects net borrowings under production loans of   $258.5 million  , and net proceeds of $24.0 million from additional borrowings under the Term Loan Due 2022, offset by cash used for other financing activities which includes dividend payments of $20.6 million and payments for tax withholding of $19.0 million required on equity awards offset by the proceeds from the exercise of stock options.  
  
   74 

     Table of Contents  

Corporate Debt 
    
  See Note 5 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our corporate debt. The principal amounts outstanding under our corporate debt as of   September 30, 2016   and March 31, 2016 were as follows:  

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Senior Revolving Credit Facility:   The senior revolving credit facility provides for     borrowings up to $800.0 million, limited by a borrowing base and also reduced by outstanding letters of credit, if any. At   September 30, 2016  , there was   $499.0 million   available (  March 31, 2016       $639.0 million  ). Interest is payable at an alternative base rate, as defined, plus 1.5% or LIBOR plus 2.5% as designated by us. We are required to pay a quarterly commitment fee of   0.375%   to   0.5%   per annum on our unused capacity for the period. Obligations are secured by collateral (as defined in the credit agreement) granted by us and certain of our subsidiaries, as well as a pledge of equity interests in certain of our subsidiaries. The senior revolving credit facility contains a number of covenants, and as of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all applicable covenants. 
              (2) 
    5.25% Senior Notes:   The   5.25%   Senior Notes contain a number of restrictions and covenants, and as of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all applicable covenants. Interest is payable semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year at a rate of   5.25%   per year. 
              (3) 
    Term Loan Due 2022:   The Term Loan Due 2022 contains a number of restrictions and covenants, and as of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all applicable covenants. Interest is payable on the last business day of each April, July, October and January at a rate of 5.00% per year.  
     Production Loans 
  The amounts outstanding under our production loans as of   September 30, 2016  , and March 31, 2016 were as follows:  

______________________ 
           (1) 
    Represents individual loans for the production of film and television programs that we produce. Production loans have contractual repayment dates either at or near the expected film or television program completion date, with the exception of certain loans containing repayment dates on a longer term basis, and incur interest at rates ranging from   3.53%   to   3.79%  . 

75 

     Table of Contents  

Table of Debt and Contractual Commitments 
  The following table sets forth our future annual repayment of debt, and our contractual commitments as of   September 30, 2016  : 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Film obligations include minimum guarantees and theatrical marketing obligations. Production loans represent loans for the production of film and television programs that we produce. Repayment dates are based on anticipated delivery or release date of the related film or contractual due dates of the obligation. 
              (2) 
    Film obligation commitments include distribution and marketing commitments and minimum guarantee commitments. Distribution and marketing commitments represent contractual commitments for future expenditures associated with distribution and marketing of films which we will distribute. The payment dates of these amounts are primarily based on the anticipated release date of the film. Minimum guarantee commitments represent contractual commitments related to the purchase of film rights for pictures to be delivered in the future. Production loan commitments represent amounts committed for future film production and development to be funded through production financing and recorded as a production loan liability when incurred. Future payments under these commitments are based on anticipated delivery or release dates of the related film or contractual due dates of the commitment. The amounts include future interest payments associated with the commitment. 
              (3) 
    Includes cash interest payments on our corporate debt, excluding the interest payments on the senior revolving credit facility as future amounts are not fixed or determinable due to fluctuating balances and interest rates. 
              (4) 
    Not included in the amounts above are   $93.0 million   of redeemable noncontrolling interest, as future amounts and timing are subject to a number of uncertainties such that we are unable to make sufficiently reliable estimations of future payments (see Note 10 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements). 

76 

     Table of Contents  

Theatrical Slate Participation 
    
  On March 10, 2015, we entered into a theatrical slate participation arrangement with TIK Films (U.S.), Inc. and TIK Films (Hong Kong) Limited (collectively,  "TIK Films"), both wholly owned subsidiaries of Hunan TV   Broadcast Intermediary Co. Ltd. Under the arrangement, TIK Films, in general and subject to certain limitations including per picture and annual caps, will contribute a minority share of 25% of our production or acquisition costs of  qualifying  theatrical feature films, released during the three-year period ending January 23, 2018, and participate in a pro-rata portion of the pictures  net profits or losses similar to a co-production arrangement based on the portion of costs funded. The arrangement excludes among others, any theatrical feature film incorporating any elements from the   Twilight, Hunger Games,   or   Divergent   franchises. The percentage of the contribution could vary on certain pictures. 
    
  Amounts provided from TIK Films are reflected as a participation liability in our unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet and amounted to   $126.5 million   at September 30, 2016 (March 31, 2016 -   $61.3 million  ). The difference between the ultimate participation expected to be paid to TIK Films and the amount provided by TIK Films is amortized as a charge to or a reduction of participation expense under the individual-film-forecast method. 
  Filmed Entertainment Backlog 
  Backlog represents the amount of future revenue not yet recorded from contracts for the licensing of films and television product for television exhibition and in international markets. Backlog at   September 30, 2016   and   March 31, 2016   was $1.5 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We do not have any transactions, arrangements and other relationships with unconsolidated entities that will affect our liquidity or capital resources. We have no special purpose entities that provided off-balance sheet financing, liquidity or market or credit risk support, nor do we engage in leasing, hedging or research and development services, that could expose us to liability that is not reflected on the face of our consolidated financial statements. Our commitments to fund operating leases, minimum guarantees, production loans, equity method investment funding requirements and all other contractual commitments not reflected on the face of our consolidated financial statements are presented in the table above. 

Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
  Currency and Interest Rate Risk Management 
  Market risks relating to our operations result primarily from changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Our exposure to interest rate risk results from the financial debt instruments that arise from transactions entered into during the normal course of business. As part of our overall risk management program, we evaluate and manage our exposure to changes in interest rates and currency exchange risks on an ongoing basis. Hedges and derivative financial instruments will be used in the future in order to manage our interest rate and currency exposure. We have no intention of entering into financial derivative contracts, other than to hedge a specific financial risk. 
  Currency Rate Risk.   We enter into forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge our foreign currency exposures on future production expenses denominated in various foreign currencies.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had the following outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts (all outstanding contracts have maturities of less than   18   months from   September 30, 2016  ): 

Changes in the fair value representing a net unrealized fair value gain (loss) on foreign exchange contracts that qualified as effective hedge contracts outstanding during the   three and six months   ended   September 30, 2016   were losses, net of tax, of   $0.4 million   and   $3.0 million  , respectively (2015 - gains, net of tax, of   $3.0 million   and   $3.0 million  , respectively), and are included  
  
   77 

     Table of Contents  

in accumulated other comprehensive loss, a separate component of shareholders  equity. Changes in the fair value representing a net unrealized fair value loss on foreign exchange contracts that did not qualify as effective hedge contracts outstanding during the three months and six months ended   September 30, 2016   were   nil   and   $0.4 million  , respectively (2015 - gain of   nil   and   $0.1 million  , respectively) and are included in direct operating expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. These contracts are entered into with major financial institutions as counterparties. We are exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparty, which is limited to the cost of replacing the contracts, at current market rates. We do not require collateral or other security to support these contracts. 
  Interest Rate Risk.   Certain of our borrowings, primarily borrowings under our amended and restated senior revolving credit facility and certain production loans, are, and are expected to continue to be, at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income would decrease. The applicable margin with respect to loans under the amended and restated senior revolving credit facility is a percentage per annum equal to 2.50% plus an adjusted rate based on LIBOR. Assuming the amended and restated senior revolving credit facility is drawn up to its maximum borrowing capacity of $800 million, based on the applicable LIBOR in effect as of   September 30, 2016  , each quarter point change in interest rates would result in a $2.0 million change in annual interest expense on the amended and restated senior revolving credit facility.  
   The variable interest production loans incur interest at rates ranging from approximately   3.53%   to   3.79%   and applicable margins ranging from 2.25% over the one, two, three, or six-month LIBOR to 2.50% over the one, three or six-month LIBOR. A quarter point increase of the interest rates on the outstanding principal amount of our variable rate production loans would result in $1.2 million in additional costs capitalized to the respective film or television asset. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , our 5.25% Senior Notes, Term Loan Due 2022 and convertible senior subordinated notes had an aggregate outstanding carrying value of $712.0 million, and an estimated fair value of $742.6 million. A 1% increase or decrease in the level of interest rates would increase or decrease the fair value of the 5.25% Senior Notes, Term Loan Due 2022 and convertible senior subordinated notes by approximately $23.9 million and $25.0 million, respectively. 
    
  The following table presents our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. The table also presents the cash flows of the principal amounts of the financial instruments with the related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates and the fair value of the instrument as of   September 30, 2016  : 

78 

     Table of Contents  

____________________ 
           (1) 
    Amended and restated senior revolving credit facility, which expires September 27, 2017 and bears interest of 2.50% over the Adjusted LIBOR rate.  
              (2) 
    Represents amounts owed to film production entities on anticipated delivery date or release date of the titles or the contractual due dates of the obligation, that incur interest at rates ranging from approximately   3.53%   to   3.79%  .  
              (3) 
    Senior secured second-priority notes with a fixed interest rate equal to 5.25%.  

79 

Table of Contents  

Item 4.     Controls and Procedures. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  The term  disclosure controls and procedures  is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the  Exchange Act ). These rules refer to the controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within required time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that such controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  As required by Rule 13a-15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, also evaluated whether any changes occurred to the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, such control. Based on that evaluation, there has been no such change during the period covered by this report. 

80 

Table of Contents  

PART II 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings. 
    
  From time to time, the Company is involved in certain claims and legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business. While the resolution of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not believe, based on current knowledge, that the outcome of any currently pending legal proceedings in which the Company is currently involved will have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flow. 
    
  For a discussion of certain claims and legal proceedings, see Note 16 - Contingencies to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, which discussion is incorporated by reference into this   Part II, Item 1, Legal Proceedings  . 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors. 
    
  Other than as set forth below, there were no other material changes to the risk factors previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.  
    
  If our level of corporate debt increases, it could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, require us to dedicate substantial capital to servicing our debt obligations, expose us to interest rate risk, limit our ability to pursue strategic business opportunities, affect our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from meeting our debt obligations. 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, our corporate debt was $1,027.9 million (carrying value - $1,009.8 million). In addition, our production loan obligations were $468.9 million (carrying value - $468.1 million). 
    
  On July 19, 2013, we redeemed $432.0 million of our 10.25% Senior Secured Second-Priority Notes (the  10.25% Senior Notes ), issued $225.0 million of our 5.25% Senior Secured Second-Priority Notes (the  5.25% Senior Notes ) and borrowed $225.0 million under our Second Lien Credit and Guarantee Agreement dated July 19, 2013 (the  Term Loan Due 2020 ). On March 17, 2015, we redeemed the Term Loan Due 2020 and borrowed $375 million under our Second Lien Credit and Guarantee Agreement dated March 17, 2015 (the "Term Loan Due 2022"). On March 17, 2015, the April 2009 3.625% Notes were called for redemption and in April 2015, the holders of the notes converted substantially all of the outstanding principal amounts into common shares. On May 4, 2015, we amended the Term Loan Due 2022 to increase the aggregate principal amount to $400 million. On October 27, 2016, we closed a private offering of $520 million aggregate principal amount of 5.875% senior notes due 2024. 
    
  A substantial degree of leverage could have important consequences, including the following: 

it may limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing for working capital, capital expenditures, motion picture and television development, production and distribution, debt service requirements, acquisitions or general corporate or other purposes, or limit our ability to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us; 
                
    a portion of our cash flows from operations will be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including funding motion picture and television production, development and distribution and other operating expenses, capital expenditures and future business opportunities; 
                
    the debt service requirements of our indebtedness could make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations; 
                
    certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under our secured credit facilities are at variable rates of interest, exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates; 
                
    it may limit our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; 
                
    it may limit our ability to pursue strategic acquisitions and other business opportunities that may be in our best interests; 
                
    we may be vulnerable to a downturn in general economic conditions or in our business; and/or 
                
    we may be unable to carry out capital spending that is important to our growth. 
       
  Despite our current indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur additional debt in the future. 

81 

     Table of Contents  

Although each of our credit facilities and the indentures governing our senior secured notes contains covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, including guarantees, make restricted payments and investments, and grant liens on our assets, the covenants contained in such debt documents provide a number of important exceptions and thus, do not prohibit us or our subsidiaries from doing so. Such exceptions will provide us substantial flexibility to incur indebtedness, grant liens and expend funds to operate our business. For example, under the terms of the indenture governing our senior secured notes (i) with few restrictions, we may incur indebtedness in connection with certain film and television financing arrangements, including without limitation, purchasing or acquiring rights in film or television productions or financing print and advertising expenses, and such indebtedness may be secured by liens senior to the liens in respect of our senior secured notes, and (ii) in limited circumstances, we may make investments in assets that are not included in the borrowing base supporting our senior secured notes, in each case, without having to meet the leverage ratio tests for debt incurrence or to fit such investments within the restricted payments  build up basket  or within other categories of funds applicable to making investments and other restricted payments under the indenture governing our senior secured notes. 
    
  In addition, we may incur additional indebtedness through our senior secured credit facility. We may borrow up to $800 million under the senior secured credit facility. At September 30, 2016, we have $301.0 million of borrowings under our senior secured credit facility, and no letters of credit outstanding. We could borrow some or all of the remaining permitted amount in the future. The amount we have available to borrow  under this facility depends upon our borrowing base, which in turn depends on the value of our  existing library of films and television programs, as well as accounts receivable and cash held in  collateral accounts. If new debt is added to our and our subsidiaries' existing debt levels, this has the potential to magnify the risks discussed above relating to our ability to service our indebtedness and the potential adverse impact our high level of indebtedness could have on us. 
    
  An increase in the ownership of our common shares by certain shareholders could trigger a change in control under the agreements governing our long-term indebtedness. 
    
  The agreements governing certain of our long-term indebtedness contain change in control provisions that are triggered when any of our shareholders, directly or indirectly, acquires ownership or control in excess of a certain percentage of our common shares. As of November 1, 2016, four of our shareholders, Mark H. Rachesky, M.D., Capital Research Global Investors, Vanguard Group Inc., FMR, LLC, and their respective affiliates, beneficially owned approximately 20.4%, 4.7%, 4.5% and 4.5%, respectively, of our outstanding common shares 
    
  Under certain circumstances, including the acquisition of ownership or control by a person or group in excess of 50% of our common shares, the holders of our senior secured notes and our convertible senior subordinated notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of such notes upon a change in control and the holders of our convertible senior subordinated notes may be entitled to receive a make whole premium based on the price of our common shares on the change in control date. We may not be able to repurchase these notes upon a change in control because we may not have sufficient funds. Further, we may be contractually restricted under the terms of our secured credit facilities from repurchasing all of the notes tendered by holders upon a change in control. Our failure to repurchase our senior secured notes upon a change in control would cause a default under the indentures governing the senior secured notes and the convertible senior subordinated notes and a cross-default under our secured credit facilities. 
    
  Our secured credit facilities also provide that a change in control, which includes a person or group acquiring ownership or control in excess of 50% of our outstanding common shares, will be an event of default that permits lenders to accelerate the maturity of borrowings thereunder and to enforce security interests in the collateral securing such debt, thereby limiting our ability to raise cash to purchase our outstanding senior secured notes and convertible senior subordinated notes. Any of our future debt agreements may contain similar provisions. 
    
  Certain shareholders own a substantial amount of our outstanding common shares. 
    
  As of November 1, 2016, four of our shareholders beneficially owned an aggregate of 50,673,469 of our common shares, or approximately 34.2% of the outstanding shares. In addition, one of these shareholders, Mark H. Rachesky, M.D., the beneficial owner of approximately 20.4% of our outstanding common shares, currently serves as the Chairman of our Board of Directors. Accordingly, these four shareholders, collectively, have the power to exercise substantial influence over us and on matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including the election of directors, the approval of mergers and other significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may make it more difficult for other shareholders to effect substantial changes in our company and may also have the effect of delaying, preventing or expediting, as the case may be, a change in control of our company. 

82 

     Table of Contents  

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common shares, or the perception that such sales might occur, could have an adverse effect on the price of our common shares, and therefore our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations. 
    
  As of November 1, 2016, approximately 20.4% of our common shares were held beneficially by certain individuals and institutional investors who each had ownership of equal to or greater than 5% of our common shares. We also filed resale registration statements to enable certain shareholders who received our common shares in connection with acquisitions and certain holders of debt convertible into our common shares, to resell our common shares. Sales by such individuals and institutional investors of a substantial number of shares of our common shares into the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could have an adverse effect on the price of our common shares, which could materially impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of common shares or debt that is convertible into our common shares. 

83 

     Table of Contents  

The merger (defined below) is subject to a number of conditions, and may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, or at all. 
  Lionsgate and Starz entered into a definitive agreement and     plan of merger on June 30, 2016, providing for the acquisition of Starz by Lionsgate (which we refer to as the  merger agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the     merger agreement, a wholly owned subsidiary of Lionsgate will merge with and into Starz, with Starz continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming an     indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Lionsgate (which we refer to as the  merger ).    
  Under the terms of the merger agreement, immediately prior to consummation of the proposed merger, Lionsgate will effect a reorganization of its outstanding share capital (which we refer to as the  reclassification ), pursuant to which each existing Lionsgate common share, without par value (which we refer to as the  Lionsgate common shares ), will be converted into 0.5 shares of newly issued Class A voting shares, without par value, of Lionsgate (which we refer to as the  Lionsgate voting shares ) and 0.5 shares of newly issued Class B non-voting shares, without par value, of Lionsgate (which we refer to as the  Lionsgate non-voting shares  and together with the Lionsgate voting shares as the  Lionsgate post-reclassification shares ). 
  Following the reclassification, in the proposed merger, (a) each share of Starz Series A common stock, par value $0.01 (which we refer to as the  Starz Series A common stock ), will be converted into the right to receive $18.00 in cash and 0.6784 Lionsgate non-voting shares, and (b) each share of Starz Series B common stock, par value $0.01 (which we refer to as the  Starz Series B common stock,  and together with the Starz Series A common stock as the  Starz common stock ), will be converted into the right to receive $7.26 in cash, 0.6321 Lionsgate non-voting shares and 0.6321 Lionsgate voting shares, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement. 
  Concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement, Lionsgate entered into a stock exchange agreement (which we refer to as the  exchange agreement ) on June 30, 2016 with John C. Malone, Robert R. Bennett and certain of their respective affiliates (which we refer to collectively as the  M-B stockholders ). Pursuant to the terms of the exchange agreement, if the merger does not occur and the merger agreement is terminated (a) by Lionsgate because the Starz board of directors changes its recommendation in favor of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, (b) by Starz in order to enter into a superior transaction or (c) by either party because Starz s stockholders fail to approve the Starz merger proposal (as defined below), then the M-B stockholders will sell to a wholly owned subsidiary of Lionsgate all shares of Starz Series B common stock held by the M-B stockholders (which we refer to as the  Starz exchange shares ) in exchange for per share consideration of $7.26 in cash and 1.2642 newly issued Lionsgate common shares (which we refer to as the  exchange ), subject to the terms and conditions of the exchange agreement. If the M-B stockholders elect to receive all cash consideration in the exchange, or if Lionsgate fails to receive the required stockholder approval to issue Lionsgate common shares to the M-B stockholders in the exchange, the M-B stockholders will instead receive per share consideration of $36.30 in cash for each share of Starz Series B common stock sold in the exchange.  
  As we previously announced, on November 10, 2015, Lionsgate entered into an investor rights agreement (which we refer to as the  investor rights agreement ) with Liberty Global plc (which we refer to as  LGP ), Discovery Communications, Inc. (which we refer to as  Discovery ), MHR Fund Management, LLC (which we refer to as  MHR ) and certain of their respective affiliates, pursuant to which, among other things, Lionsgate granted LGP, Discovery and MHR preemptive rights of first offer with respect to the issuance of New Issue Securities (as defined in the investor rights agreement) for cash consideration (which we refer to as  preemptive rights ). Concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement, on June 30, 2016, Lionsgate and the other parties to the investor rights agreement entered into an amendment to the investor rights agreement, pursuant to which Lionsgate agreed to seek the approval of its stockholders for all issuances of New Issue Securities (including Lionsgate common shares, Lionsgate voting shares and Lionsgate non-voting shares) to LGP, Discovery and MHR in connection with their exercise of preemptive rights under the investor rights agreement during the five-year period following the receipt of such stockholder approval. Lionsgate has agreed that it will not issue any New Issue Securities (including Lionsgate common shares, Lionsgate voting shares and/or Lionsgate non-voting shares) until it obtains stockholder approval for such issuance if stockholder approval would be required in order to give effect to the preemptive rights granted in the investor rights agreement. 
  The completion of the merger is subject to certain conditions, including (a) approval of the Starz merger proposal by the affirmative vote of the outstanding aggregate voting power of Starz Series A common stock and Series B common stock, voting together as a single class; (b) approval of each of the Lionsgate reclassification proposals by the affirmative vote of the holders of a two-thirds majority of the votes cast by holders of Lionsgate common shares at the Lionsgate special meeting, assuming a quorum is present; (c) approval of the Lionsgate merger issuance proposal by the affirmative vote of the majority of the votes cast by holders of Lionsgate common shares at the Lionsgate special meeting, assuming a quorum is present; (d) completion of the reclassification; (e) expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act and German competition laws; (f) receipt of requisite FCC approval; (g) the effectiveness of the registration statement on Form S-4; (h) authorization of the Lionsgate voting shares and Lionsgate non-voting shares to be issued in the merger for listing on the NYSE; (i) the absence of any law, order, or other legal restraint or prohibition, entered, enacted, promulgated, enforced or issued by any court or other governmental authority  
  
   84 

     Table of Contents  

of competent jurisdiction, which prohibits, renders illegal or permanently enjoins the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; (j) the truth of the other party s representations and warranties in the merger agreement, subject to certain materiality standards; (k) the other party s performance, in all material respects, with its covenants required to be performed by it under the merger agreement and the Starz voting agreements, Lionsgate voting agreements and exchange agreement, as applicable, prior to the effective time of the merger; (l) the other party not having had a  material adverse effect,  as defined under the merger agreement; and (m) in the case of Lionsgate, Starz having delivered to Lionsgate an executed payoff letter in reasonable and customary form and substance in respect of the Starz credit agreement, and the Starz credit agreement having been terminated and all amounts outstanding thereunder shall have been repaid and satisfied in full. 
  Lionsgate cannot assure its shareholders that the merger will be consummated on the terms or timeline currently contemplated or at all. Many of the conditions to closing of the merger are not within the control of Lionsgate, and Lionsgate cannot predict when or if these conditions will be satisfied. The failure to meet all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Any delay in completing the merger could cause Lionsgate not to realize some or all of the benefits that Lionsgate expects to achieve if the merger is successfully completed within its expected timeframe. 
  Failure to complete the merger could adversely affect the share price and the future business and financial results of Lionsgate. 
  If the merger is not completed for any reason, including as a result of the Lionsgate shareholders or the Starz stockholders failing to approve the necessary proposals, the ongoing businesses of Lionsgate may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the merger, Lionsgate will be subject to numerous risks, including the following: 
             
    Lionsgate being required, under certain circumstances, to pay Starz a termination fee in connection with the merger agreement; 
                
    Lionsgate having to pay substantial costs relating to the merger, such as legal, accounting, financial advisor, filing, printing and mailing fees and integration costs that have already been incurred or will continue to be incurred until the closing of the merger;  
                
    Lionsgate experiencing negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on their respective stock prices, or from their respective customers, regulators and employees; 
                
    Lionsgate having had to comply with restrictions on the conduct of their respective business prior to the completion of the merger, as set forth in the merger agreement; 
                
    the management of Lionsgate focusing on the merger instead of on pursuing other opportunities that could be beneficial to the company, in each case, without realizing any of the benefits of having the merger completed; and 
                
    reputational harm due to the adverse perception of any failure to successfully complete the merger. 
       
  If the merger is not completed, Lionsgate cannot assure its shareholders that these risks will not materialize and will not materially affect the business, financial results and share price of Lionsgate. 
  The pendency of the merger could adversely affect the business and operations of Lionsgate. 
  In connection with the pending merger, some customers or vendors of Lionsgate may delay or defer decisions, which could adversely affect the revenues, earnings, funds from operations, cash flows and expenses of Lionsgate, regardless of whether the merger is completed.  Similarly, current and prospective employees of Lionsgate may experience uncertainty about their future roles with Lionsgate following the merger, which may materially adversely affect the ability of Lionsgate to attract and retain key personnel during the pendency of the merger.  In addition, due to operating covenants in the merger agreement, Lionsgate may be unable (without the other party s prior written consent), during the pendency of the merger, to pursue strategic transactions, undertake significant capital projects, undertake certain significant financing transactions and otherwise pursue other actions, even if such actions would prove beneficial. The risks, and adverse effects, of such disruptions could be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement. These factors could adversely affect the revenues, earnings, funds from operations, cash flows and expenses of Lionsgate, regardless of whether the merger is completed. 
  Lionsgate expects to incur substantial transaction and merger-related transition expenses in connection with the merger. 
  Lionsgate expects that it will incur substantial, non-recurring expenses in completing the merger and the reclassification and integrating the business, operations, networks, systems, technologies, policies and procedures of Lionsgate and Starz. While Lionsgate has assumed that a certain level of transaction and integration expenses would be incurred, there are a number of factors beyond its control that could affect the total amount or the timing of its integration expenses.  Many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the present time.  The expenses in connection with the merger and the reclassification are expected to be significant, although the aggregate amount and timing of such charges remain uncertain at  
  
   85 

     Table of Contents  

present. Some of these costs are payable regardless of whether the merger, any other transaction contemplated by the merger agreement or the exchange is completed.  
  Following the merger, Lionsgate may be unable to integrate the business of Starz successfully or realize the anticipated synergies and related benefits of the merger or do so within the anticipated time frame. 
  The merger involves the combination of two companies which currently operate as independent public companies. Lionsgate will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of Starz.  Potential difficulties Lionsgate may encounter in the integration process include the following: 
             
    the inability to successfully combine the businesses of Lionsgate and Starz in a manner that permits Lionsgate to achieve the benefits anticipated to result from the merger, in the time frame currently anticipated or at all; 
                
    the complexities associated with managing Lionsgate out of several different locations and integrating personnel from the two companies; 
                
    the additional complexities of combining two companies with different histories, cultures, regulatory restrictions, markets and customer bases; 
                
    the failure by Lionsgate to retain key employees of either Lionsgate or Starz; 
                
    potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the merger; and 
                
    performance shortfalls at one or both of the two companies as a result of the diversion of management s attention in connection with completing the merger and integrating the companies  operations. 
       
  For all these reasons, you should be aware that it is possible that the integration process could result in the distraction of Lionsgate s management, the disruption of Lionsgate s ongoing business or inconsistencies in Lionsgate s services, standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect the ability of Lionsgate to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger, or could otherwise adversely affect the business and financial results of Lionsgate following the merger. 
  Other external factors may limit Lionsgate s ability to realize the anticipated synergies of the merger. For example, changes in interest rates, prior to the completion of the merger, may limit Lionsgate s ability to achieve all of the incremental tax synergies it expects from its global cash management, financing, and distribution operations. 
  The future results of Lionsgate will suffer if Lionsgate does not effectively manage its operations following the merger. 
  Following the merger, Lionsgate may continue to expand its operations through additional acquisitions, development opportunities and other strategic transactions, some of which involve complex challenges. The future success of Lionsgate will depend, in part, upon the ability of Lionsgate to manage its expansion opportunities, which poses substantial challenges for Lionsgate to integrate new operations into its existing business in an efficient and timely manner. No assurance can be given that Lionsgate s expansion or acquisition opportunities will be successful, or that it will realize its expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements, synergies or other benefits. 
  Significant additional indebtedness will be incurred by Lionsgate in connection with the merger that could adversely affect Lionsgate s operations and financial condition after the merger. 
  As of September 30, 2016, Lionsgate had corporate debt of approximately $1,027.9 million and production loan obligations of $468.9 million, and Lionsgate will incur significant additional indebtedness in connection with the merger. As of June 30, 2016, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to the merger, Lionsgate and its subsidiaries will have corporate debt of $3,821.9 million, capitalized lease obligations of $62.0 million and production loan obligations of $530.9 million, approximately $3,642.9 million of which will be secured (including production loan obligations of $530.9 million and capitalized lease obligations of $62.0 million). The incurrence of new indebtedness could have adverse consequences on Lionsgate s business following the merger, such as: 
             
    requiring Lionsgate to use a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to service its indebtedness, which would reduce the available cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, and other general corporate purposes and reduce cash for distributions or limiting Lionsgate s ability to obtain additional financing to fund such needs;  
                
    exposing Lionsgate to increased interest expense to the extent Lionsgate refinances existing debt with higher cost debt, including potential movement of interest rates prior to the completion of the merger;  
     
   86 

     Table of Contents  

increasing Lionsgate s vulnerabilities to fluctuations in market interest rates to the extent that Lionsgate s debt is subject to floating interest rates;  
                
    limiting Lionsgate s ability to compete with other companies that are not as highly leveraged, as Lionsgate may be less capable of responding to adverse economic and industry conditions; and 
                
    restricting the way in which Lionsgate conducts its business because of financial and operating covenants in the agreements governing Lionsgate s existing and future indebtedness and exposing Lionsgate to potential events of default (if not cured or waived) under covenants contained in Lionsgate s debt instruments.  
       
  The impact of any of these potential adverse consequences could have a material adverse effect on Lionsgate s results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 
  The market price of Lionsgate post-reclassification shares may decline as a result of the merger. 
  The market price of Lionsgate post-reclassification shares may decline as a result of the merger if Lionsgate does not achieve the expected benefits of the merger or the effect of the merger on Lionsgate s financial results is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.  
  In addition, upon consummation of the reclassification and the merger, Lionsgate shareholders will own interests in Lionsgate, which will operate an expanded business with a different mix of assets, risks and liabilities. Current shareholders of Lionsgate may not wish to continue to invest in Lionsgate, or for other reasons may wish to dispose of some or all of their Lionsgate voting shares and/or Lionsgate non-voting shares. If, following the effective time of the merger, large amounts of Lionsgate post-reclassification shares are sold, the price of Lionsgate post-reclassification shares could decline. 
  Lionsgate shareholders will be diluted by the merger. 
  The merger will dilute the ownership position of Lionsgate shareholders.  Based upon the number of outstanding shares of Lionsgate on October 31, 2016 and the number of outstanding shares of Starz common stock on October 31, 2016, current Lionsgate shareholders will continue to own approximately 68.8% of the outstanding Lionsgate post-reclassification shares (including 54.2% of the outstanding Lionsgate non-voting shares and 94.2% of the outstanding Lionsgate voting shares). 
  Consequently, Lionsgate shareholders, as a general matter, will have less influence over the management and policies of Lionsgate after the completion of the merger than they currently exercise over the management and policies of Lionsgate, respectively. 
  Following the merger, Lionsgate may be unable to retain key employees. 
  The success of Lionsgate after the merger will depend in part upon its ability to retain key Lionsgate and Starz employees. Key employees may depart either before or after the merger because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of separation or integration or a desire not to remain with Lionsgate following the merger. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that Lionsgate, Starz or, following the merger, Lionsgate will be able to retain key employees to the same extent as in the past. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
    
  Issuer Purchases of Securities 
    
  On May 31, 2007, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $50 million of our common shares. On each of May 29, 2008 and November 6, 2008, our Board of Directors authorized additional repurchases up to an additional $50 million of our common shares. On December 17, 2013, our Board of Directors authorized the Company to increase its stock repurchase plan to $300 million and on February 2, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized the Company to further increase its stock repurchase plan to $468 million. To date, approximately $283.2 million (or 15,729,923) of our common shares have been purchased, leaving approximately $184.7 million of authorized potential purchases. The remaining $184.7 million of our common shares may be purchased from time to time at the Company s discretion, including quantity, timing and price thereof, and will be subject to market conditions. Such purchases will be structured as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The share repurchase program has no expiration date. 
    
  The Company did not repurchase any shares during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
    
  Additionally, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, 1,652,623 common shares were withheld upon the vesting of  
  
   87 

     Table of Contents  

restricted share units, share issuances and stock option exercises to satisfy minimum statutory federal, state and local tax withholding obligations. 
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
    
  As previously disclosed, on June 30, 2016, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ) with Starz, a Delaware corporation ( Starz ) and Orion Arm Acquisition Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ( Merger Sub ). The Merger Agreement provides that Merger Sub will merge with and into Starz, with Starz continuing as the surviving corporation and becoming an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Lions Gate (the  Merger ). 
    
  On October 21, 2016, the Company and Lions Gate Entertainment Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( LGEI ), entered into a Securities Issuance and Payment Agreement (the  Securities Issuance Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company and LGEI agreed to issue to AT T Media Holdings, Inc. ( AT T ) $50 million in, at LGEI s election, (a) an equal number of Company voting shares and Company non-voting shares, (b) cash or (c) a combination thereof, and paid in three $16.67 million annual installments, beginning on the first anniversary of the consummation of the proposed Merger. The Company voting shares and Company non-voting shares will be deemed to have a value equal to the 30-day volume weighted average price of Company voting shares or Company non-voting shares, respectively, as of the business day immediately prior to the applicable payment date. 
    
  The Company entered into the Securities Issuance Agreement in connection with Starz s multi-year extensions of its affiliation agreements with both AT T Services, Inc. and DIRECTV, LLC (the  affiliation agreements ). The Securities Issuance Agreement will become effective only upon the closing of the proposed Merger and will terminate upon certain terminations of the affiliation agreements. 
    
  The Company has not completed the reorganization of its share capital and has not yet issued any Company voting shares or Company non-voting shares pursuant to the Securities Issuance Agreement. The Company voting shares and Company non-voting shares, if any, to be issued pursuant to the Securities Issuance Agreement are expected to be issued as a private placement to AT T in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Item 3.   Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
  None 

Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures. 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 5.   Other Information. 
  None 

88 

Table of Contents  

Item 6.   Exhibits. 
                   Exhibit 

Number 
      
    Description of Documents 
      3.1(1) 
      
    Articles 
      3.2(2) 
      
    Notice of Articles 
      3.3(3) 
      
    Vertical Short Form Amalgamation Application 
      3.4(3) 
      
    Certificate of Amalgamation 
      10.127* 
      
    Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. 2012 Performance Incentive Plan. 
      10.128(4)* 
      
    Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated October 11, 2016, between the Company and Jon Feltheimer 
      10.129(5) 
      
    Indenture, dated as of October 27, 2016, by and between LG FinanceCo Corp. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee 
      10.130(5) 
      
    Securities Issuance and Payment Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2016, by and among Lions Gate Entertainment Corp., Lions Gate Entertainment Inc. and AT T Media Holdings, Inc. 
      10.131(5) 
      
    Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 21, 2016, by and among Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. and AT T Media Holdings, Inc. 
      10.131(6)* 
      
    Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated November 3, 2016, between Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. and Michael Burns 
      31.1 
      
    Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      31.2 
      
    Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.1 
      
    Certification of CEO and CFO pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      101 
      
    The following materials from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

__________________________ 
               (5) 
    Incorporated by reference as Exhibits to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed on October 27, 2016. 
                     * 
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

89 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 

By:   
    /s/ J  AMES   W. B  ARGE 

Name: 
    James W. Barge 
      
      DATE: November 8, 2016 
      
    Title: 
    Duly Authorized Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

90 

<EX-10.127>
 2
 ex10127lionsgate2012perfor.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.127 - LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 2012 PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.127 
    
  LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. 
  2012 PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN 
    
  1.  PURPOSE OF PLAN 
  The purpose of this Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. 2012 Performance Incentive Plan (this    Plan   ) of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp., a company continued under the laws of the Province of British Columbia (the    Corporation   ), is to promote the success of the Corporation by providing an additional means through the grant of awards to attract, motivate, retain and reward selected employees and other eligible persons and to enhance the alignment of the interests of the selected participants with the interests of the Corporation s shareholders.  
  2.        ELIGIBILITY 
  The Administrator (as such term is defined in Section 3.1) may grant awards under this Plan only to those persons that the Administrator determines to be Eligible Persons.  An    Eligible Person    is any person who is either: (a) an officer (whether or not a director) or employee of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries; (b) a director of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries; or (c) an individual consultant or advisor who renders or has rendered bona fide services (other than services in connection with the offering or sale of securities of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries in a capital-raising transaction or as a market maker or promoter of securities of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries) to the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries and who is selected to participate in this Plan by the Administrator; provided, however, that a person who is otherwise an Eligible Person under clause (c) above may participate in this Plan only if such participation would not adversely affect either the Corporation s eligibility to use Form S-8 to register under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the    Securities Act   ), the offering and sale of shares issuable under this Plan by the Corporation or the Corporation s compliance with any other applicable laws.  An Eligible Person who has been granted an award (a  participant ) may, if otherwise eligible, be granted additional awards if the Administrator shall so determine.  As used herein,    Subsidiary    means any corporation or other entity a majority of whose outstanding voting stock or voting power is beneficially owned directly or indirectly by the Corporation; and    Board    means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
  3.        PLAN ADMINISTRATION 
           3.1 
    The Administrator  .  This Plan shall be administered by and all awards under this Plan shall be authorized by the Administrator.  The    Administrator    means the Board or one or more committees (or subcommittees, as the case may be) appointed by the Board or another committee (within its delegated authority) to administer all or certain aspects of this Plan.  Any such committee shall be comprised solely of one or more directors or such number of directors as may be required under applicable law.  A committee may delegate some or all of its authority to another committee so constituted.  The Board or a committee comprised solely of directors may also delegate, to the extent permitted by  
     
   1 

applicable law, to one or more officers of the Corporation, its authority under this Plan.  The Board or another committee (within its delegated authority) may delegate different levels of authority to different committees or persons with administrative and grant authority under this Plan.  Unless otherwise provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation or the applicable charter of any Administrator: (a) a majority of the members of the acting Administrator shall constitute a quorum, and (b) the vote of a majority of the members present assuming the presence of a quorum or the unanimous written consent of the members of the Administrator shall constitute action by the acting Administrator. 
           3.2 
    Powers of the Administrator  .  Subject to the express provisions of this Plan, the Administrator is authorized and empowered to do all things necessary or desirable in connection with the authorization of awards and the administration of this Plan (in the case of a committee or delegation to one or more officers, within any express limits on the authority delegated to that committee or person(s)), including, without limitation, the authority to: 
              (a) 
    determine eligibility and, from among those persons determined to be eligible, determine the particular Eligible Persons who will receive an award under this Plan; 
              (b) 
    grant awards to Eligible Persons, determine the price (if any) at which securities will be offered or awarded and the number of securities to be offered or awarded to any of such persons (in the case of securities-based awards), determine the other specific terms and conditions of awards consistent with the express limits of this Plan, establish the installment(s) (if any) in which such awards shall become exercisable or shall vest (which may include, without limitation, performance and/or time-based schedules), or determine that no delayed exercisability or vesting is required, establish any applicable performance-based exercisability or vesting requirements, determine the extent (if any) to which any applicable exercise and vesting requirements have been satisfied, and establish the events (if any) of termination, expiration or reversion of such awards; 
              (c) 
    approve the forms of any award agreements (which need not be identical either as to type of award or among participants); 
              (d) 
    construe and interpret this Plan and any agreements defining the rights and obligations of the Corporation, its Subsidiaries, and participants under this Plan, make any and all determinations under this Plan and any such agreements, further define the terms used in this Plan, and prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the administration of this Plan or the awards granted under this Plan; 
              (e) 
    cancel, modify, or waive the Corporation s rights with respect to, or modify, discontinue, suspend, or terminate any or all outstanding awards, subject to any required consent under Section 8.6.5; 
     
   2 

(f) 
    accelerate, waive or extend the vesting or exercisability, or modify or extend the term of any or all such outstanding awards (in the case of options or share appreciation rights, within the maximum ten-year term of such awards) in such circumstances as the Administrator may deem appropriate (including, without limitation, in connection with a termination of employment or services or other events of a personal nature) subject to any required consent under Section 8.6.5; 
              (g) 
    adjust the number of Common Shares subject to any award, adjust the price of any or all outstanding awards or otherwise waive or change previously imposed terms and conditions, in such circumstances as the Administrator may deem appropriate, in each case subject to Sections 4 and 8.6 (and subject to the no repricing provision below); 
              (h) 
    determine the date of grant of an award, which may be a designated date after but not before the date of the Administrator s action to approve the award (unless otherwise designated by the Administrator, the date of grant of an award shall be the date upon which the Administrator took the action approving the award); 
              (i) 
    determine whether, and the extent to which, adjustments are required pursuant to Section 7.1 hereof and take any other actions contemplated by Section 7 in connection with the occurrence of an event of the type described in Section 7; 
              (j) 
    acquire or settle (subject to Sections 7 and 8.6) rights under awards in cash, stock of equivalent value, or other consideration (subject to the no repricing provision below); and 
              (k) 
    determine the fair market value of the Common Shares or awards under this Plan from time to time and/or the manner in which such value will be determined. 
              3.3 
          Prohibition on Repricing  .  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3.2 and except for an adjustment pursuant to Section 7.1 or a repricing approved by shareholders, in no case may the Administrator (1) amend an outstanding stock option or SAR to reduce the exercise price or base price of the award, (2) cancel, exchange, or surrender an outstanding stock option or SAR in exchange for cash or other awards for the purpose of repricing the award, or (3) cancel, exchange, or surrender an outstanding stock option or SAR in exchange for an option or SAR with an exercise or base price that is less than the exercise or base price of the original award. 
              3.4 
        Binding Determinations  .  Any determination or other action taken by, or inaction of, the Corporation, any Subsidiary, or the Administrator relating or pursuant to this Plan (or any award made under this Plan) and within its authority hereunder or under applicable law shall be within the absolute discretion of that entity or body and shall be conclusive and binding upon all persons.  Neither the Board nor any Board committee, nor any member thereof or person acting at the direction  
     
   3 

thereof, shall be liable for any act, omission, interpretation, construction or determination made in good faith in connection with this Plan (or any award made under this Plan), and all such persons shall be entitled to indemnification and reimbursement by the Corporation in respect of any claim, loss, damage or expense (including, without limitation, attorneys  fees) arising or resulting therefrom to the fullest extent permitted by law and/or under any directors and officers liability insurance coverage that may be in effect from time to time.  Neither the Board nor any other Administrator, nor any member thereof or person acting at the direction thereof, nor the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries, shall be liable for any damages of a participant should an option intended as an ISO (as defined below) fail to meet the requirements of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the    Code   ), applicable to ISOs, should any other award(s) fail to qualify for any intended tax treatment, should any award grant or other action with respect thereto not satisfy Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise for any tax or other liability imposed on a participant with respect to an award. 
           3.5 
        Reliance on Experts  .  In making any determination or in taking or not taking any action under this Plan, the Administrator may obtain and may rely upon the advice of experts, including employees and professional advisors to the Corporation.  No director, officer or agent of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries shall be liable for any such action or determination taken or made or omitted in good faith. 
              3.6 
          Delegation  .  The Administrator may delegate ministerial, non-discretionary functions to individuals who are officers or employees of the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries or to third parties. 
     4.        COMMON SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN; SHARE LIMITS 
           4.1 
        Shares Available  .  Subject to the provisions of Section 7.1, the capital stock that may be delivered under this Plan shall be shares of the Corporation s authorized but unissued Common Shares and any Common Shares held as treasury shares.  For purposes of this Plan,    Common Shares    shall mean the common shares of the Corporation and such other securities or property as may become the subject of awards under this Plan, or may become subject to such awards, pursuant to an adjustment made under Section 7.1. 
              4.2 
          Aggregate Share Limit  .  The maximum number of Common Shares that may be delivered pursuant to awards granted to Eligible Persons under this Plan (the    Share Limit   ) is equal to:  
               (2) 
    the number of any shares subject to stock options and share appreciation rights granted under the Corporation s 2004 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended (the    2004 Plan   ) and outstanding as of March 31, 2012 which expire, or for any reason are cancelled or terminated, after March 31, 2012 without being exercised (which, for purposes of clarity, shall  
     
   4 

become available for award grants under this Plan on a one-for-one basis), plus 
           (3) 
    the number of any shares subject to restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards granted under the 2004 Plan that are outstanding and unvested on March 31, 2012 that are forfeited, terminated, cancelled or otherwise reacquired by the Corporation after March 31, 2012 without having become vested (with any such shares increasing the Share Limit based on the Full Value Award Ratio specified below in effect at the time of forfeiture, termination, cancellation or repurchase, as the case may be). 
     Shares issued in respect of any  Full-Value Award  granted under this Plan at any time on or after the date of the Corporation s 2014 annual meeting of shareholders (the    2014 Annual Meeting Date   ), shall be counted against the foregoing Share Limit as 1.9 shares for every one share issued in connection with such award.  (For example, if a stock bonus of 100 Common Shares is granted under this Plan on or after the 2014 Annual Meeting Date, 190 shares shall be charged against the Share Limit in connection with that award.)      Shares issued in respect of any Full-Value Award granted under this Plan at any time prior to the 2014 Annual Meeting Date shall be counted against the foregoing Share Limit as 2.0 shares for every one share issued in connection with such award.  For this purpose, a    Full-Value Award    means any award under this Plan that is   not   a stock option grant or a share appreciation right grant. 
           4.3 
        Additional Share Limits  .  The following limits also apply with respect to awards granted under this Plan.  These limits are in addition to, not in lieu of, the aggregate Share Limit in Section 4.2. 
              (a) 
    The maximum number of Common Shares that may be delivered pursuant to options qualified as incentive stock options granted under this Plan is 31,600,000 shares. 
              (b) 
    The maximum number of Common Shares subject to those options and share appreciation rights that are granted under this Plan during any calendar year to any one individual under this Plan is 3,000,000 shares.  
              (c) 
    Additional limits with respect to Qualified Performance-Based Awards are set forth in Section 5.2.3. 
     
   5 

Each of the foregoing numerical limits is subject to adjustment as contemplated by Section 4.3, Section 7.1, and Section 8.10. 
           4.4 
          Share-Limit Counting Rules  .  The Share Limit shall be subject to the following provisions of this Section 4.4:  
              (a) 
    Shares that are subject to or underlie awards granted under this Plan which expire or for any reason are cancelled or terminated, are forfeited, fail to vest, or for any other reason are not paid or delivered under this Plan shall not be counted against the Share Limit and shall be available for subsequent awards under this Plan.   
              (b) 
    To the extent that Common Shares are delivered pursuant to the exercise of a SAR or stock option granted under this Plan, the number of underlying shares as to which the exercise related shall be counted against the Share Limit, as opposed to only counting the shares issued.  (For purposes of clarity, if a SAR relates to 100,000 shares and is exercised at a time when the payment due to the participant is 15,000 shares, 100,000 shares shall be charged against the Share Limit with respect to such exercise.)   
              (c) 
    Shares that are exchanged by a participant or withheld by the Corporation as full or partial payment in connection with any stock option or SAR granted under this Plan, as well as any shares exchanged by a participant or withheld by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to any stock option or SAR granted under this Plan, shall not be available for subsequent awards under this Plan.  Shares that are exchanged by a participant or withheld by the Corporation as full or partial payment in connection with any Full-Value Award granted under this Plan, as well as any shares exchanged by a participant or withheld by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to any Full-Value Award granted under this Plan, shall not be counted against the Share Limit and shall be available for subsequent awards under this Plan, provided that any one (1) share so exchanged or withheld in connection with any Full-Value Award shall be credited based on the Full-Value Award ratio set forth above shares when determining the number of shares that shall again become available for subsequent awards under this Plan.   
              (d) 
    In addition, shares that are exchanged by a participant or withheld by the Corporation after the date on which shareholders initially approved this Plan as full or partial payment in connection with any Full-Value Award granted under the 2004 Plan, as well as any shares exchanged by a participant or withheld by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries after such date to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to any Full-Value Award granted under the 2004 Plan, shall be available for new awards under this Plan, provided that any one (1) share so exchanged or withheld in connection with any Full-Value Award shall be credited based on the Full-Value Award ratio set forth above shares when determining the  
     
   6 

number of shares that shall again become available for subsequent awards under this Plan.  For purposes of clarity, shares that are exchanged by a participant or withheld by the Corporation or a Subsidiary as payment in connection with a stock option or SAR granted under the 2004 Plan, or to satisfy any tax withholding obligations in connection with such a stock option or SAR, shall not be available for awards under this Plan.   
           (e) 
    To the extent that an award granted under this Plan is settled in cash or a form other than Common Shares, the shares that would have been delivered had there been no such cash or other settlement shall not be counted against the Share Limit and shall be available for subsequent awards under this Plan.   
              (f) 
    In the event that Common Shares are delivered in respect of a dividend equivalent right granted under this Plan, the number of shares delivered with respect to the award shall be counted against the Share Limit.  (For purposes of clarity, if 1,000 dividend equivalent rights are granted and outstanding when the Corporation pays a dividend, and 50 shares are delivered in payment of those rights with respect to that dividend, 95 shares (after giving effect to the Full-Value Award premium counting rules) shall be counted against the Share Limit).  Except as otherwise provided by the Administrator, shares delivered in respect of dividend equivalent rights shall not count against any individual award limit under this Plan other than the aggregate Share Limit.   
     Refer to Section 8.10 for application of the share limits of this Plan, including the limits in Sections 4.2 and 4.3, with respect to assumed awards.  Each of the numerical limits and references in Sections 4.2 and 4.3, and in this Section 4.4, is subject to adjustment as contemplated by Section 4.3, Section 7 and Section 8.10.  The share limits of Section 4.3 shall be applied on a one-for-one basis without applying the Full-Value Award premium counting rule taken into account in determining the Share Limit.  The foregoing adjustments to the share limits of this Plan are subject to any applicable limitations under Section 162(m) of the Code with respect to awards intended as performance-based compensation thereunder.  
           4.5 
    No Fractional Shares; Minimum Issue  .      Unless otherwise expressly provided by the Administrator, no fractional shares shall be delivered under this Plan.  The Administrator may pay cash in lieu of any fractional shares in settlements of awards under this Plan.  The Administrator may from time to time impose a limit (of not greater than 100 shares) on the minimum number of shares that may be purchased or exercised as to awards (or any particular award) granted under this Plan unless (as to any particular award) the total number purchased or exercised is the total number at the time available for purchase or exercise under the award. 

5.        AWARDS 
  
   7 

5.1 
    Type and Form of Awards  .  The Administrator shall determine the type or types of award(s) to be made to each selected Eligible Person.  Awards may be granted singly, in combination or in tandem.  Awards also may be made in combination or in tandem with, in replacement of, as alternatives to, or as the payment form for grants or rights under any other employee or compensation plan of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries.  The types of awards that may be granted under this Plan are: 
     5.1.1        Stock Options  .  A stock option is the grant of a right to purchase a specified number of Common Shares during a specified period as determined by the Administrator.  An option may be intended as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code (an    ISO   ) or a nonqualified stock option (an option not intended to be an ISO).  The agreement evidencing the grant of an option will indicate if the option is intended as an ISO; otherwise it will be deemed to be a nonqualified stock option.  The maximum term of each option (ISO or nonqualified) shall be ten (10) years.  The per share exercise price for each option shall be not less than 100% of the fair market value of a Common Share on the date of grant of the option.  When an option is exercised, the exercise price for the shares to be purchased shall be paid in full in cash or such other method permitted by the Administrator consistent with Section 5.5.  
  5.1.2        Additional Rules Applicable to ISOs  .  To the extent that the aggregate fair market value (determined at the time of grant of the applicable option) of shares with respect to which ISOs first become exercisable by a participant in any calendar year exceeds $100,000, taking into account both Common Shares subject to ISOs under this Plan and shares subject to ISOs under all other plans of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries (or any parent or predecessor corporation to the extent required by and within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder), such options shall be treated as nonqualified stock options.  In reducing the number of options treated as ISOs to meet the $100,000 limit, the most recently granted options shall be reduced first.  To the extent a reduction of simultaneously granted options is necessary to meet the $100,000 limit, the Administrator may, in the manner and to the extent permitted by law, designate which Common Shares are to be treated as shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an ISO.  ISOs may only be granted to employees of the Corporation or one of its subsidiaries (for this purpose, the term  subsidiary  is used as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code, which generally requires an unbroken chain of ownership of at least 50% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of each subsidiary in the chain beginning with the Corporation and ending with the subsidiary in question).  No ISO may be granted to any person who, at the time the option is granted, owns (or is deemed to own under Section 424(d) of the Code) outstanding Common Shares possessing more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Corporation, unless the exercise price of such option is at least 110% of the fair market value of the stock subject to the option and such option by its terms is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date such option is granted.  If an otherwise-intended ISO fails to meet the applicable requirements of Section 422 of the Code, the option shall be a nonqualified stock option. 
  
   8 

5.1.3        Share Appreciation Rights  .  A share appreciation right or    SAR    is a right to receive a payment, in cash and/or Common Shares, equal to the excess of the fair market value of a specified number of Common Shares on the date the SAR is exercised over the    base price    of the award, which base price shall be set forth in the applicable award agreement and shall be not less than 100% of the fair market value of a Common Share on the date of grant of the SAR.  The maximum term of a SAR shall be ten (10) years. 
  5.1.4        Other Awards; Dividend Equivalent Rights  .  The other types of awards that may be granted under this Plan include: (a) stock bonuses, restricted stock, performance stock, stock units, phantom stock or similar rights to purchase or acquire shares, whether at a fixed or variable price (or no price) or fixed or variable ratio related to the Common Shares, and any of which may (but need not) be fully vested at grant or vest upon the passage of time, the occurrence of one or more events, the satisfaction of performance criteria or other conditions, or any combination thereof; or (b) cash awards.  Dividend equivalent rights may be granted as a separate award or in connection with another award under this Plan; provided, however, that dividend equivalent rights may not be granted as to a stock option or SAR granted under this Plan.  In addition, any dividends and/or dividend equivalents as to the unvested portion of a restricted stock award that is subject to performance-based vesting requirements or the unvested portion of a stock unit award that is subject to performance-based vesting requirements will be subject to termination and forfeiture to the same extent as the corresponding portion of the award to which they relate in the event the applicable performance-based vesting requirements are not satisfied. 
           5.2 
    Section 162(m) Performance-Based Awards  .    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any of the types of awards listed in Section 5.1.4 above may be, and options and SARs granted to officers and employees also may be, granted as awards intended to satisfy the requirements for  performance-based compensation  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.  An Award (other than an option or SAR) intended by the Administrator to satisfy the requirements for  performance-based compensation  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code is referred to as a    Qualified Performance-Based Award  .       An option or SAR intended to satisfy the requirements for  performance-based compensation  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code is referred to as a    Qualifying Option or SAR  .   The grant, vesting, exercisability or payment of Qualified Performance-Based Awards may depend on the degree of achievement of one or more performance goals relative to a pre-established targeted level or levels using one or more of the Business Criteria set forth below (on an absolute or relative (including, without limitation, relative to the performance of one or more other companies or upon comparisons of any of the indicators of performance relative to one or more other companies) basis, any of which may also be expressed as a growth or decline measure relative to an amount or performance for a prior date or period) for the Corporation on a consolidated basis or for one or more of the Corporation s subsidiaries, segments, divisions or business units, or any combination of the foregoing.  Any Qualified Performance-Based Award shall be subject to the following provisions of this  
     
   9 

Section 5.2, and a Qualifying Option or SAR shall be subject to the following provisions of this Section 5.2 only to the extent expressly set forth below.  Nothing in this Plan, however, requires the Administrator to qualify any award or compensation as  performance-based compensation  under Section 162(m) of the Code. 
  5.2.1        Class; Administrator  .    The eligible class of persons for Qualified Performance-Based Awards under this Section 5.2, as well as for a Qualifying Option or SAR, shall be officers and employees of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries.  To qualify awards as performance-based under Section 162(m), the Administrator approving Qualified Performance-Based Awards or a Qualifying Option or SAR, or making any certification required pursuant to Section 5.2.4, must constitute a committee consisting solely of two or more outside directors (as this requirement is applied under Section 162(m) of the Code). 
  5.2.2        Performance Goals  .   
           (a) 
    The specific performance goals for Qualified Performance-Based Awards shall be established based on one or more of the following business criteria (   Business Criteria   ) as selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion:  earnings per share, cash flow (which means cash and cash equivalents derived from either net cash flow from operations or net cash flow from operations, financing and investing activities), share price, total shareholder return, gross or net sales or revenue, operating income (before or after taxes), net income (before or after interest, taxes, depreciation and/or amortization), return on equity or on assets or on net assets or on capital or on sales, gross or net profit or operating margin, funds from operations, working capital, market share, cost containment or reduction, or any combination thereof.  The applicable performance measurement period may not be less than three months nor more than 10 years. 
              (b) 
    The terms of the Qualified Performance-Based Awards may specify the manner, if any, in which performance targets (or the applicable measure of performance) shall be adjusted: to mitigate the unbudgeted impact of material, unusual or nonrecurring gains and losses; to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges; to exclude the effects of financing activities; to exclude exchange rate effects; to exclude the effects of changes to accounting principles; to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates; to exclude the effects of  any items of an unusual nature or of infrequency of occurrence; to exclude the effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; to exclude the effects of discontinued operations; to assume that any business divested achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a performance period following such divestiture or to exclude the effects of any divestiture; to exclude the effect of any event or transaction referenced in Section 7.1; to exclude the effects of stock-based compensation; to exclude the award of bonuses; to exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets; to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges; to exclude the effect of any other unusual, non-recurring gain or  
     
   10 

loss, non-operating item or other extraordinary item; to exclude the costs associated with any of the foregoing or any potential transaction that if consummated would constitute any of the foregoing; or to exclude other items specified by the Administrator at the time of establishing the targets. 
           (c) 
    To qualify awards as performance-based under Section 162(m), the applicable Business Criterion (or Business Criteria, as the case may be) and specific performance formula, goal or goals ( targets ) must be established and approved by the Administrator during the first 90 days of the performance period (and, in the case of performance periods of less than one year, in no event after 25% or more of the performance period has elapsed) and while performance relating to such target(s) remains substantially uncertain within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.   
     5.2.3        Form of Payment; Maximum Qualified Performance-Based Award  .    Grants or awards under this Section 5.2 may be paid in cash or Common Shares or any combination thereof.  Qualifying Option or SAR awards granted to any one participant in any one calendar year shall be subject to the limit set forth in Section 4.3(b).  A Qualified Performance-Based Award shall be subject to the following applicable limit: (a) in the case of a Qualified Performance-Based Award where the value of the Award is expressed as a number or range of number of Common Shares (such as, without limitation, a Qualified Performance-Based Award in the form of a restricted stock, performance stock, or stock unit award) or a Qualified Performance-Based Award where the amount of cash payable upon or following vesting of the award is determined with reference to the fair market value of a Common Share at such time, the maximum number of Common Shares which may be subject to such Qualified Performance-Based Awards described in this clause (a) that are granted to any one participant in any one calendar year shall not exceed 3,000,000     shares (counting such shares on a one-for-one basis for this purpose), either individually or in the aggregate, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 7.1; and (b) in the case of other Qualified Performance-Based Awards (such as a Qualified Performance-Based Award where the potential payment is a stated cash amount or range of stated cash amounts, whether the payment is ultimately made in cash or Common Shares by converting the applicable cash amount into a number of Common Shares based on the fair market value of a Common Share upon or following vesting of the award), the aggregate amount of compensation to be paid to any one participant in respect of all such Qualified Performance-Based Awards granted to that participant in any one calendar year shall not exceed $15,000,000.  The limits in clauses (a) and (b) in the preceding sentence are separate, independent limits, and a Qualified Performance-Based Award shall be subject to the applicable limit but not both limits.  For clarity, an eligible individual may receive, during any applicable year, awards referenced in clause (a) of this Section 5.2.3 not in excess of the limit of that clause, awards referenced in clause (b) of this Section 5.2.3 not in excess of the limit of that clause, Qualifying Option or SAR awards not in excess of the limit set forth in Section 4.3(b), as well as other types of awards (not referenced in this Section 5.2.3) under this Plan.  Awards that are cancelled during the year shall  
  
   11 

be counted against any  applicable limits of Section 4.3(b) and this Section 5.2.3 to the extent required by Section 162(m) of the Code.  
  5.2.4        Certification of Payment  .    Before any Qualified Performance-Based Award is paid and to the extent applicable to qualify the award as performance-based compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator must certify in writing that the performance target(s) and any other material terms of the Qualified Performance-Based Award were in fact timely satisfied. 
  5.2.5        Reservation of Discretion  .    The Administrator will have the discretion to determine the restrictions or other limitations of the individual awards granted under this Section 5.2 including the authority to reduce awards, payouts or vesting or to pay no awards, in its sole discretion, if the Administrator preserves such authority at the time of grant by language to this effect in its authorizing resolutions or otherwise. 
  5.2.6        Expiration of Grant Authority  .    As required pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder, the Administrator s authority to grant new awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code (other than a Qualifying Option or SAR) shall terminate upon the first meeting of the Corporation s shareholders that occurs in the fifth year following the year in which the Corporation s shareholders first approve this Plan, subject to any subsequent extension that may be approved by shareholders. 
           5.3 
          Award Agreements  .  Each award shall be evidenced by a written or electronic award agreement or notice in a form approved by the Administrator (an  award agreement ), and, in each case and if required by the Administrator, executed or otherwise electronically accepted by the recipient of the award in such form and manner as the Administrator may require. 
              5.4 
    Deferrals and Settlements  .  Payment of awards may be in the form of cash, Common Shares, other awards or combinations thereof as the Administrator shall determine, and with such restrictions as it may impose.  The Administrator may also require or permit participants to elect to defer the issuance of shares or the settlement of awards in cash under such rules and procedures as it may establish under this Plan.  The Administrator may also provide that deferred settlements include the payment or crediting of interest or other earnings on the deferral amounts, or the payment or crediting of dividend equivalents where the deferred amounts are denominated in shares. 
              5.5 
    Consideration for Common Shares or Awards  .    The purchase price for any award granted under this Plan or the Common Shares to be delivered pursuant to an award, as applicable, may be paid by means of any lawful consideration as determined by the Administrator, including, without limitation, one or a combination of the following methods: 
                
    services rendered by the recipient of such award; 
     
   12 

cash, check payable to the order of the Corporation, or electronic funds transfer; 
                
    notice and third party payment in such manner as may be authorized by the Administrator; 
                
    the delivery of previously owned Common Shares; 
                
    by a reduction in the number of shares otherwise deliverable pursuant to the award; or 
                
    subject to such procedures as the Administrator may adopt, pursuant to a  cashless exercise  with a third party who provides financing for the purposes of (or who otherwise facilitates) the purchase or exercise of awards. 
     In no event shall any shares newly-issued by the Corporation be issued for less than the minimum lawful consideration for such shares or for consideration other than consideration permitted by applicable law.  Common Shares used to satisfy the exercise price of an option shall be valued at their fair market value.  The Corporation will not be obligated to deliver any shares unless and until it receives full payment of the exercise or purchase price therefor and any related withholding obligations under Section 8.5 and any other conditions to exercise or purchase have been satisfied.  Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable award agreement, the Administrator may at any time eliminate or limit a participant s ability to pay the purchase or exercise price of any award or shares by any method other than cash payment to the Corporation. 
           5.6 
    Definition of Fair Market Value  .  For purposes of this Plan,  fair market value  shall mean, unless otherwise determined or provided by the Administrator in the circumstances, the closing price (in regular trading) of a Common Share as reported on the composite tape for securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the    Exchange   ) for the date in question or, if no sales of Common Shares were made on the Exchange on that date, the closing price (in regular trading) of a Common Share as reported on said composite tape for the next preceding day on which sales of Common Shares were made on the Exchange.  The Administrator may, however, provide with respect to one or more awards that the fair market value shall equal the closing price (in regular trading) of a Common Share as reported on the composite tape for securities listed on the Exchange on the last trading day preceding the date in question or the average of the high and low trading prices of a Common Share as reported on the composite tape for securities listed on the Exchange for the date in question or the most recent trading day.  If the Common Shares are no longer listed or are no longer actively traded on the Exchange as of the applicable date, the fair market value of the Common Shares shall be the value as reasonably determined by the Administrator for purposes of the award in the circumstances.  The Administrator also may adopt a different methodology for determining fair market value with respect to one or more awards if a different methodology is necessary or advisable to secure any intended favorable tax, legal or other treatment for the particular award(s) (for example, and without limitation, the Administrator may provide that  
     
   13 

fair market value for purposes of one or more awards will be based on an average of closing prices (or the average of high and low daily trading prices) for a specified period preceding the relevant date). 
  5.7        Transfer Restrictions  . 
  5.7.1        Limitations on Exercise and Transfer  .  Unless otherwise expressly provided in (or pursuant to) this Section 5.7 or required by applicable law: (a) all awards are non-transferable and shall not be subject in any manner to sale, transfer, anticipation, alienation, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge; (b) awards shall be exercised only by the participant; and (c) amounts payable or shares issuable pursuant to any award shall be delivered only to (or for the account of) the participant. 
  5.7.2        Exceptions  .  The Administrator may permit awards to be exercised by and paid to, or otherwise transferred to, other persons or entities pursuant to such conditions and procedures, including limitations on subsequent transfers, as the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, establish in writing.  Any permitted transfer shall be subject to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws and shall not be for value (other than nominal consideration, settlement of marital property rights, or for interests in an entity in which more than 50% of the voting interests are held by the Eligible Person or by the Eligible Person s family members). 
  5.7.3        Further Exceptions to Limits on Transfer  .  The exercise and transfer restrictions in Section 5.7.1 shall not apply to:  
           (a) 
    transfers to the Corporation (for example, in connection with the expiration or termination of the award), 
              (b) 
    the designation of a beneficiary to receive benefits in the event of the participant s death or, if the participant has died, transfers to or exercise by the participant s beneficiary, or, in the absence of a validly designated beneficiary, transfers by will or the laws of descent and distribution,     
              (c) 
    subject to any applicable limitations on ISOs, transfers to a family member (or former family member) pursuant to a domestic relations order if received by the Administrator, 
              (d) 
    if the participant has suffered a disability, permitted transfers or exercises on behalf of the participant by his or her legal representative, or 
              (e) 
    the authorization by the Administrator of  cashless exercise  procedures with third parties who provide financing for the purpose of (or who otherwise facilitate) the exercise of awards consistent with applicable laws and any limitations imposed by the Administrator. 
              5.8 
    International Awards  .  One or more awards may be granted to Eligible Persons who provide services to the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries outside of the United States.  Any awards granted to such persons may be granted pursuant to  
     
   14 

the terms and conditions of any applicable sub-plans, if any, appended to this Plan and approved by the Administrator from time to time.  The awards so granted need not comply with other specific terms of this Plan, provided that shareholder approval of any deviation from the specific terms of this Plan is not required by applicable law or any applicable listing agency. 
  6.        EFFECT OF TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE ON AWARDS 
           6.1 
    General  .  The Administrator shall establish the effect of a termination of employment or service on the rights and benefits under each award under this Plan and in so doing may make distinctions based upon, inter alia, the cause of termination and type of award.  If the participant is not an employee of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries and provides other services to the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, the Administrator shall be the sole judge for purposes of this Plan (unless a contract or the award otherwise provides) of whether the participant continues to render services to the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries and the date, if any, upon which such services shall be deemed to have terminated. 
              6.2 
    Events Not Deemed Terminations of Employment  .  Unless the express policy of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, or the Administrator, otherwise provides, or except as otherwise required by applicable law, the employment relationship shall not be considered terminated in the case of (a) sick leave, (b) military leave, or (c) any other leave of absence authorized by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, or the Administrator; provided that, unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by contract or law or the Administrator otherwise provides, such leave is for a period of not more than three months.  In the case of any employee of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries on an approved leave of absence, continued vesting of the award while on leave from the employ of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries may be suspended until the employee returns to service, unless the Administrator otherwise provides or applicable law otherwise requires.  In no event shall an award be exercised after the expiration of any applicable maximum term of the award.  
              6.3 
    Effect of Change of Subsidiary Status  .  For purposes of this Plan and any award, if an entity ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Corporation a termination of employment or service shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to each Eligible Person in respect of such Subsidiary who does not continue as an Eligible Person in respect of the Corporation or another Subsidiary that continues as such after giving effect to the transaction or other event giving rise to the change in status unless the Subsidiary that is sold, spun-off or otherwise divested (or its successor or a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary or successor) assumes the Eligible Person s award(s) in connection with such transaction. 
     7.        ADJUSTMENTS; ACCELERATION 
  7.1              Adjustments  .   
  
   15 

(a) 
    Subject to Section 7.2, upon (or, as may be necessary to effect the adjustment, immediately prior to): any reclassification, recapitalization, stock split (including a stock split in the form of a stock dividend) or reverse stock split; any merger, combination, consolidation, conversion or other reorganization; any spin-off, split-up, or similar extraordinary dividend distribution in respect of the Common Shares; or any exchange of Common Shares or other securities of the Corporation, or any similar, unusual or extraordinary corporate transaction in respect of the Common Shares; then the Administrator shall equitably and proportionately adjust (1) the number and type of Common Shares (or other securities) that thereafter may be made the subject of awards (including the specific share limits, maximums and numbers of shares set forth elsewhere in this Plan), (2) the number, amount and type of Common Shares (or other securities or property) subject to any outstanding awards, (3) the grant, purchase, or exercise price (which term includes the base price of any SAR or similar right) of any outstanding awards, and/or (4) the securities, cash or other property deliverable upon exercise or payment of any outstanding awards, in each case to the extent necessary to preserve (but not increase) the level of incentives intended by this Plan and the then-outstanding awards. 
              (b) 
    Unless otherwise expressly provided in the applicable award agreement, upon (or, as may be necessary to effect the adjustment, immediately prior to) any event or transaction described in the preceding paragraph or a sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Corporation as an entirety, the Administrator shall equitably and proportionately adjust the performance standards and/or period applicable to any then-outstanding performance-based awards to the extent necessary to preserve (but not increase) the level of incentives intended by this Plan and the then-outstanding performance-based awards. 
              (c) 
    It is intended that, if possible, any adjustments contemplated by the preceding two paragraphs be made in a manner that satisfies applicable U.S. legal, tax (including, without limitation and as applicable in the circumstances, Section 424 of the Code as to ISOs, Section 409A of the Code as to awards intended to comply therewith and not be subject to taxation thereunder, and Section 162(m) of the Code as to any Qualifying Option or SAR and any Qualified Performance-Based Award) and accounting (so as to not trigger any unintended charge to earnings with respect to such adjustment) requirements. 
              (d) 
    Without limiting the generality of Section 3.4, any good faith determination by the Administrator as to whether an adjustment is required in the circumstances pursuant to this Section 7.1, and the extent and nature of any such adjustment, shall be conclusive and binding on all persons. 
     7.2              Corporate Transactions - Assumption and Termination of Awards  .   
  
   16 

(a) 
    Upon any event in which the Corporation does not survive, or does not survive as a public company in respect of its Common Shares (including, without limitation, a dissolution, merger, combination, consolidation, conversion, exchange of securities, or other reorganization, or a sale of all or substantially all of the business, stock or assets of the Corporation, in any case in connection with which the Corporation does not survive or does not survive as a public company in respect of its Common Shares), then the Administrator may make provision for a cash payment in settlement of, or for the termination, assumption, substitution or exchange of any or all outstanding awards or the cash, securities or property deliverable to the holder of any or all outstanding awards, based upon, to the extent relevant under the circumstances, the distribution or consideration payable to holders of the Common Shares upon or in respect of such event.  Upon the occurrence of any event described in the preceding sentence in connection with which the Administrator has made provision for the award to be terminated (and the Administrator has not made a provision for the substitution, assumption, exchange or other continuation or settlement of the award): (1) unless otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement, each then-outstanding option and SAR shall become fully vested,     all shares of restricted stock then outstanding shall fully vest free of restrictions, and each other award granted under this Plan that is then outstanding shall become payable to the holder of such award (with any performance goals applicable to the award in each case being deemed met, unless otherwise provided in the award agreement, at the  target  performance level); and (2) each award shall terminate upon the related event; provided that the holder of an option or SAR shall be given reasonable advance notice of the impending termination and a reasonable opportunity to exercise his or her outstanding vested options and SARs (after giving effect to any accelerated vesting required in the circumstances) in accordance with their terms before the termination of such awards (except that in no case shall more than ten days  notice of the impending termination be required and any acceleration of vesting and any exercise of any portion of an award that is so accelerated may be made contingent upon the actual occurrence of the event). 
              (b) 
    Without limiting the preceding paragraph, in connection with any event referred to in the preceding paragraph or any change in control event defined in any applicable award agreement, the Administrator may, in its discretion, provide for the accelerated vesting of any award or awards as and to the extent determined by the Administrator in the circumstances. 
              (c) 
    For purposes of this Section 7.2, an award shall be deemed to have been  assumed  if (without limiting other circumstances in which an award is assumed) the award continues after an event referred to above in this Section 7.2, and/or is assumed and continued by the surviving entity following such event (including, without limitation, an entity that, as a result of such event, owns the Corporation or all or substantially all of the Corporation s assets directly or through one or more subsidiaries (a    Parent   )), and confers the right to purchase or receive, as applicable and subject to vesting and the other terms and conditions of the award, for each Common Share subject to the award immediately prior to the event, the consideration (whether cash, shares, or other securities or property)  
     
   17 

received in the event by the stockholders of the Corporation for each Common Share sold or exchanged in such event (or the consideration received by a majority of the stockholders participating in such event if the stockholders were offered a choice of consideration); provided, however, that if the consideration offered for a Common Share in the event is not solely the ordinary common stock of a successor corporation or a Parent, the Administrator may provide for the consideration to be received upon exercise or payment of the award, for each share subject to the award, to be solely ordinary common stock of the successor corporation or a Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by the stockholders participating in the event. 
           (d) 
    The Administrator may adopt such valuation methodologies for outstanding awards as it deems reasonable in the event of a cash or property settlement and, in the case of options, SARs or similar rights, but without limitation on other methodologies, may base such settlement solely upon the excess if any of the per share amount payable upon or in respect of such event over the exercise or base price of the award.  In the case of an option, SAR or similar right as to which the per share amount payable upon or in respect of such event is less than or equal to the exercise or base price of the award, the Administrator may terminate such award in connection with an event referred to in this Section 7.2 without any payment in respect of such award. 
              (e) 
    In any of the events referred to in this Section 7.2, the Administrator may take such action contemplated by this Section 7.2 prior to such event (as opposed to on the occurrence of such event) to the extent that the Administrator deems the action necessary to permit the participant to realize the benefits intended to be conveyed with respect to the underlying shares.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator may deem an acceleration and/or termination to occur immediately prior to the applicable event and, in such circumstances, will reinstate the original terms of the award if an event giving rise to an acceleration and/or termination does not occur.  
              (f) 
    Without limiting the generality of Section 3.4, any good faith determination by the Administrator pursuant to its authority under this Section 7.2 shall be conclusive and binding on all persons.  
              (g) 
    The Administrator may override the provisions of this Section 7.2 by express provision in the award agreement and may accord any Eligible Person a right to refuse any acceleration, whether pursuant to the award agreement or otherwise, in such circumstances as the Administrator may approve.  The portion of any ISO accelerated in connection with an event referred to in this Section 7.2 (or such other circumstances as may trigger accelerated vesting of the award) shall remain exercisable as an ISO only to the extent the applicable $100,000 limitation on ISOs is not exceeded.  To the extent exceeded, the accelerated portion of the option shall be exercisable as a nonqualified stock option under the Code. 
              7.3 
    Definition of Change in Control.    With respect to a particular award granted under this Plan, a    Change in Control    shall be deemed to have occurred as of  
     
   18 

the first day, after the date of grant of the particular award, that any one or more of the following conditions shall have been satisfied: 
           (a) 
        The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act (a    Person   )) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 30% or more of either (1) the then-outstanding Common Shares of the Corporation (the    Outstanding Company Common Shares   ) or (2) the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the    Outstanding Company Voting Securities    provided, however, that, for purposes of this definition, the following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control Event; (A) any acquisition directly from the Corporation, (B) any acquisition by the Corporation, (C) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Corporation or any affiliate of the Corporation or a successor, or (D) any acquisition by any entity pursuant to a transaction that complies with Sections (c)(1), (2) and (3) below; 
              (b) 
        Individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board (the    Incumbent Board   ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Corporation s shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board (including for these purposes, the new members whose election or nomination was so approved, without counting the member and his predecessor twice) shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; 
              (c) 
        Consummation of a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar corporate transaction involving the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries, a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity by the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a    Business Combination   ), in each case unless, following such Business Combination, (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities that were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Common Shares and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation,  
     
   19 

a Parent, as defined above) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Common Shares and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (2) no Person (excluding any entity resulting from such Business Combination or a Parent or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Corporation or such entity resulting from such Business Combination or Parent) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 30% or more of, respectively, the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of such entity, except to the extent that the ownership in excess of 30% existed prior to the Business Combination, and (3) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors or trustees of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or a Parent were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or of the action of the Board providing for such Business Combination; or 
           (d) 
        Approval by the shareholders of the Corporation of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Corporation other than in the context of a transaction that does not constitute a Change in Control Event under clause (c) above. 
     8.        OTHER PROVISIONS 
           8.1 
    Compliance with Laws  .  This Plan, the granting and vesting of awards under this Plan, the offer, issuance and delivery of Common Shares, and/or the payment of money under this Plan or under awards are subject to compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations (including but not limited to state and federal securities law and federal margin requirements) and to such approvals by any listing, regulatory or governmental authority as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Corporation, be necessary or advisable in connection therewith.  The person acquiring any securities under this Plan will, if requested by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, provide such assurances and representations to the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries as the Administrator may deem necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal and accounting requirements. 
              8.2 
    No Rights to Award  .  No person shall have any claim or rights to be granted an award (or additional awards, as the case may be) under this Plan, subject to any express contractual rights (set forth in a document other than this Plan) to the contrary. 
              8.3 
    No Employment/Service Contract  .  Nothing contained in this Plan (or in any other documents under this Plan or in any award) shall confer upon any Eligible Person or other participant any right to continue in the employ or other service of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, constitute any contract or agreement of employment or other service or affect an employee s status as an employee at will, nor shall interfere in any way with the right of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries to change a person s compensation or other benefits, or to terminate his or her employment or other service, with or without cause.  Nothing in this  
     
   20 

Section 8.3, however, is intended to adversely affect any express independent right of such person under a separate employment or service contract other than an award agreement. 
           8.4 
    Plan Not Funded  .  Awards payable under this Plan shall be payable in shares or from the general assets of the Corporation, and no special or separate reserve, fund or deposit shall be made to assure payment of such awards.  No participant, beneficiary or other person shall have any right, title or interest in any fund or in any specific asset (including Common Shares, except as expressly otherwise provided) of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries by reason of any award hereunder.  Neither the provisions of this Plan (or of any related documents), nor the creation or adoption of this Plan, nor any action taken pursuant to the provisions of this Plan shall create, or be construed to create, a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries and any participant, beneficiary or other person.  To the extent that a participant, beneficiary or other person acquires a right to receive payment pursuant to any award hereunder, such right shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Corporation. 
              8.5 
    Tax Withholding  .  Upon any exercise, vesting, or payment of any award, or upon the disposition of Common Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an ISO prior to satisfaction of the holding period requirements of Section 422 of the Code, or upon any other tax withholding event with respect to any award, arrangements satisfactory to the Corporation shall be made to provide for any taxes the Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries may be required to withhold with respect to such award event or payment.  Such arrangements may include (but are not limited to) any one of (or a combination of) the following: 
              (a) 
    The Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries shall have the right to     require the participant (or the participant s personal representative or beneficiary, as the case may be) to pay or provide for payment of the amount of any taxes which the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries may be required to withhold with respect to such award event or payment. 
              (b) 
    The Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries shall have the right to deduct from any amount otherwise payable in cash (whether related to the award or otherwise) to the participant (or the participant s personal representative or beneficiary, as the case may be) the amount of any taxes which the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries may be required to withhold with respect to such award event or payment. 
              (c) 
    In any case where a tax is required to be withheld in connection with the delivery of Common Shares under this Plan, the Administrator may in its sole discretion (subject to Section 8.1) require or grant (either at the time of the award or thereafter) to the participant the right to elect, pursuant to such rules and subject to such conditions as the Administrator may establish, that the Corporation reduce the number of shares to be delivered by (or otherwise reacquire) the appropriate number of shares, valued in a consistent manner at their fair market value or at the sales price in  
     
   21 

accordance with authorized procedures for cashless exercises, necessary to satisfy the applicable withholding obligation on exercise, vesting or payment.  Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, in no event shall the shares withheld exceed the minimum whole number of shares required for tax withholding under applicable law to the extent the Corporation determines that withholding at any greater level would result in an award otherwise classified as an equity award under ASC Topic 718 (or any successor thereto) being classified as a liability award under ASC Topic 718 (or such successor).   
  8.6        Effective Date, Termination and Suspension, Amendments  . 
  8.6.1        Effective Date  .  This Plan is effective as of July 16, 2012, the date of its approval by the Board (the    Effective Date   ).  This Plan shall be submitted for and subject to shareholder approval no later than twelve months after the Effective Date.  Unless earlier terminated by the Board and subject to any extension that may be approved by shareholders, this Plan shall terminate at the close of business on the day before the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date.  After the termination of this Plan either upon such stated termination date or its earlier termination by the Board, no additional awards may be granted under this Plan, but previously granted awards (and the authority of the Administrator with respect thereto, including the authority to amend such awards) shall remain outstanding in accordance with their applicable terms and conditions and the terms and conditions of this Plan. 
  8.6.2        Board Authorization  .  The Board may, at any time, terminate or, from time to time, amend, modify or suspend this Plan, in whole or in part.  No awards may be granted during any period that the Board suspends this Plan. 
  8.6.3        Shareholder Approval  .  To the extent then required by applicable law or deemed necessary or advisable by the Board, any amendment to this Plan shall be subject to shareholder approval. 
  8.6.4        Amendments to Awards  .  Without limiting any other express authority of the Administrator under (but subject to) the express limits of this Plan, the Administrator by agreement or resolution may waive conditions of or limitations on awards to participants that the Administrator in the prior exercise of its discretion has imposed, without the consent of a participant, and (subject to the requirements of Sections 3.2 and 8.6.5) may make other changes to the terms and conditions of awards.  Any amendment or other action that would constitute a repricing of an award is subject to the no-repricing provision of Section 3.3. 
  8.6.5        Limitations on Amendments to Plan and Awards  .  No amendment, suspension or termination of this Plan or amendment of any outstanding award agreement shall, without written consent of the participant, affect in any manner materially adverse to the participant any rights or benefits of the participant or obligations of the Corporation under any award granted under this Plan prior to the effective date of such change.  Changes, settlements and other actions  
  
   22 

contemplated by Section 7 shall not be deemed to constitute changes or amendments for purposes of this Section 8.6. 
           8.7 
    Privileges of Share Ownership  .  Except as otherwise expressly authorized by the Administrator, a participant shall not be entitled to any privilege of share ownership as to any Common Shares not actually delivered to and held of record by the participant.  Except as expressly required by Section 7.1 or otherwise expressly provided by the Administrator, no adjustment will be made for dividends or other rights as a shareholder for which a record date is prior to such date of delivery. 
     8.8        Governing Law; Severability  . 
  8.8.1        Choice of Law  .  This Plan, the awards, all documents evidencing awards and all other related documents shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, except to the extent that the laws of British Columbia are applicable as the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Corporation, in each case notwithstanding any conflict of law provision of such jurisdiction to the contrary. 
  8.8.2        Severability  .  If a court of competent jurisdiction holds any provision invalid and unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Plan shall continue in effect. 
           8.9 
    Captions  .  Captions and headings are given to the sections and subsections of this Plan solely as a convenience to facilitate reference.  Such headings shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the construction or interpretation of this Plan or any provision thereof.       
              8.10 
    Stock-Based Awards in Substitution for Stock Options or Awards Granted by Other Corporation  .    Awards may be granted to Eligible Persons in substitution for or in connection with an assumption of employee stock options, SARs, restricted stock or other stock-based awards granted by other entities to persons who are or who will become Eligible Persons in respect of the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, in connection with a distribution, merger or other reorganization by or with the granting entity or an affiliated entity, or the acquisition by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, of all or a substantial part of the stock or assets of the employing entity.  The awards so granted need not comply with other specific terms of this Plan, provided the awards reflect adjustments giving effect to the assumption or substitution consistent with any conversion applicable to the Common Shares (or the securities otherwise applicable to the award) in the transaction and any change in the issuer of the security.  Any shares that are delivered and any awards that are granted by, or become obligations of, the Corporation, as a result of the assumption by the Corporation of, or in substitution for, outstanding awards previously granted by an acquired company (or previously granted by a predecessor employer (or direct or indirect parent thereof) in the case of persons that become employed by the Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries in connection with a business or asset  
     
   23 

acquisition or similar transaction) shall not be counted against the Share Limit or other limits on the number of shares available for issuance under this Plan. 
           8.11 
    Non-Exclusivity of Plan  .  Nothing in this Plan shall limit or be deemed to limit the authority of the Board or the Administrator to grant awards or authorize any other compensation, with or without reference to the Common Shares, under any other plan or authority. 
              8.12 
    No Corporate Action Restriction  .  The existence of this Plan, the award agreements and the awards granted hereunder shall not limit, affect, or restrict in any way the right or power of the Corporation or any Subsidiary (or any of their respective shareholders, boards of directors or committees thereof (or any subcommittees), as the case may be) to make or authorize: (a) any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the capital structure or business of the Corporation or any Subsidiary, (b) any merger, amalgamation, consolidation or change in the ownership of the Corporation or any Subsidiary, (c) any issue of bonds, debentures, capital, preferred or prior preference stock ahead of or affecting the capital stock (or the rights thereof) of the Corporation or any Subsidiary, (d) any dissolution or liquidation of the Corporation or any Subsidiary, (e) any sale or transfer of all or any part of the assets or business of the Corporation or any Subsidiary, (f) any other award, grant, or payment of incentives or other compensation under any other plan or authority (or any other action with respect to any benefit, incentive or compensation), or (g) any other corporate act or proceeding by the Corporation or any Subsidiary.  No participant, beneficiary or any other person shall have any claim under any award or award agreement against any member of the Board or the Administrator, or the Corporation or any employees, officers or agents of the Corporation or any Subsidiary, as a result of any such action. 
              8.13 
    Other Company Benefit and Compensation Programs  .  Payments and other benefits received by a participant under an award made pursuant to this Plan shall not be deemed a part of a participant s compensation for purposes of the determination of benefits under any other employee welfare or benefit plans or arrangements, if any, provided by the Corporation or any Subsidiary, except where the Administrator expressly otherwise provides or authorizes in writing.  Awards under this Plan may be made in addition to, in combination with, as alternatives to or in payment of grants, awards or commitments under any other plans, arrangements or authority of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries. 
              8.14 
    Clawback Policy  .  The awards granted under this Plan are subject to the terms of the Corporation s recoupment, clawback or similar policy as it may be in effect from time to time, as well as any similar provisions of applicable law, any of which could in certain circumstances require repayment or forfeiture of awards or any Common Shares or other cash or property received with respect to the awards (including any value received from a disposition of the shares acquired upon payment of the awards). 

24 

</EX-10.127>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311q2f2017.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 - CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Jon Feltheimer certify that: 
  1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.; 
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
  (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
               /s/ J  ON   F  ELTHEIMER 
      Jon Feltheimer 
      Chief Executive Officer 

Date:   November 8, 2016    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312q2f2017.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 - CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, James W. Barge certify that: 
  1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.; 
  2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
  (a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
               /s/ J  AMES   W  .   B  ARGE 
      James W. Barge 
      Chief Financial Officer 

Date:   November 8, 2016    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321q2f2017.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 - CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  WRITTEN STATEMENT 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  The undersigned officers of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. (the  Company ), pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certify that, to their knowledge: 
            (ii) 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for the periods presented in this report. 

/s/ J  ON   F  ELTHEIMER 

Jon Feltheimer 

Chief Executive Officer 
      Date: 
    November 8, 2016 

/s/ J  AMES   W. B  ARGE 

James W. Barge 

Chief Financial Officer 
      Date: 
    November 8, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 lgf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lgf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 lgf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lgf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lgf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lgf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

