<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161228_10-Q_edgar_data_1673731_0001062993-16-012851_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>96678</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>29172</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>2525</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>47224</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>6</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012851.hdr.sgml : 20161228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161227214327
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012851
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Atlan Media, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001673731
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55694
		FILM NUMBER:		162071323

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 19
		STREET 2:		1 O'CONNELL STREET, NSW
		CITY:			SYDNEY
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			2000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		61285203912

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LEVEL 19
		STREET 2:		1 O'CONNELL STREET, NSW
		CITY:			SYDNEY
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			2000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012851.txt : 20161228

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Atlan Media Inc. - Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   Washington, D.C.
20549 
   FORM 10-Q   
  ( Mark One) 
 [X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended   30 SEPTEMBER
2016   
 or 
 [   ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________________
to___________________ 
 Commission File Number:   333-211184   
    ATLAN MEDIA INC    (Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter) 

NEVADA    
   ____________________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
      organization)  
     (I.R.S. Employer Identification
      No.)  

LEVEL 19, 1 O'CONNELL STREET, NSW, SYDNEY 2000
      AUSTRALIA    
   ____________________________ 

(Address of principal executive offices)  
   (Zip Code)  
    
   +61285203912   (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code) 
   NOT APPLICABLE   (Former name, former address
and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  [X]
Yes       [   ] No  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). [   ] Yes        [X] No
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large accelerated filer [   ] 
        
     Accelerated
      filer                   [  
      ]  
   
     Non-accelerated filer   [   ] 
     (Do not check if a smaller
      reporting company)  
     Smaller reporting company
[X]   

SEC1296(01-12) 
      Potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form
displays a currently valid OMB control number.  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [   ]
Yes        [X] No  
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN
BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all
documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15 (d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities
under a plan confirmed by a court. [   ]
Yes        [X] No  
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:  
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the
issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 2 

PART I  
      FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial
      Statements  

Item 2.
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
      Operations  

Item 3.
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

Item 4. Controls
      and Procedures  

PART II   OTHER
      INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal
      Proceedings  

Item 2.
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

Item 3. Defaults
      Upon Senior Securities  

Item 4. Mine
      Safety Disclosures  

Item 5. Exhibits  

Exhibit Index  

Exhibits 31.1:
      Financial Statements  

3 

PART 1 - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
  Item 1. Financial Statements  
 Exhibit attached. 
 SEE EXHIBIT 1  ATLAN MEDIA INC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30 2016  
   
  ATLAN MEDIA INC.   
     Balance Sheet   

F-1 

ATLAN MEDIA INC.  
     Statement of Operations   

ATLAN MEDIA INC.   
     Statement of Stockholder's Equity   

F-2 

ATLAN MEDIA INC.   
     Statement of Cash Flows   

F-3 

ATLAN MEDIA INC.   
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
   September 30. 2016   
 
   NOTE 1. GENERAL ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS   
 ATLAN MEDIA Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated under the
  laws of the state of Nevada on April 1, 2016. The Company has not yet realized
  any revenues from its planned operations.  
 Atlan Media is a high-end Digital Advertising Network for
  selected Website Publishers   Ad Buyers specializing in web-based Cost Per
  Click and Cost Per Display advertising.  
   NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
  PRACTICES   
   Basis of Accounting    
 The Company s financial statements are prepared using the
  accrual method of accounting. The Company has elected a December 31 fiscal year
  end.  
   Use of Estimates    
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
  accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
  requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
  amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
  liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
  revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
  from those estimates.  
   Cash and Cash Equivalents    
 The Company considers all highly liquid investments with
  maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.  
   Deferred Offering Costs    
 The Company defers as other assets the direct incremental costs
  of raising capital until such time as the offering is completed. At the time of
  the completion of the offering, the costs are charged against the capital
  raised. Should the offering be terminated, deferred offering costs are charged
  to operations during the period in which the offering is terminated.  
   Fixed Assets    
 Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated
  depreciation. Depreciation is calculated by the straight-line method over the
  estimated useful lives of the assets. at the following annual rates:  
 Computer equipment 33%  
   Fair Value of Financial Instruments    
 The Company applies fair value accounting for all financial
  assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are
  recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring
  basis. The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received from
  selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
  between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair
  value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded
  at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market
  in which the Company would transact and the market-based risk measurements or
  assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or
  liability, such as risks inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions
  and credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy,
  which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and
  bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input
  that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:  
   Level 1     Quoted prices in active markets for
  identical assets or liabilities.  
   Level 2     Observable inputs other than quoted
  prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for
  identical or     similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or
  other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
  data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.  
 F-4 

Level 3     Inputs that are generally unobservable
  and typically reflect management s estimate of assumptions that market
  participants     would use in pricing the asset or liability.  
 In accordance with the fair value accounting requirements,
  companies may choose to measure eligible financial instruments and certain other
  items at fair value. The Company has not elected the fair value option for any
  eligible financial instruments.  
 As of September 30, 2016 the carrying value of loans that are
  required to be measured at fair value, approximated fair value due to the short-
  term nature and maturity of these instruments.  
   Income Taxes    
 A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary
  differences between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carry
  forwards. Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the
  year of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are reduced by
  a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than
  not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in
  tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.  
 When required, the Company records a liability for unrecognized
  tax positions, defined as the aggregate tax effect of differences between
  positions taken on tax returns and the benefits recognized in the financial
  statements. Tax positions are measured at the largest amount of benefit that is
  greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. No
  tax benefits are recognized for positions that do not meet this threshold. The
  Company has no uncertain tax positions that require the Company to record a
  liability.  
 The Company recognizes penalties and interest associated with
  tax matters as part of the income tax provision and includes accrued interest
  and penalties with the related tax liability in the balance sheet. The Company
  had no accrued penalties and interest as of September 30, 2016.  
   Share-based Payments to Non-employees    
 The Company accounts for share-based payments to non-employees
  issued in exchange for services based upon the fair value of the equity
  instruments issued,in conformity with authoritative guidance issued by the FASB.  
   Loss per Share    
 The basic loss per share is calculated by dividing our net loss
  by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. The
  diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing our net loss by the
  diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The
  diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted
  number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. The
  Company has not issued any potentially dilutive debt or equity securities.  
   Recently issued accounting pronouncements    
 The Company does not believe that there are any new accounting
  pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its
  financial position or results of operations.  
   NOTE 3. INCOME TAXES   
 The Company uses the liability method , where deferred tax
  assets and liabilities are determined based on the expected future tax
  consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
  liabilities for financial and income tax reporting purposes. As of September 30,
  2016, the Company has incurred net losses and, therefore, has no tax liability.
  The net deferred tax asset generated by the loss carry-forward has been fully
  reserved. As of September 30, 2016 the cumulative net operating loss
  carry-forward is approximately $165,246 and will expire 20 years from the year
  the loss was incurred.  
   NOTE 4. STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   
   Authorized    
 The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of $0.001
  par value common stock. All common shares have equal voting rights, are
  non-assessable and have one vote per share. Voting rights are not cumulative
  and, therefore, the holders of more than 50% of the common stock could, if they
  choose to do so, elect all of the directors of the Company.  
   Issued and Outstanding    
 On April 9, 2016, the Company issued 90,250,000 common shares
  to officers and directors for cash consideration of $0.018 per share. The
  proceeds of $1,633,484 were received on April 9, 2016.  
 F-5 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
  Our cash balance was  1,632,109 as of September 30, 2016 and  1,634,637 as of June 30, 2016. We believe our cash balance is sufficient to fund our anticipated levels of operations for at least one year. We have been utilizing funds received
  from our Officers and Directors in the form of loans and the purchase of shares. Being a development stage company, we have very limited operating history. After twelve months period we may need additional financing, for which we currently don't
  have any arrangements. We do not currently have an office in the United States but our address for service of process in Nevada is 1805 N. Carson Street, Suite X Carson City, NV 89701.  
  Our principal executive office is located at Level 19, 1 O Connell Street, NSW, Sydney, 2000, Australia.  
  We generated revenues of  0 up to September 30, 2016 and  119,250 in revenue from the launch of our product to paying clients on May 6, 2016 up to September 30, 2016.  
  We are an "emerging growth company" as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies" including, but
  not limited to: not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act; reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; exemptions from
  the requirements of holding an annual nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and nonbinding stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.  
  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an "emerging growth company" can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting
  standards. In other words, an "emerging growth company" can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have taken advantage of the extended transition period provided by
  Section 107 of the JOBS Act and that the election is irrevocable.  
 4  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
  Risk is an inherent part of the Company s business and activities. The extent to which the Company properly and effectively identifies, assesses, monitors and manages each of the various types of risk involved in its activities is critical to
  its soundness and profitability. The Company s broad-based portfolio of business activities helps reduce the impact that volatility in any particular area or related areas may have on its net revenues as a whole.  
  The Company seeks to identify, assess, monitor and manage, in accordance with defined policies and procedures, the following principal risks involved in the Company s business activities: market risk, credit risk, operational risk, legal risk
  and funding risk.  
  Risk management at the Company is a multi-faceted process with independent oversight that requires constant communication, judgment and knowledge of specialized products and markets. The Company s senior management takes an active role in the
  risk management process and has developed policies and procedures that require specific administrative and business functions to assist in the identification, assessment and control of various risks. In recognition of the increasingly varied and complex nature of the global financial services business, the Company s risk management policies, procedures and methodologies are evolutionary in nature and are subject to ongoing review and modification.  
   Item 4. Controls and Procedures.   
  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as required by Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(b) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective.  
 5 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION  
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  
 As of September 30 2016, Atlan Media Inc is not involved in or
be a party to any legal proceedings.  
  Item 1A. Risk Factors.  
 Zero material changes to risk factors relating to our business,
market, or activities.  
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds.  
 None applicable for the period ending September 30 2016.  
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  
 As of September 30 2016 there have been no defaults upon senior
securities. 
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  
 Not Applicable. 
 6 

Item 5. Other Information.  
       
     (a) The registrant must disclose under this item
any information required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the
period covered by this Form 10-Q, but not reported, whether or not otherwise
required by this Form 10-Q. If disclosure of such information is made under this
item, it need not be repeated in a report on Form 8-K which would otherwise be
required to be filed with respect to such information or in a subsequent report
on Form 10-Q; and  
            
(b) Furnish the information required by Item 407(c)(3) of Regulation S-K
( 229.407 of this chapter). 
  Item 6. Exhibits.  

Exhibit  

Number  
     Description  

31.1   
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer filed
      pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

31.2   
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer filed
      pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.1   
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer furnished
      pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
      the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

32.2   
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer furnished
      pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
      the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

101*  
     The following financial information from Atlan Media Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
      the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible
    Business Reporting Language): (i) Balance Sheets, (ii) Statement of Operations, (iii) Statement of Stockholder's Equity, (iv) Statement of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Financial Statements.

*To be furnished by Form 10-Q/A. 
  SIGNATURES*  
         
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
   
 ** Print name and title of the signing officer under his
signature. 
 7 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Atlan Media Inc.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 31.1   
  CERTIFICATIONS   
 I, William Atlan, certify that:  
           1) I have reviewed this report on
Form 10-Q of Atlan Media, Inc.  
           2) Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  
           3) Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  
           4) I am responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:  
                     a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;  
                     b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;  
                     c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and  
                     d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
           5) I have disclosed, based on my
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);  
                     a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and  
                     b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.  

Date: December 27, 2016  
     /s/
      William Atlan   

William Atlan   

Chief Executive Officer and Director

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Atlan Media Inc. : Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 31.2   
  CERTIFICATIONS   
 I, Christopher MacDonald, certify that:  
           1) I have reviewed this report on
Form 10-Q of Atlan Media Inc, Inc.  
           2) Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state
a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  
           3) Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;  
           4) I am responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:  
                     a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;  
                     b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;  
                     c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and  
                     d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
           5) I have disclosed, based on my
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions);  
                     a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and  
                     b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting.  

Date: December 27, 2016  
     /s/
      Christopher MacDonald   

Christopher MacDonald   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Atlan Media Inc.: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.1   
  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER    ATLAN
MEDIA, INC.    FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED    PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
           I am the Chief Executive Officer
of Atlan Media, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ). I am delivering this
certificate in connection with the Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
( Form 10-Q ).  
           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I
hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Form 10-Q fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.  

Date: December 27, 2016  
     /s/
      William Atlan   

William Atlan   

Chief Executive Officer and Director   

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Atlan Media Inc. : Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.2   
  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER    ATLAN
MEDIA, INC.    FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED    PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
           I am the Chief Financial Officer
of Atlan Media, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the  Company ). I am delivering this
certificate in connection with the Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarter
ended September 30, 2016 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
( Form 10-Q ).  
           Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I
hereby certify that, to the best of my knowledge, the Form 10-Q fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.  

Date: December 27, 2016  
     /s/
      Christopher MacDonald   

Christopher MacDonald   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-32.2>

