<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161123_10-K_edgar_data_16040_0001564590-16-029604_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29618670</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>362497</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>803288</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7051468</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11240835</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6731049</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>88</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-029604.hdr.sgml : 20161123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161123131145
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-029604
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		142
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CABOT CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000016040
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS CHEMICAL PRODUCTS [2890]
		IRS NUMBER:				042271897
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0939

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05667
		FILM NUMBER:		162015835

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO SEAPORT LANE SUITE 1300
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6173450100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO SEAPORT LANE SUITE 1300
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CABOT GODFREY L INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19680418

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-029604.txt : 20161123

10-K
 1
 cbt-10k_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-K

cbt-10k_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 10-K 

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 
 or 

For the transition period from                      to                     
 Commission file number 1-5667 
 Cabot Corporation 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  
 
 04-2271897  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

Two Seaport Lane, Suite 1300  

Boston, Massachusetts  
 
 02210  

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
 
 (Zip Code)  

(617) 345-0100 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class  

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered  

Common stock, $1.00 par value per share  

New York Stock Exchange  

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes            No        
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.          
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
 
       (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 As of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (March 31, 2016), the aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates was $2,989,125,149. As of November 18, 2016, there were 62,332,802 shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the Registrant s definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this annual report on Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I    

ITEM 1.  
 
   Business    
 
 3  

ITEM 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors    
 
 10  

ITEM 1B.  
 
   Unresolved Staff Comments    
 
 15  

ITEM 2.  
 
   Properties    
 
 15  

ITEM 3.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    
 
 17  

ITEM 4.  
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures    
 
 18  

PART II    

ITEM 5.  
 
   Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    
 
 20  

ITEM 6.  
 
   Selected Financial Data    
 
 20  

ITEM 7.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 24  

ITEM 7A.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
 
 42  

ITEM 8.  
 
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    
 
 43  

ITEM 9.  
 
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure    
 
 94  

ITEM 9A.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    
 
 94  

ITEM 9B.  
 
   Other Information    
 
 94  

PART III    

ITEM 10.  
 
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance    
 
 95  

ITEM 11.  
 
   Executive Compensation    
 
 95  

ITEM 12.  
 
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    
 
 95  

ITEM 13 .   
 
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    
 
 95  

ITEM 14.  
 
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services    
 
 95  

PART IV    

ITEM 15.  
 
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules    
 
 96  

Signatures      
 
 99  

Exhibit Index      
 
 100  

2 
 
    Information Relating to Forward-Looking Statements  
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains  forward-looking statements  under the Federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements include statements relating to our expectations regarding our future business performance and overall prospects; demand for our products; when we expect construction of the fumed silica plant in Wuhai, China by our new joint venture to be completed and when we expect to open our new Asia Technology Center in Shanghai, China; the sufficiency of our cash on hand, cash provided from operations and cash available under our credit and commercial paper facilities to fund our cash requirements; anticipated capital spending, including environmental-related capital expenditures; cash requirements and uses of available cash, including future cash outlays associated with long-term contractual obligations, restructurings, contributions to employee benefit plans, environmental remediation costs and future respirator liabilities; exposure to interest rate and foreign exchange risk; future benefit plan payments we expect to make; future amortization expenses; our expected tax rate for fiscal 2017; our ability to recover deferred tax assets; and the possible outcome of legal and environmental proceedings. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public and in oral statements made by authorized officers. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about Cabot s businesses and strategies, market trends and conditions, economic conditions and other factors. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, potentially inaccurate assumptions, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict. If known or unknown risks materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, our actual results could differ materially from past results and from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements are described in Item 1A in this report. 
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Investors are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our 10-Q and 8-K reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). 

PART I 

Item 1.   
 
      Business      

 General  
 Cabot is a global specialty chemicals and performance materials company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts. Our principal products are rubber and specialty grade carbon blacks, specialty compounds, fumed metal oxides, activated carbons, inkjet colorants, aerogel, and cesium formate drilling fluids. Cabot and its affiliates have manufacturing facilities and operations in the United States and over 20 other countries. Cabot s business was founded in 1882 and incorporated in the State of Delaware in 1960. The terms  Cabot ,  Company ,  we , and  our  as used in this report refer to Cabot Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries.  
 Our vision is to be the most innovative, respected and responsible leader in our markets   delivering performance that makes a difference. Our strategy is to extend our leadership in performance materials by investing for growth in our core businesses, driving application innovation with our customers, and generating strong cash flows through efficiency and optimization. Our products are generally based on technical expertise and innovation in one or more of our four core competencies: making and handling very fine particles; modifying the surfaces of very fine particles to alter their functionality; designing particles to impart specific properties to a formulation; and combining particles with other ingredients to deliver a formulated performance intermediate or composite. We focus on creating particles with the composition, morphology, and surface functionalities, and creating formulations of those particles, to deliver the requisite performance to support our customers  existing and emerging applications.  
 Our four business segments are: Reinforcement Materials; Performance Chemicals; Purification Solutions; and Specialty Fluids. The business segments are discussed in more detail later in this section. Financial information about our business segments appears in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 below ( MD A ) and in Note U of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 below ( Note U ).  
 Our internet address is www.cabotcorp.com. We make available free of charge on or through our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with, or furnishing it to, the SEC. Information appearing on our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated in, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 3 
 
    Reinforcement Materials   
 Products  
 Carbon black is a form of elemental carbon that is manufactured in a highly controlled process to produce particles and aggregates of varied structure and surface chemistry, resulting in many different performance characteristics for a wide variety of applications. Rubber grade carbon blacks are used to enhance the physical properties of the systems and applications in which they are incorporated.  
 Our rubber blacks products are used in tires and industrial products. Rubber blacks have traditionally been used in the tire industry as a rubber reinforcing agent to increase tread durability and are also used as a performance additive to reduce rolling resistance and improve traction. In industrial products such as hoses, belts, extruded profiles and molded goods, rubber blacks are used to improve the physical performance of the product, including the product s physical strength, fluid resistance, conductivity and resistivity.  
 In addition to our rubber blacks products, we manufacture compounds of carbon black and rubber using our patented elastomer composites manufacturing process. These compounds improve abrasion/wear resistance, reduce fatigue and reduce rolling resistance compared to carbon black/rubber compounds made by conventional dry mix methods. 
 Sales and Customers  
 Sales of rubber blacks products are made by Cabot employees and through distributors and sales representatives. Sales to three major tire customers represent a material portion of Reinforcement Materials  total net sales and operating revenues. The loss of any of these customers, or a significant reduction in volumes sold to them, could have a material adverse effect on the Segment.  
 Under appropriate circumstances, we have entered into supply contracts with certain customers, the typical duration of which is one year. Many of these contracts provide for sales price adjustments to account for changes in relevant feedstock indices and, in some cases, changes in other relevant costs (such as the cost of natural gas). In fiscal 2016, approximately half of our rubber blacks volume was sold under these supply agreements. The majority of the volumes sold under these agreements are sold to customers in North America and Europe.  
 We have licensed our patented elastomer composites manufacturing process to Manufacture Francaise des Pneumatiques Michelin for their exclusive use in tire applications through fiscal 2017. As consideration, we receive quarterly royalty payments extending through calendar year 2022.  
 Much of the rubber blacks we sell is used in tires and automotive products and, therefore, our financial results may be affected by the cyclical nature of the automotive industry. However, a large portion of the market for our products is in replacement tires that historically have been less subject to automotive industry cycles.  
 Competition  
 We are one of the leading manufacturers of carbon black in the world. We compete in the manufacture of carbon black primarily with two companies with a global presence and numerous other companies that operate regionally, some of which export product outside their region. Competition for products within Reinforcement Materials is based on product performance, quality, reliability, price, service, technical innovation, and logistics. We believe our product differentiation, technological leadership, global manufacturing presence, operations and logistics excellence and customer service provide us with a competitive advantage.  
 Raw Materials  
 The principal raw material used in the manufacture of carbon black is a portion of the residual heavy oils derived from petroleum refining operations, the distillation of coal tars, and the production of ethylene throughout the world. Natural gas is also used in the production of carbon black. Raw materials are, in general, readily available and in adequate supply. Raw material costs generally are influenced by the availability of various types of carbon black feedstock and natural gas, supply and demand of such raw materials, and related transportation costs. Importantly, movements in the market price for crude oil typically affect carbon black feedstock costs.  
 Operations 
 We own, or have a controlling interest in, and operate plants that produce rubber blacks in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, China, Colombia, the Czech Republic, France, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Mexico, The Netherlands and the United States. Our equity affiliate operates a carbon black plant in Venezuela. 
 4 
 
    The following table shows our ownership interest as of Septemb  er 30, 201  6   in rubber blacks operations in which we own less than 100%:   

Location  

Percentage Interest  

Shanghai, China  

70% (consolidated subsidiary)  

Tianjin, China  

70% (consolidated subsidiary)  

Xingtai City, China  

60% (consolidated subsidiary)  

Valasske Mezirici (Valmez), Czech Republic  

52% (consolidated subsidiary)  

Cilegon, Indonesia   

97% (consolidated subsidiary)  

Valencia, Venezuela  

49% (equity affiliate)  

Performance Chemicals  
 Performance Chemicals is composed of two businesses: (i) our Specialty Carbons and Formulations business, which manufactures and sells specialty grades of carbon black, specialty compounds and inkjet colorants, and (ii) our Metal Oxides business, which manufactures and sells fumed silica, fumed alumina and dispersions thereof and aerogel. In Performance Chemicals, we design, manufacture and sell materials that deliver performance in a broad range of customer applications across the automotive, construction and infrastructure, energy, inkjet printing, electronics, and consumer products sectors.  
 Products  
 Specialty Carbons and Formulations Business 
 Carbon black is a form of elemental carbon that is manufactured in a highly controlled process to produce particles and aggregates of varied structure and surface chemistry, resulting in many different performance characteristics for a wide variety of applications. 
 Our specialty grades of carbon black are used to impart color, provide rheology control, enhance conductivity and static charge control, provide UV protection, enhance mechanical properties, and provide formulation flexibility through surface treatment. These specialty carbon products are used in a wide variety of applications, such as inks, coatings, plastics, adhesives, toners, batteries, and displays.  
 Our masterbatch and conductive compound products, which we refer to as  specialty compounds , are formulations derived from specialty grades of carbon black mixed with polymers and other additives. These products are generally used by plastic resin producers and converters in applications for the automotive, industrial, packaging, consumer products, and electronics industries. As an alternative to directly mixing specialty carbon blacks, these formulations offer greater ease of handling and help customers achieve their desired levels of dispersion and color and manage the addition of small doses of additives. In addition, our electrically conductive compound products generally are used to reduce risks associated with electrostatic discharge in plastics applications. 
 Our inkjet colorants are high-quality pigment-based black and color dispersions based on our patented carbon black surface modification technology. The dispersions are used in aqueous inkjet inks to impart color, sharp print characteristics and durability, while maintaining high printhead reliability. These products are used in various inkjet printing applications, including commercial printing, small office/home office and corporate office, and niche applications that require a high level of dispersibility and colloidal stability. Our inkjet inks, which utilize our pigment-based colorant dispersions, are used in the commercial printing segment for digital print.  
 Metal Oxides Business 
 Fumed silica is an ultra-fine, high-purity particle used as a reinforcing, thickening, abrasive, thixotropic, suspending or anti-caking agent in a wide variety of products for the automotive, construction, microelectronics, batteries, and consumer products industries. These products include adhesives, sealants, cosmetics, inks, toners, silicone rubber, coatings, polishing slurries and pharmaceuticals. Fumed alumina, also an ultra-fine, high-purity particle, is used as an abrasive, absorbent or barrier agent in a variety of products, such as inkjet media, lighting, coatings, cosmetics and polishing slurries.  
 Aerogel is a hydrophobic, silica-based particle with a high surface area that is used in a variety of thermal insulation and specialty chemical applications. In the building and construction industry, the product is used in insulative sprayable plasters and composite building products, as well as translucent skylight, window, wall and roof systems for insulating eco-daylighting applications. In the specialty chemicals industry, the product is used to provide matte finishing, insulating and thickening properties for use in a variety of applications.  
 5 
 
    Sales and Customers   
 Sales of these products are made by Cabot employees and through distributors and sales representatives. In our Specialty Carbons and Formulations business, sales are generally to a broad number of customers. In our Metal Oxides business, sales under long-term contracts with two customers have accounted for a substantial portion of the revenue.  
 Competition  
 We are a leading producer of the products we sell in this segment. We compete in the manufacture of carbon black primarily with two companies with a global presence and several other companies that have a regional presence, some of which export product outside their region. We compete with several companies that produce specialty compounds, primarily in Europe, the Middle East and Asia. Our inkjet colorants and inks are designed to replace traditional pigment dispersions and dyes used in inkjet printing applications. Competitive products for inkjet colorants are organic dyes and other dispersed pigments manufactured and marketed by large chemical companies and small independent producers. For fumed silica, we compete primarily with two companies with a global presence and several other companies which have a regional presence. For aerogel, we compete principally with one other company that produces aerogel products. We also compete with non-aerogel insulation products manufactured by regional companies throughout the world. 
 Competition for our products is based on product performance, quality, reliability, service, technical innovation and price. We believe our product differentiation, technological leadership, operations excellence and customer service provide us with a competitive advantage.  
 Raw Materials  
 Raw materials for our products are, in general, readily available and in adequate supply. The principal raw material used in the manufacture of carbon black is a portion of the residual heavy oils derived from petroleum refining operations, the distillation of coal tars, and the production of ethylene throughout the world. Natural gas is also used in the production of carbon black. These raw material costs generally are influenced by the availability of various types of carbon black feedstock and natural gas, supply and demand of such raw materials, and related transportation costs. Importantly, movements in the market price for crude oil typically affect carbon black feedstock costs. The primary raw materials used for our specialty compounds include carbon black sourced from our carbon black plants, thermoplastic resins and mineral fillers from various sources. Raw materials for inkjet colorants include carbon black sourced from our carbon black plants, organic pigments and other treating agents available from various sources. Raw materials for inkjet inks include pigment dispersions, solvents and other additives. 
 Raw materials for the production of fumed silica are various chlorosilane feedstocks. We purchase feedstocks and for some customers convert their feedstock to product on a fee-basis (so called  toll conversion ). We also purchase aluminum chloride as feedstock for the production of fumed alumina. We have long-term procurement contracts or arrangements in place for the purchase of fumed silica feedstock, which we believe will enable us to meet our raw material requirements for the foreseeable future. In addition, we buy some raw materials in the spot market to help ensure flexibility and minimize costs. The principal raw materials for the production of aerogel are silica sol and/or sodium silicate. 
 Operations  
 We own, or have a controlling interest in, and operate plants that produce specialty grades of carbon black primarily in China, The Netherlands and the United States. Our specialty compounds are produced in facilities that we own, or have a controlling interest in, located in Belgium, China and the United Arab Emirates. Our inkjet colorants and inks are manufactured at our facility in Haverhill, Massachusetts. We also own, or have a controlling interest in, manufacturing plants that produce fumed metal oxides in the United States, China, the United Kingdom, and Germany and a manufacturing plant that produces aerogel in Frankfurt, Germany. An equity affiliate operates a fumed metal oxides plant in Mettur Dam, India.  
 The following table shows our ownership interest as of September 30, 2016 in these segment operations in which we own less than 100%:  

Location  

Percentage Interest  

Tianjin, China (Specialty Carbons and Formulations business)  

90% (consolidated subsidiary)  

Jiangxi Province, China (Metal Oxides business)  

90% (consolidated subsidiary)  

Mettur Dam, India (Metal Oxides business)  

50% (equity affiliate)  

During fiscal 2016, we announced our entry into an agreement with Inner Mongolia Hengyecheng Silicone Co., Ltd ( HYC ) to build a fumed silica manufacturing facility in Wuhai, China in which we will hold an 80% share and HYC will hold the remaining 20% share. The facility will have an initial annual manufacturing capacity of approximately 8,000 metric tons. We expect construction of the plant to begin in early calendar year 2017 and to be completed in calendar year 2019.  
 6 
 
    Purification Solu  tions   
 Products  
 Activated carbon is a porous material consisting mainly of elemental carbon treated with heat, steam and/or chemicals to create high internal porosity, resulting in a large internal surface area that resembles a sponge. It is generally produced in two forms, powdered and granular, and is manufactured in different sizes, shapes and levels of purity and using a variety of raw materials for a wide variety of applications. Activated carbon is used to remove contaminants from liquids and gases using a process called adsorption, whereby the interconnected pores of activated carbon trap contaminants.  
 Our activated carbon products are used for the purification of water, air, food and beverages, pharmaceuticals and other liquids and gases, as either a colorant or a decolorizing agent in the production of products for food and beverage applications and as a chemical carrier in slow release applications. In gas and air applications, one of the uses of activated carbon is for the removal of mercury in flue gas streams. In certain applications, used activated carbon can be reactivated for further use by removing the contaminants from the pores of the activated carbon product. The most common applications for our reactivated carbon are water treatment and food and beverage purification. In addition to our activated carbon production and reactivation, we also provide activated carbon solutions through on-site equipment and services, including delivery systems for activated carbon injection in coal-fired utilities, mobile water filter units and carbon reactivation services.  
 Sales and Customers  
 Sales of activated carbon are made by Cabot employees and through distributors and sales representatives to a broad range of customers, including coal-fired utilities, food and beverage processors, water treatment plants, pharmaceutical companies and catalyst producers. Some of our sales of activated carbon are made under annual contracts or longer-term agreements, particularly in mercury removal applications.  
 Competition  
 We are one of the leading manufacturers of activated carbon in the world. We compete in the manufacture of activated carbon with a number of companies, some of whom have a global presence and others who have a regional or local presence, although not all of these companies manufacture activated carbon for the range of applications for which we sell our products.  
 Competition for activated carbon and activated carbon equipment and services is based on quality, price, performance, and supply-chain stability. We believe our product and application diversity, product differentiation, technological leadership, quality, cost-effective access to raw materials, and scalable manufacturing capabilities provide us with a competitive advantage.  
 Raw Materials  
 The principal raw materials we use in the manufacture of activated carbon are various forms of coal, including lignite, wood and other carbonaceous materials, which are, in general, readily available and we believe we have in adequate supply. We also own a lignite mine that is operated by Caddo Creek Resources Company, LLC, a subsidiary of the North American Coal Company, which supplies our Marshall, Texas facility.  
 Operations  
 We own, or have a controlling interest in, and operate plants that produce activated carbon in the United States, the United Kingdom, The Netherlands and Italy. Our affiliates operate activated carbon plants in Canada and Mexico. The following table shows our ownership interest as of September 30, 2016 in activated carbon operations in which we own less than 100%:  

Location  

Percentage Interest  

Estevan, Saskatchewan, Canada  

50% (contractual joint venture)  

Atitalaquia, Hidalgo, Mexico  

49% (equity affiliate)  

Specialty Fluids  
 Products  
 Our Specialty Fluids segment principally produces and markets cesium formate as a drilling and completion fluid for use primarily in high pressure and high temperature oil and gas well construction. Cesium formate products are solids-free, high-density fluids that have a low viscosity, enabling safe and efficient well construction and workover operations. The fluid is resistant to high temperatures, minimizes damage to producing reservoirs and is readily biodegradable in accordance with the testing guidelines set by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. In a majority of applications, cesium formate is blended with other formates or products. We also manufacture and sell fine cesium chemicals that are used in a wide range of applications, including catalysts and brazing fluxes.  
 7 
 
    Sales, Rental and Customers  
 Sales of our cesium formate products are made to oil and gas operating companies directly by Cabot employees and sales representatives and indirectly through oil field service companies. We generally rent cesium formate to our customers for use in drilling operations on a short-term basis and on occasion make direct sales of cesium formate outside of the rental process. After completion of a job under our rental process, the customer returns the remaining fluid to Cabot and it is reprocessed for use in subsequent well operations. Any fluid that is lost during use and not returned to Cabot is paid for by the customer. 
 A large portion of our fluids has been used for drilling and completion of wells in the North Sea with a limited number of customers, where we have supplied cesium formate-based fluids for both reservoir drilling and completion activities on large gas and condensate field projects in the Norwegian Continental Shelf. We continue to expand the use of our fluids to drilling operations outside of the North Sea, particularly in Asia and the Middle East. 
 Competition  
 Formate fluids compete mainly with traditional drilling fluid technologies. Competition in the well fluids business is based on product performance, quality, reliability, service, technical innovation, price, and proximity of inventory to customers  drilling operations. We believe our commercial strengths include our unique product offerings and their performance, and our customer service.  
 Raw Materials  
 The principal raw material used in this business is pollucite (cesium ore), of which we own a substantial portion of the world s known reserves. In November 2015, we completed a development project at our mine in Manitoba, Canada. We believe we have sufficient raw material to enable us to continue to supply cesium products for the foreseeable future, based on our anticipated consumption. We are not currently mining at the site and will assess options to access additional reserves in the mine, various technologies to augment our cesium supply and alternative sources of ore as demand for our cesium products warrants. 
 Most jobs for which cesium formate is used require a large volume of the product. Accordingly, the Specialty Fluids business maintains a large inventory of fluid.  
 Operations  
 Our mine and cesium formate manufacturing facility are located in Manitoba, Canada, and we have fluid blending and reclamation facilities in Aberdeen, Scotland and in Bergen, Norway. In addition, we warehouse fluid at various locations around the world to support existing and potential operations.  
 Patents and Trademarks  
 We own and are a licensee of various patents, which expire at different times, covering many of our products as well as processes and product uses. Although the products made and sold under these patents and licenses are important to Cabot, the loss of any particular patent or license would not materially affect our business, taken as a whole. We sell our products under a variety of trademarks we own and take reasonable measures to protect them. While our trademarks are important to Cabot, the loss of any one of our trademarks would not materially affect our business, taken as a whole.  
 Seasonality  
 Our businesses are generally not seasonal in nature, although we may experience some regional seasonal declines during holiday periods and some weather-related seasonality in Purification Solutions.  
 Backlog  
 We do not consider backlog to be a significant indicator of the level of future sales activity. In general, we do not manufacture our products against a backlog of orders. Production and inventory levels are based on the level of incoming orders as well as projections of future demand. Therefore, we believe that backlog information is not material to understanding our overall business and is not a reliable indicator of our ability to achieve any particular level of revenue or financial performance.  
 Employees  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately 4,300 employees. Some of our employees in the United States and abroad are covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements. We believe that our relations with our employees are generally satisfactory.  
 8 
 
    Research and Development   
 Cabot develops new and improved products and higher efficiency processes through Company-sponsored research and technical service activities, including those initiated in response to customer requests. In fiscal 2016, we announced our plan to open a new Asia Technology Center in Shanghai, China to support our applications development and customer collaboration efforts in the region. We expect to open the facility in late calendar year 2017. Our expenditures for research and technical service activities generally are spread among our businesses and are shown in the consolidated statements of operations. Further discussion of our research and technical expenses incurred in each of our last three fiscal years appears in MD A in Item 7 below.  
 Safety, Health and Environment ( SH E )  
 Cabot has been named as a potentially responsible party under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (the  Superfund law ) and comparable state statutes with respect to several sites primarily associated with our divested businesses. (See  Legal Proceedings  below.) During the next several years, as remediation of various environmental sites is carried out, we expect to spend against our $14 million environmental reserve for costs associated with such remediation. Adjustments are made to the reserve based on our continuing analysis of our share of costs likely to be incurred at each site. Inherent uncertainties exist in these estimates due to unknown conditions at the various sites, changing governmental regulations and legal standards regarding liability, and changing technologies for handling site investigation and remediation. While the reserve represents our best estimate of the costs we expect to incur, the actual costs to investigate and remediate these sites may exceed the amounts accrued in the environmental reserve. While it is always possible that an unusual event may occur with respect to a given site and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in a particular period, we do not believe that the costs relating to these sites, in the aggregate, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position. Furthermore, it is possible that we may also incur future costs relating to environmental liabilities not currently known to us or as to which it is currently not possible to make an estimate.  
 Our ongoing operations are subject to extensive federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, rules, and ordinances relating to safety, health, and environmental matters ( SH E Requirements ). These SH E Requirements include requirements to obtain and comply with various environmental-related permits for constructing any new facilities and operating all of our existing facilities and for product registrations. We have expended and will continue to expend considerable sums to construct, maintain, operate, and improve facilities for safety, health and environmental protection and to comply with SH E Requirements. We spent approximately $30 million in environmental-related capital expenditures at existing facilities in fiscal 2016. We anticipate spending approximately $48 million for such matters in fiscal 2017, a significant portion of which will be for the installation of technology controls for sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions at certain of our carbon black plants in North America. 
 In recognition of the importance of compliance with SH E Requirements to Cabot, our Board of Directors has a Safety, Health, and Environmental Affairs Committee. The Committee, which is comprised of a majority of independent directors, meets four times a year and provides oversight and guidance to Cabot s safety, health and environmental management programs. In particular, the Committee reviews Cabot s environmental reserve, safety, health and environmental risk assessment and management processes, environmental and safety audit reports, performance metrics, performance as benchmarked against industry peer groups, assessed fines or penalties, site security and safety issues, health and environmental training initiatives, and the SH E budget. The Committee also consults with our external and internal advisors regarding management of Cabot s safety, health and environmental programs.  
 The International Agency for Research on Cancer ( IARC ) classifies carbon black as a Group 2B substance (known animal carcinogen, possible human carcinogen). We have communicated IARC s classification of carbon black to our customers and employees and have included that information in our safety data sheets and elsewhere, as appropriate. We continue to believe that the available evidence, taken as a whole, indicates that carbon black is not carcinogenic to humans, and does not present a health hazard when handled in accordance with good housekeeping and safe workplace practices as described in our safety data sheets.  
 REACH (Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals), the European Union ( EU ) regulatory framework for chemicals developed by the European Commission ( EC ), applies to all chemical substances produced or imported into the EU in quantities greater than one metric ton a year. Manufacturers or importers of these chemical substances are required to submit specified health, safety, risk and use information about the substance to the European Chemical Agency. We have completed all required registrations under REACH to date and will continue to complete the registrations under REACH for our products in accordance with future registration deadlines. We will also continue to work with the manufacturers and importers of our raw materials, including our feedstocks, to ensure their registration prior to the applicable deadlines. In addition, the EC has adopted a harmonized definition of  nanomaterial  to be used in the EU to identify materials for which special provisions may apply, such as risk assessment and ingredient labeling. The EC definition is broad and applies to many of our existing products, including carbon black, fumed silica and fumed alumina. Country-specific product registration and assessment programs have been implemented in some countries and are being developed by others. We will continue to address these requirements. 
 9 
 
    Environmental agencies worldwide are increasingly implementing regulations and other requirements resulting in more restrictive air emission limits globally, particularly as they relate to nitrogen oxide, sulphur dioxide and particulate matter emissions. I  n addition, global efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions impact the carbon black and activated carbon industries as carbon dioxide is emitted from those manufacturing processes.   The EU Emission Trading Scheme applies to our carbon black facilities and   one activated carbon facility in Europe.     In China, two of our carbon black facilities are participating in   regional pilot   emissions trading program  s   associated with the development of a national trading program  , which we anticipate will be more fully defi  ned in fiscal 2017.    In Canada, our  carbon black manufacturing facility will be subject to the greenhouse   gas emissions trading   program beginning in calendar year 2017.        In the U.S., some of our facilities are required to report their greenhouse gas   emissions, but are not currently subject to programs requiring trading or emission controls.     We generally expect to purchase emission credits where necessary to respond to allocation shortfalls.     In addition, air emission regulations may be adopted in the f  uture in other regions and countries where we operate  ,   which could have an impact on our operations.  
 A number of organizations and regulatory agencies have become increasingly focused on the issue of water scarcity and water quality, particularly in certain geographic regions. We are engaged in various activities to promote water conservation and wastewater recycling. The costs associated with these activities are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our operations.  
 Various U.S. agencies and international bodies have adopted security requirements applicable to certain manufacturing and industrial facilities and marine port locations. These security-related requirements involve the preparation of security assessments and security plans in some cases, and in other cases the registration of certain facilities with specified governmental authorities. We closely monitor all security-related regulatory developments and believe we are in compliance with all existing requirements. Compliance with such requirements is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our operations.  
 Foreign and Domestic Operations and Export Sales  
 A significant portion of our revenues and operating profits is derived from overseas operations. The profitability of our segments is affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies. (See MD A and the Geographic Information portion of Note U for further information relating to sales and long-lived assets by geographic area.) Currency fluctuations, nationalization and expropriation of assets are risks inherent in international operations. We have taken steps we deem prudent in our international operations to diversify and otherwise to protect against these risks, including the use of foreign currency financial instruments to reduce the risk associated with changes in the value of certain foreign currencies compared to the U.S. dollar. (See the risk management discussion contained in  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  in Item 7A below and Note L of the Notes to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements).  

Item 1A.   
 
      Risk Factors      

 In addition to factors described elsewhere in this report, the following are important factors that could adversely affect our business. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations and financial results.  
 Negative or uncertain worldwide or regional economic conditions may adversely impact our business.  
 Our operations and performance are affected by worldwide and regional economic conditions. Continued uncertainty or a deterioration in the economic conditions affecting the businesses to which, or geographic areas in which, we sell products could reduce demand for our products. We may also experience pricing pressure on products and services, which could decrease our revenues and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and cash flows. In addition, during periods of economic uncertainty, our customers may temporarily pursue inventory reduction measures that exceed declines in the actual underlying demand. Our businesses are sensitive to industry capacity utilization, particularly Reinforcement Materials and Purification Solutions. As a result, pricing tends to fluctuate when capacity utilization changes occur, which could affect our financial performance. 
 As a chemical manufacturing company, our operations are subject to operational risks and have the potential to cause environmental or other damage as well as personal injury, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows.  
   The operation of a chemical manufacturing business as well as the sale and distribution of chemical products are subject to operational as well as safety, health and environmental risks. For example, the production and/or processing of carbon black, specialty compounds, fumed metal oxides, aerogel, activated carbon and other chemicals involve the handling, transportation, manufacture or use of certain substances or components that may be considered toxic or hazardous. Our manufacturing processes and the transportation of chemical products   are subject to risks inherent in chemical manufacturing, including leaks, fires, explosions, toxic releases, mechanical failures or unscheduled downtime. If operational risks materialize, they could result in injury or loss of life, damage to the environment, or damage to property. In addition, the occurrence of material operating problems at our  
 10 
 
  facilities   or a disruption in our supply chain or distribution operations     may result in loss of production, which, in turn, may make it difficult for us to meet customer needs. Accordingly, these events and their consequences could negatively impact the Company s results of operations and cash flows, both during and after the pe  riod of operational difficulties, and could harm our reputation.   
 A significant adverse change in a customer relationship or the failure of a customer to perform its obligations under agreements with us could harm our business or cash flows.  
 Our success in strengthening relationships and growing business with our largest customers and retaining their business over extended time periods could affect our future results. We have a group of key customers across our businesses that together represent a significant portion of our total net sales and operating revenues. The loss of any of our important customers, or a significant reduction in volumes sold to them, could adversely affect our results of operations until such business is replaced or any temporary disruption ends. Any deterioration in the financial condition of any of our customers that impairs our customers  ability to make payments to us also could increase our uncollectible receivables and could affect our future results and financial condition.  
 Volatility in the price of energy and raw materials could impact our margins and working capital.  
 Our manufacturing processes consume significant amounts of energy and raw materials, the costs of which are subject to worldwide supply and demand as well as other factors beyond our control. Dramatic increases in such costs or decreases in the availability of raw materials at acceptable costs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. For example, movements in the market price for crude oil typically affect carbon black feedstock costs. Significant movements in the market price for crude oil tend to create volatility in our carbon black feedstock costs, which can affect our working capital and results of operations. Certain of our carbon black supply contracts contain provisions that adjust prices to account for changes in a relevant feedstock price index. We also attempt to offset the effects of increases in raw material and energy costs through selling price increases in our non-contract sales, productivity improvements and cost reduction efforts. Success in offsetting increased raw material and energy costs with price increases is largely influenced by competitive and economic conditions and could vary significantly depending on the segment served. Such increases may not be accepted by our customers, may not be sufficient to compensate for increased raw material and energy costs or may decrease demand for our products and our volume of sales. If we are not able to fully offset the effects of increased raw material or energy costs, it could have a significant impact on our financial results. Rapid declines in energy and raw material costs can also negatively impact our financial results, as such changes can negatively affect the returns we receive on our energy centers and yield improvement investments, and may negatively impact our contract pricing adjustments. In addition, we use a variety of feedstock indices in our supply contracts to adjust our prices for changes in raw materials costs. Depending on feedstock markets and our choice of feedstocks, the indices we use in our supply contracts may not precisely track our actual costs. This could result in an incongruity between our contract pricing adjustments and changes in our actual feedstock costs, which can affect our margins. 
 We may not be successful achieving our growth expectations from new products, new applications and technology developments, and money we spend on these efforts may not result in a proportional increase in our revenues or profits.  
 We may not be successful achieving our growth expectations from developing new products or product applications. Moreover, we cannot be certain that the costs we incur investing in new product and technology development will result in a proportional increase in our revenues or profits. In addition, the timely commercialization of products that we are developing may be disrupted or delayed by manufacturing or other technical difficulties, market acceptance or insufficient market size to support a new product, competitors  new products, and difficulties in moving from the experimental stage to the production stage. These disruptions or delays could affect our future business results. 
 We face operational risks inherent in mining operations and our mining operations have the potential to cause safety issues, including those that could result in significant personal injury.  
   We own two mines, a cesium mine in Manitoba, Canada, a portion of which is located under Bernic Lake, and an above-ground lignite mine, which is located close to our Marshall, Texas facility and operated by a subsidiary of The North American Coal Company. Mining operations by their nature are activities that involve a high level of uncertainty and are often affected by risks and hazards outside of our control. At our lignite mine, the risks are primarily operational risks associated with the maintenance and operation of the heavy equipment required to dig and haul the lignite, and risks relating to lower than expected lignite quality or recovery rates. Our underground mine in Manitoba is subject to a number of risks, including industrial accidents, unexpected geological conditions, fall of ground accidents or structural collapses, which, in the case of our cesium mine, could lead to flooding, and lower than expected ore quality, ore grades or recovery rates. Following a fall of ground incident in 2013, we implemented additional safety measures and several types of monitoring devices in the mine that have indicated good structural stability in the mine since that time. However, the structural stability may change at any time and there is a possibility of deterioration and flooding of this mine. While we have not mined at our mine in Manitoba since we completed a development project at that site in November 2015, we may resume those mining operations in the future. The failure to adequately manage these risks could result in significant personal  
 11 
 
  injury, loss of life, damage to mineral properties, production facilities or mining equipment, damage to the environment, delays in or reduced production, and potential legal liabilities.   
 Any failure to realize benefits from acquisitions, alliances or joint ventures could adversely affect future financial results.  
 In achieving our strategic plan objectives, we may pursue strategic bolt-on acquisitions or joint ventures intended to complement or expand our existing businesses globally or add product technology, or both. The success of acquisitions of businesses, new technologies and products, or arrangements with third parties is not always predictable and we may not be successful in realizing our objectives as anticipated. We may not be able to integrate any acquired businesses successfully into our existing businesses, make such businesses profitable, or realize anticipated cost savings or synergies, if any, from these acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business results.  
 Plant capacity expansions and site development projects may be delayed and/or not achieve the expected benefits.  
 Our ability to complete capacity expansions and other site development projects as planned may be delayed or interrupted by the need to obtain environmental and other regulatory approvals, unexpected cost increases, availability of labor and materials, unforeseen hazards such as weather conditions, and other risks customarily associated with construction projects. Moreover, the cost of these activities could have a negative impact on the financial performance of the relevant business, and in the case of capacity expansion projects, until capacity utilization at the particular facility is sufficient to absorb the incremental costs associated with the expansion. In addition, our ability to expand capacity in emerging regions depends in part on economic and political conditions in these regions and, in some cases, on our ability to establish operations, construct additional manufacturing capacity or form strategic business alliances.  
 An interruption in our operations as a result of fence-line arrangements could disrupt our manufacturing operations and adversely affect our financial results.  
 At certain of our facilities we have fence-line arrangements with adjacent third party manufacturing operations ( fence-line partners ), who provide raw materials for our manufacturing operations and/or take by-products generated from our operations. Accordingly, any unplanned disruptions or curtailments in a fence-line partner s production facilities that impacts their ability to supply us with raw materials or to take our manufacturing by-products could disrupt our manufacturing operations or cause us to incur increased operating costs to mitigate such disruption. 
 If our assumptions about future sales and profitability of the Purification Solutions segment are incorrect and we do not achieve our growth expectations for this business, we may be required to impair certain assets. 
 We performed our annual goodwill impairment test of Purification Solutions as of May 31, 2016 and determined that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by 9% at that time.  Our strategic plan underlying this analysis relies on further growth in the mercury removal related portion of the business, which is largely dependent on the amount of coal-based power generation used in the United States and the continued regulation of those utilities under the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards ( MATS ). The analysis also anticipates growth in demand for our activated carbon products in other applications, while maintaining our margin expectations.  If competitive forces, unfavorable macroeconomic trends or environmental policy changes render our assumptions concerning demand growth and margin expectations for the business unreasonable, or we are not otherwise able to successfully execute plans to achieve our growth expectations for this business, there may be an impairment of certain assets.   
 We are exposed to political or country risk inherent in doing business in some countries.  
 Sales outside of the U.S. constituted a majority of our revenues in fiscal 2016. Although much of our international business is currently in regions where the political and economic risk levels and established legal systems are similar to those in the U.S., we also conduct business in countries that have less stable legal systems and financial markets, and potentially more corrupt business environments than the U.S. Our operations in some countries may be subject to the following risks: changes in the rate of economic growth; unsettled political or economic conditions; non-renewal of operating permits or licenses; possible expropriation or other governmental actions; corruption by government officials and other third parties; social unrest, war, terrorist activities or other armed conflict; confiscatory taxation or other adverse tax policies; deprivation of contract rights; trade regulations affecting production, pricing and marketing of products; reduced protection of intellectual property rights; restrictions on the repatriation of income or capital; exchange controls; inflation; currency fluctuations and devaluation; the effect of global health, safety and environmental matters on economic conditions and market opportunities; and changes in financial policy and availability of credit. In addition, there may be costs associated with repatriating income or capital.  
 12 
 
    We face competition from other specialty chemic  al companies.   
 We operate in a highly competitive marketplace. Our ability to compete successfully depends in part upon our ability to maintain a superior technological capability and to continue to identify, develop and commercialize new and innovative, high value-added products for existing and future customers. Increased competition from existing or newly developed products offered by our competitors or companies whose products offer a similar functionality as our products and could be substituted for our products, may negatively affect demand for our products. In addition, actions by our competitors could affect our ability to maintain or raise prices, successfully enter new markets or maintain or grow our market position.  
 Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and thus negatively affect our financial results.  
 As more fully described in  Item 3 Legal Proceedings , we are a party to or the subject of lawsuits, claims, and proceedings, including, but not limited to, those involving environmental, and health and safety matters as well as product liability and personal injury claims relating to asbestosis, silicosis, and coal worker s pneumoconiosis. We are also a potentially responsible party in various environmental proceedings and remediation matters wherein substantial amounts are at issue. Adverse rulings, judgments or settlements in pending or future litigation (including liabilities associated with respirator claims) or in connection with environmental remediation activities could adversely affect our financial results or cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in any forward-looking statements.  
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates could affect our financial results.  
 We earn revenues, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In fiscal 2016, we derived a majority of our revenues from sales outside the U.S. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies in countries where we operate will affect our results of operations and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. Due to the geographic diversity of our operations, weaknesses in some currencies might be offset by strengths in others over time. In addition, we are exposed to adverse changes in interest rates. We manage both these risks through normal operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative instruments as well as foreign currency debt. We cannot be certain, however, that we will be successful in reducing the risks inherent in exposures to foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations. 
 Further, we have exposure to foreign currency movements because certain foreign currency transactions need to be converted to a different currency for settlement. These conversions can have a direct impact on our cash flows. 
 Our tax rate is dependent upon a number of factors, a change in any of which could impact our future tax rates and net income.  
 Our future tax rates may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: future changes in the jurisdictions in which our profits are determined to be earned and taxed; changes in the estimated realization of our net deferred tax assets; the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for U.S. income and non-U.S. withholding taxes; adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; increases in expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes, including charges from impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions; changes in available tax credits; the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities; and changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws. Losses for which no tax benefits can be recorded could materially impact our tax rate and its volatility from one quarter to another. 
 Information technology systems failures, data security breaches or network disruptions could compromise our information, disrupt our operations and expose us to liability, which may adversely impact our operations. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and certain information of our customers, suppliers, business partners, and employees in our information technology systems.  The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this data is critical to our operations.   Information technology systems failures, including risks associated with upgrading our systems or in successfully integrating information technology and other systems in connection with the integration of businesses we acquire, network disruptions or unauthorized access could disrupt our operations by impeding our processing of transactions and our financial reporting, and our ability to protect our customer or company information, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In addition, as with all enterprise information systems, our information technology systems could be penetrated by outside parties intent on extracting information, corrupting information, or disrupting business processes.  Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential information about the Company, our employees, our vendors, or our customers, could result in legal claims or proceedings and potential liability for us, damage to our reputation, and could otherwise harm our business and our results of operations.   
 13 
 
    Our operations are subject to extensive safety, health and environmental requirements, which could increase our costs and/or reduce   our profit.   
 Our ongoing operations are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to safety, health and environmental matters, many of which provide for substantial monetary fines and criminal sanctions for violations. These include requirements to obtain and comply with various environmental-related permits for constructing any new facilities and operating all of our existing facilities. In addition, in certain geographic areas, our carbon black and activated carbon facilities are subject to greenhouse gas emission trading schemes under which we may be required to purchase emission credits if our emission levels exceed our allocations. The enactment of new environmental laws and regulations and/or the more aggressive interpretation of existing requirements could require us to incur significant costs for compliance or capital improvements or limit our current or planned operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow. We attempt to offset the effects of these compliance costs through price increases, productivity improvements and cost reduction efforts. Success in offsetting any such increased regulatory costs is largely influenced by competitive and economic conditions and could vary significantly depending on the segment served. Such increases may not be accepted by our customers, may not be sufficient to compensate for increased regulatory costs or may decrease demand for our products and our volume of sales. See  Item 3 Legal Proceedings Environmental Proceedings .  
 The elimination of tariffs placed on U.S. imports of Chinese activated carbon, or their failure to adequately address the impact of low-priced imports from China, could have a material adverse effect on our Purification Solutions segment.  
 Purification Solutions faces pressure and competition in the U.S. from low-priced imports of activated carbon products. If the amounts of these low-priced imports increase, especially if they are sold at less than fair value, our sales of competing products could decline, which could have an adverse effect on the earnings of Purification Solutions. In addition, sales of these low-priced imports may negatively impact our pricing. To limit these activities, regulators in the U.S. have enacted an antidumping duty order on steam activated carbon products from China.  A proceeding that will evaluate whether to extend the order for an additional five years will be initiated in February 2018.  The amount of antidumping duties collected on imports of steam activated carbon from China is reviewed annually by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  To the extent the antidumping margins do not adequately address the degree to which imports are unfairly traded, the antidumping order may be less effective in reducing the volume of these low-priced activated carbon imports in the U.S., which could negatively affect demand and/or pricing for our products. In addition, if the antidumping order is not extended beyond its current term, the amount of low-priced imports from China may increase, which could have an adverse effect on our Purification Solutions business. 
 We have entered into a number of derivative contracts with financial counterparties.  The effectiveness of these contracts is dependent on the ability of these financial counterparties to perform their obligations and their nonperformance could harm our financial condition. 
 We have entered into forward foreign currency contracts and cross currency swaps as part of our financial risk management strategy.  The effectiveness of our risk management program using these instruments is dependent, in part, upon the counterparties to these contracts honoring their financial obligations.  If any of our counterparties are unable to perform their obligations in the future, we could be exposed to increased earnings and cash flow volatility due to an instrument s failure to hedge or adequately address a financial risk.  
 The continued protection of our patents, trade secrets and other proprietary intellectual property rights are important to our success.  
 Our patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are important to our success and competitive position. We own various patents and other intellectual property rights in the U.S. and other countries covering many of our products, as well as processes and product uses. Where we believe patent protection is not appropriate or obtainable, we rely on trade secret laws and practices to protect our proprietary technology and processes, such as physical security, limited dissemination and access and confidentiality agreements with our employees, customers, consultants, business partners, potential licensees and others to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect and the protective measures we have put in place may not prevent disclosure or unauthorized use of our proprietary information or provide an adequate remedy in the event of misappropriation or other violations of our proprietary rights. In addition, we are a licensee of various patents and intellectual property rights belonging to others in the U.S. and other countries. Because the laws and enforcement mechanisms of some countries may not allow us to protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as we are able to do in the U.S., the strength of our intellectual property rights will vary from country to country.  
 Irrespective of our proprietary intellectual property rights, we may be subject to claims that our products, processes or product uses infringe the intellectual property rights of others. These claims, even if they are without merit, could be expensive and time consuming to defend and if we were to lose such claims, we could be enjoined from selling our products or using our processes and/or be subject to damages, or be required to enter into licensing agreements requiring royalty payments and/or use restrictions. Licensing agreements may not be available to us, or if available, may not be available on acceptable terms.  
 14 
 
    Natural disasters could affect our operations and financial results.   
 We operate facilities in areas of the world that are exposed to natural hazards, such as floods, windstorms, hurricanes, and earthquakes. Such events could disrupt our supply of raw materials or otherwise affect production, transportation and delivery of our products or affect demand for our products.  

Item 1B.   
 
      Unresolved Staff Comments      

 None.  

Item 2.   
 
      Properties     

 Cabot s corporate headquarters are in leased office space in Boston, Massachusetts. We also own or lease office, manufacturing, storage, distribution, marketing and research and development facilities in the United States and in foreign countries. The locations of our principal manufacturing and/or administrative facilities are set forth in the table below. Unless otherwise indicated, all the properties are owned. 

Location by Region  

Reinforcement 
 Materials  

Performance 
 Chemicals  

Purification 
 Solutions  

Specialty Fluids  

Americas Region  

Alpharetta, GA* (1)   

X  

X  

X  

X  

Tuscola, IL  

X  

Canal, LA  

X  

X  

Ville Platte, LA  

X  

Billerica, MA  

X  

X  

X  

X  

Haverhill, MA  

X  

Midland, MI  

X  

Pryor, OK  

X  

Marshall, TX  

X  

Pampa, TX  

X  

X  

Campana, Argentina  

X  

Maua, Brazil  

X  

X  

Sao Paulo, Brazil* (1)   

X  

X  

X  

X  

Cartagena, Colombia  

X  

Lac du Bonnet, Manitoba**  

X  

Altamira, Mexico  

X  

Sarnia, Ontario  

X  

X  

(1)    
 
 Business service center    

*   
 
 Leased premises    

**   
 
 Building(s) owned by Cabot on leased land    

 15 

Location by Region  

Reinforcement 
 Materials  

Performance 
 Chemicals  

Purification 
 Solutions  

Specialty Fluids  

EMEA Region  

Loncin, Belgium  

X  

Pepinster, Belgium  

X  

Valasske Mezirici (Valmez), Czech Republic**  

X  

Port Jerome, France**  

X  

Frankfurt, Germany*  

X  

Rheinfelden, Germany  

X  

Ravenna, Italy (2 plants)  

X  

X  

Riga, Latvia* (1)   

X  

X  

X  

X  

Bergen, Norway*  

X  

Schaffhausen, Switzerland*  

X  

X  

X  

X  

Botlek, The Netherlands**  

X  

X  

Amersfoort, The Netherlands*  

X  

Klazienaveen, The Netherlands  

X  

Zaandam, The Netherlands  

X  

Dubai, United Arab Emirates*  

X  

Purton, United Kingdom (England)  

X  

Aberdeen, United Kingdom (Scotland)*  

X  

Glasgow, United Kingdom (Scotland)  

X  

Barry, United Kingdom (Wales)**  

X  

Asia Pacific Region  

Jiangxi Province, China**  

X  

Tianjin, China**  

X  

X  

Shanghai, China* (1)   

X  

X  

X  

X  

Shanghai, China** (plant)  

X  

Xingtai City, China**  

X  

Mumbai, India*  

X  

X  

X  

Cilegon, Indonesia**  

X  

Jakarta, Indonesia* (1)   

X  

X  

X  

X  

Chiba, Japan  

X  

Shimonoseki, Japan**  

X  

Tokyo, Japan* (1)   

X  

X  

X  

X  

Port Dickson, Malaysia**  

X  

(1)    
 
 Business service center    

*   
 
 Leased premises    

**   
 
 Building(s) owned by Cabot on leased land    

 We conduct research and development for our various businesses primarily at facilities in Billerica, Massachusetts; Amersfoort, The Netherlands; Pampa, Texas; Pepinster, Belgium; Frankfurt, Germany; and Shanghai, China.  
 Our existing manufacturing plants generally have sufficient production capacity to meet current requirements and expected near-term growth. These plants are generally well maintained, in good operating condition and suitable and adequate for their intended use. Our administrative offices and other facilities are suitable and adequate for their intended purposes.  
 16 

Item   3.   
 
              Legal   Proceedings        

 Cabot is a party in various lawsuits and environmental proceedings wherein substantial amounts are claimed. The following is a description of the significant proceedings pending on September 30, 2016, unless otherwise specified.  
 Environmental Proceedings  
 In November 2013, Cabot entered into a Consent Decree with the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality ( LDEQ ) regarding Cabot s three carbon black manufacturing facilities in the United States. This settlement is related to EPA s national enforcement initiative focused on the U.S. carbon black manufacturing sector alleging non-compliance with certain regulatory and permitting requirements under The Clean Air Act, including the New Source Review ( NSR ) construction permitting requirements. Pursuant to this settlement, which was approved by the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana in March, 2014, Cabot paid a combined $975,000 civil penalty to EPA and LDEQ, agreed to fund environmental mitigation projects in the three communities where the plants are located for a total cost of approximately $450,000, two of which have been completed, and will install technology controls for sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide. We expect that the total capital costs to install these controls will be between $100 million and $150 million and will be incurred through calendar year 2020. In addition, Cabot has agreed to certain best management practices ( BMPs ) to control emissions of particulate matter at the three locations. Continental Carbon settled with EPA on similar terms in 2015. It is expected that other carbon black manufacturers will also be required to install technology controls and agree to adopt BMPs at their U.S. facilities in connection with this initiative and are also likely to pay a civil penalty and fund mitigation projects.  
 We continue to perform certain sampling and remediation activities at a former pine tar manufacturing site in Gainesville, Florida that we sold in the 1960s. Those activities are pursuant to a formal Record of Decision and 1991 Consent Decree with EPA. Cabot installed a groundwater treatment system at the site in the early 1990s, and that system is still in operation. We have also been requested by EPA and other stakeholders to carry out various other additional work at the site, the scope of which has yet to be fully determined. We continue to work cooperatively with EPA, the Florida Department of Environmental Protection and the local authorities on this matter.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had a $14 million reserve for environmental remediation costs at various sites. The operation and maintenance component of this reserve was $6 million. The $14 million reserve represents our current best estimate of costs likely to be incurred for remediation based on our analysis of the extent of cleanup required, alternative cleanup methods available, the ability of other responsible parties to contribute and our interpretation of laws and regulations applicable to each of our sites.  
   Other Proceedings   
 Respirator Liabilities  
 We have exposure in connection with a safety respiratory products business that a subsidiary acquired from American Optical Corporation ( AO ) in an April 1990 asset purchase transaction. The subsidiary manufactured respirators under the AO brand and disposed of that business in July 1995. In connection with its acquisition of the business, the subsidiary agreed, in certain circumstances, to assume a portion of AO s liabilities, including costs of legal fees together with amounts paid in settlements and judgments, allocable to AO respiratory products used prior to the 1990 purchase by the Cabot subsidiary. In exchange for the subsidiary s assumption of certain of AO s respirator liabilities, AO agreed to provide to the subsidiary the benefits of: (i) AO s insurance coverage for the period prior to the 1990 acquisition and (ii) a former owner s indemnity of AO holding it harmless from any liability allocable to AO respiratory products used prior to May 1982.  
 Generally, these respirator liabilities involve claims for personal injury, including asbestosis, silicosis and coal worker s pneumoconiosis, allegedly resulting from the use of respirators that are alleged to have been negligently designed and/or labeled. Neither Cabot, nor its past or present subsidiaries, at any time manufactured asbestos or asbestos-containing products. At no time did this respiratory product line represent a significant portion of the respirator market.  
 The subsidiary transferred the business to Aearo Corporation ( Aearo ) in July 1995. Cabot agreed to have the subsidiary retain certain liabilities associated with exposure to asbestos and silica while using respirators prior to the 1995 transaction so long as Aearo paid, and continues to pay, Cabot an annual fee of $400,000. Aearo can discontinue payment of the fee at any time, in which case it will assume the responsibility for and indemnify Cabot against those liabilities which Cabot s subsidiary had agreed to retain. We anticipate that we will continue to receive payment of the $400,000 fee from Aearo and thereby retain these liabilities for the foreseeable future. We have no liability in connection with any products manufactured by Aearo after 1995.  
 In addition to Cabot s subsidiary and as described above, other parties are responsible for significant portions of the costs of respirator liabilities, leaving Cabot s subsidiary with a portion of the liability in only some of the pending cases. These parties include Aearo, AO, AO s insurers, another former owner and its insurers, and a third-party manufacturer of respirators formerly sold under the AO brand and its insurers (collectively, with Cabot s subsidiary, the  Payor Group ).  
 17 
 
    As of   both   September 30, 201  6   and 201  5  , there   were approximately 38  ,000 claimants   in pending cases asserting claims against AO in connection with respiratory products. Cabot has contributed to the Payor Group s defense and settlement costs with respect to a percentage of pending claims depending on several factors, including the period   of alleged product use. In order to quantify our estimated share of liability for pending and future respirator liability claims, we have engaged, through counsel, the assistance of Hamilton, Rabinovitz   Alschuler, Inc. ( HR A ), a leading consulting fir  m in the field of tort liability valuation. The methodology used by HR A addresses the complexities surrounding our potential liability by making assumptions about future claimants with respect to periods of asbestos, silica and coal mine dust exposure and   respirator use. Using those and other assumptions, HR A estimates the number of future asbestos, silica and coal mine dust claims that will be filed and the related costs that would be incurred in resolving both currently pending and future claims. On thi  s basis, HR A then estimates the value of the share of these liabilities that reflect our period of direct manufacture and our contractual obligations.     During the three months ended September 30, 2016, HR A updated this estimate. Based on the HR A estimate  s, as of September 30, 2016, we   increased our   reserve for our estimated share of liability for pending and future respirator claims   by $13 million to $21 million  .   The increase reflects recent increases in certain defense and indemnity costs.   W  e made paymen  ts related to our respirator liability of $  3 million in fiscal 2016 and $  2   million in each of fiscal   201  5   and 201  4  .   
 Our current estimate of the cost of our share of existing and future respirator liability claims is based on facts and circumstances existing at this time. Developments that could affect our estimate include, but are not limited to, (i) significant changes in the number of future claims, (ii) changes in the rate of dismissals without payment of pending claims, (iii) significant changes in the average cost of resolving claims, (iv) significant changes in the legal costs of defending these claims, (v) changes in the nature of claims received, (vi) changes in the law and procedure applicable to these claims, (vii) the financial viability of members of the Payor Group, (viii) a change in the availability of the insurance coverage of the members of the Payor Group or the indemnity provided by AO s former owner, (ix) changes in the allocation of costs among the Payor Group, and (x) a determination that the assumptions that were used to estimate our share of liability are no longer reasonable. We cannot determine the impact of these potential developments on our current estimate of our share of liability for these existing and future claims. Accordingly, the actual amount of these liabilities for existing and future claims could be different than the reserved amount.  
 Other Matters  
 We have various other lawsuits, claims and contingent liabilities. In our opinion, although final disposition of some or all of these other suits and claims may impact our financial statements in a particular period, they should not, in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements.  

Item   4.   
 
      Mine Safety Disclosures     

 Not applicable. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 Set forth below is certain information about Cabot s executive officers as of November 23, 2016. 
 Sean D. Keohane, age 49, is President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of Cabot s Board of Directors, positions he has held since March 2016. Mr. Keohane joined Cabot in August 2002 and was named General Manager of Performance Chemicals in May 2008. From March 2012 until November 2014, he was Senior Vice President and President of Performance Chemicals, and from November 2014 until March 2016 he was Executive Vice President and President of Reinforcement Materials. He was appointed Vice President in March 2005, Senior Vice President in March 2012 and Executive Vice President in November 2014. He was a member of the Interim Office of the Chief Executive Officer (the  CEO Office ), which was in place from December 2015 until March 2016. 
 Eduardo E. Cordeiro, age 49, is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and President of the Americas and Europe, Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) regions. Mr. Cordeiro joined Cabot in 1998 and has served in a variety of leadership positions, including Corporate Controller, General Manager of the Fumed Metal Oxides business and General Manager of the Supermetals business. He was responsible for Corporate Strategy from May 2008 until February 2009, when he became Cabot s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Cordeiro was appointed Vice President in March 2003 and Executive Vice President in March 2009. He was a member of the CEO Office, which was in place from December 2015 until March 2016. 
 Nicholas S. Cross, age 55, is Executive Vice President and President of Performance Chemicals and Specialty Fluids. Mr. Cross joined Cabot in September 2009 as President of the EMEA region and was appointed President of Advanced Technologies in January 2013 and President of Performance Chemicals in November 2014. He was appointed Vice President upon joining Cabot in 2009, Senior Vice President in March 2012 and Executive Vice President in November 2014. Prior to joining Cabot, Mr. Cross held a variety of leadership positions in BP plc s Chemicals, Oil and Gas businesses, including Director of Chemicals Strategy and Head of International NGLs. He was a member of the CEO Office, which was in place from December 2015 until March 2016. 
 18 
 
    Brian A. Berube, age 54  , is Senior Vice President and General Counsel   and interim   Chief   Human Resources   Officer  . Mr. Berube joined Cabot in 1994 as an attorney in Cabot s law department and became Deputy General Counsel in   June 2001, business General Counsel in March 2002, and General Counsel in March 2003.   He was appointed interim   Chief   Human Resources   Officer   in July 2016.     Mr. Berube was appointed Vice President in March 2002 and Senior Vice President in March 2012.     He was   a member of the CEO Office, which was in place from   December 2015 until March 2016.  
 Hobart C. Kalkstein, age 46, is Senior Vice President and President of Reinforcement Materials. Mr. Kalkstein joined Cabot in 2005. Since joining the Company, he has held several key management positions, most recently as Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Development from December 2015 to April 2016. From October 2013 to December 2015, he served as Vice President of Global Business Operations for Purification Solutions and from November 2012 to December 2015 as General Manager of Global Emission Control Solutions for Purification Solutions, and from January 2012 to November 2012 he served as Vice President of Business Operations and Executive Director of Marketing and Business Strategy for Performance Chemicals. Prior to that, he served as General Manager of the Aerogel business from October 2007 to February 2010. He was appointed Senior Vice President in April 2016. 
 Friedrich von Gottberg, age 48, is Senior Vice President and President of Purification Solutions. Mr. von Gottberg joined Cabot in 1997. Since joining the Company he has held a variety of leadership positions in Research and Development and Finance. Prior to assuming his current role in January 2013, he was Vice President of the New Business Group from March 2008 until March 2012, and Senior Vice President and President of Advanced Technologies from March 2012 until January 2013. Mr. von Gottberg was appointed Vice President in March 2005 and Senior Vice President in March 2012. 
   
 19 
 
        PART   II  

Item  5.   
 
    Market for Registrant s Common Equity,   Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities     

 Cabot s common stock is listed for trading (symbol CBT) on the New York Stock Exchange. As of November 18, 2016, there were 735 holders of record of Cabot s common stock. The tables below show the high and low sales price for Cabot s common stock for each of the fiscal quarters ended December 31, March 31, June 30, and September 30 and the quarterly cash dividend paid on Cabot s common stock for the past two fiscal years. 
 Stock Price and Dividend Data 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The table below sets forth information regarding Cabot s purchases of its equity securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2016: 

(1)    
 
 On January 13, 2015, Cabot publicly announced that the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to five million shares of its common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The prior repurchase authorization was terminated at that time. The current authorization does not have a set expiration date. In the fourth quarter of 2016, Cabot repurchased 302,000 shares under this authorization.    

Item  6.   
 
      Selected Financial Data     

 On July 31, 2012, Cabot completed the purchase of Norit N.V. ( Purification Solutions ). The operating results and ratios presented below for fiscal 2012 include two months of results of Purification Solutions. Beginning September 30, 2012 the balance sheet items presented below include those of Purification Solutions. 
 On November 18, 2013, Cabot purchased all of its joint venture partner s common stock in NHUMO, S.A. de C.V. ( NHUMO ), which represented approximately 60% of the outstanding common stock of the joint venture. Prior to this transaction, the Company owned approximately 40% of the outstanding common stock of NHUMO, and the NHUMO entity was accounted for as an equity affiliate of the Company. The results of fiscal 2014 in the table below include 11 months of results at 100% consolidation and one month of results accounted for under the equity method at 40%. Results for all years prior to fiscal 2014 are reported under the equity method at 40%. 
 20 
 
    The Company completed the sales of its Supermetals business and Security Materials business on January 20, 20  12 and July 31, 2014, respectively. The results of operations for both businesses for all periods presented are reflected as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  

(2    )    
 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations includes certain items as presented in the table below. A discussion of certain items is included in Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Results of Operations.    

 21 

(a)    
 
 The tax impact of certain items is determined by (1) starting with the current and deferred income tax expense or benefit, included in Net income attributable to Cabot Corporation, and (2) subtracting the tax expense or benefit on  adjusted earnings . Adjusted earnings is defined as the pre-tax income attributable to Cabot Corporation excluding certain items. The tax expense or benefit on adjusted earnings is calculated by applying the operating tax rate, as defined under the section Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Results of Operations, to adjusted earnings.    

(3)    
 
 The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 was a provision of 18%, which included less than $1 million of discrete tax charges, composed of charges of $5 million for valuation allowances on beginning of the year tax balances partially offset by benefits of $3 million for a currency loss and $1 million each for the renewal of the U.S. research and experimentation credit and net tax settlements.   The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 was a benefit of 12%, which included $13 million of discrete tax benefits composed of $7 million for tax settlements, $4 million for repatriation, and $2 million for the renewal of the U.S. research and experimentation credit. The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal 2014 was a provision of 30% which included net discrete charges of $17 million, composed of a $20 million charge for a valuation allowance, offset by $3 million of net tax benefit primarily related to tax settlements. The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 was a provision of 28% which included net discrete charges of $3 million, composed of a $13 million foreign currency related charge, offset by $10 million of net tax benefit related to tax settlements, renewal of the U.S. research and experimentation ( R E ) credit, and other miscellaneous tax items in the tax provision. The Company s effective tax rate for fiscal 2012 was a provision of 22% which includes net discrete tax benefits of $8 million from the release of a valuation allowance and $3 million from settlements and miscellaneous tax items.     

(    4    )    
 
 Net debt to capitalization ratio is calculated by dividing total debt (the sum of short-term and long-term debt less cash and cash equivalents) by total capitalization (the sum of Total stockholders  equity plus total debt).    

 22 

(5)    
 
        Adjusted return on net assets ( adjusted RONA ) measure  s   how effectively and efficiently the   C  ompany uses its operating assets to ge  nerate earnings  .  Return on net assets ( RONA ) and adjusted RONA are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered substitutes for measures of   performance reported under GAAP.  We believe adjusted RONA provides useful supplemental information to our investors because it allows investors to understand the basis on which management evaluates the Company s operational effectiveness and because it is   a performance metric used in our equity incentive compensation program.  We calculate  adjusted RONA  by dividing     the most recent twelve months    adjusted net income (loss) (a non-GAAP numerator) by adjusted net assets (a non-GAAP denominator).  In the num  erator, we exclude from income (loss) from continuing operations as calculated under GAAP  certain items  net of tax.  The items of expense and income we consider  certain items  are described in the discussion of Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial   Measures in Results of Operations.  The denominator consists of our operating assets, which are  :   ne  t property, plant and equipment;   adjusted net working capita  l;   assets held for rent  ;   and investments in   equity   affiliates  .  We calculate the items in adjust  ed net assets using the most recent five quarters  average to normalize the impact of large inter-period movements   (e.g. working capital movements caused   by feedstock price volatility).     Our calculation of adjusted RONA is as follows:     

(a)    
 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations and Adjusted net income (loss) are aggregated four quarter rolling amounts.     

(b)    
 
 Net assets represents Total stockholders' equity.    

(c)    
 
 Total certain items, net of tax is detailed in the table in note (2) above.    

(d)    
 
 Each component of adjusted net assets is calculated by averaging previous five quarter ending balances.    

(e)    
 
 Adjusted net working capital is the average previous five quarter ending balances of Accounts receivable plus Inventory less Accounts payable and accruals.    

23 

Item 7.    
 
          Management s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Results of Operations     

 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of our financial statements is in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ). This preparation of our financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical to the financial statements if (i) the estimate is complex in nature or requires a high degree of judgment and (ii) different estimates and assumptions were used, the results could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and the application of our policies. We base our estimates on historical experience, current conditions and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The policies that we believe are critical to the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements are presented below. 
 Revenue Recognition and Accounts and Notes Receivable 
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. We generally are able to ensure that products meet customer specifications prior to shipment. If we are unable to determine that the product has met the specified objective criteria prior to shipment or if title has not transferred because of sales terms, the revenue is considered  unearned  and is deferred until the revenue recognition criteria are met. 
 Shipping and handling charges related to sales transactions are recorded as sales revenue when billed to customers or included in the sales price. Taxes collected on sales to customers are excluded from revenues. 
 The following table shows the relative size of the revenue recognized in each of the Company s reportable segments: 

We derive the substantial majority of revenues from the sale of products in Reinforcement Materials and Performance Chemicals. Revenue from these products is typically recognized when the product is shipped and title and risk of loss have passed to the customer. We offer certain customers cash discounts and volume rebates as sales incentives. The discounts and volume rebates are recorded as a reduction in sales at the time revenue is recognized and are estimated based on historical experience and contractual obligations. We periodically review the assumptions underlying estimates of discounts and volume rebates and adjust revenues accordingly.    
 Revenue in Purification Solutions is typically recognized when the product is shipped and title and risk of loss have passed to the customer. For major activated carbon injection systems projects, revenue is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method.    
 Revenue in Specialty Fluids arises primarily from the rental of cesium formate. This revenue is recognized throughout the rental period based on the contracted rental terms. Customers are also billed and revenue is recognized, typically at the end of the job, for cesium formate product that is not returned. We also generate revenues from cesium formate sold outside of a rental process and revenue is recognized upon delivery of the fluid. 
 We maintain allowances for doubtful accounts based on an assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts, the aging of accounts receivable and other economic information on both a historical and prospective basis. Customer account balances are charged against the allowance when it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. There are no material changes in the allowance for any of the years presented. There is no material off-balance sheet credit exposure related to customer receivable balances. 
 24 
 
    Inventory Valuat  ion  
 The cost of all carbon black inventories in the U.S. is determined using the last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) method. Total U.S. inventories utilizing this cost flow assumption were $28 million and $24 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These inventories represent 8% and 6% of total worldwide inventories at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Had we used the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method instead of the LIFO method for such inventories, the value of those inventories would have been $27 million and $30 million higher as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The cost of Specialty Fluids inventories, which are classified as assets held for rent, is determined using the average cost method. The cost of other U.S. and all non-U.S. inventories is determined using the FIFO method. In periods of rapidly rising or declining raw material costs, the inventory method we employ can have a significant impact on our profitability. Under our current LIFO method, when raw material costs are rising, our most recent higher priced purchases are the first to be charged to Cost of sales. If, however, we were using a FIFO method, our purchases from earlier periods, which were at lower prices, would instead be the first charged to Cost of sales. The opposite result could occur during a period of rapid decline in raw material costs. 
 At certain times, we may decrease inventory levels to the point where layers of inventory recorded under the LIFO method that were purchased in preceding years are liquidated. The inventory in these layers may be valued at an amount that is different than our current costs. If there is a liquidation of an inventory layer, there may be an impact to our Cost of sales and Net income for that period. If the liquidated inventory is at a cost lower than our current cost, there would be a reduction in our Cost of sales and an increase to our Net income during the period. Conversely, if the liquidated inventory is at a cost higher than our current cost, there will be an increase in our Cost of sales and a reduction to our net income during the period. 
   We review inventory for both potential obsolescence and potential declines in anticipated selling prices periodically. In this review, we make assumptions about the future demand for and market value of the inventory and based on these assumptions estimate the amount of any obsolete, unmarketable, slow moving or overvalued inventory. We write down the value of our inventories by an amount equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value. Historically, such write-downs have not been material. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management at the time of the assessment, however, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which could reduce our gross profit and our earnings. 
 Intangible Assets and Goodwill Impairment    
 We record tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. Amounts paid for an acquisition are allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is comprised of the purchase price of business acquisitions in excess of the fair value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but is reviewed for impairment annually as of May 31, or when events or changes in the business environment indicate that the carrying value of the reporting unit may exceed its fair value. A reporting unit, for the purpose of the impairment test, is at or below the operating segment level, and constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by segment management. The separate businesses included within Performance Chemicals are considered separate reporting units. The goodwill balance relative to this segment is recorded in the Metal Oxides reporting unit. 
 For the purpose of the goodwill impairment test, we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If an initial qualitative assessment identifies that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an additional quantitative evaluation is performed under the two-step impairment test. Alternatively, we may elect to proceed directly to the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If based on the quantitative evaluation the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we perform an analysis of the fair value of all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. If the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill is determined to be less than its carrying amount, an impairment is recognized for the difference. The fair value of a reporting unit is based on discounted estimated future cash flows. The fair value is also benchmarked against a market approach using the guideline public companies method. The assumptions used to estimate fair value include management s best estimates of future growth rates, operating cash flows, capital expenditures and discount rates over an estimate of the remaining operating period at the reporting unit level. Should the fair value of any of our reporting units decline below its carrying amount because of reduced operating performance, market declines, changes in the discount rate, or other conditions, charges for impairment may be necessary. 
 When we performed our annual goodwill impairment test in the third quarter of fiscal 2015, the fair value of the Purification Solutions reporting unit was less than its carrying amount and we recorded impairment charges as a result. A discussion of this assessment and the charges recorded is included under  Purification Solutions Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets Impairment Charges . 
 25 
 
    Based on our most recent annual goodwill impairment test performed as of May 31, 2016, the fair values of the Reinforcement Materials and Fumed Metal Oxides reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values.  The fair value of the Purif  ication Solutions reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by 9%   at that time. The fair value of the Purification Solutions reporting unit includes certain growth assumptions that are primarily dependent on: (1) further growth in the mercury removal rel  ated portion of the business, which is largely dependent on the amount of coal-based power generation used in the United States and the continued regulation of those utilities under   MATS   and (2) growth in demand for our activated carbon products in other a  pplications, while meetin  g   our   margin expectations.   Realizing these assumptions is generally driven by the macroeconomic environment, environmental regulations, and global and regional competition.  
 We use assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. The determination of the fair value of intangible assets requires the use of significant judgment with regard to assumptions used in the valuation model. We estimate the fair value of identifiable acquisition-related intangible assets principally based on projections of cash flows that will arise from these assets. The projected cash flows are discounted to determine the fair value of the assets at the dates of acquisition. 
 Definite-lived intangible assets, which are comprised of trademarks, customer relationships and developed technologies, are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the assets. We recognized an impairment on intangible assets associated with the Purification Solutions business in the third fiscal quarter of 2015 and no events have been subsequently identified that would require an additional impairment evaluation. 
 Long-lived Assets Impairment    
 Our long-lived assets primarily include property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, long-term investments and assets held for rent. The carrying values of long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  
 To test for impairment of assets we generally use a probability-weighted estimate of the future undiscounted net cash flows of the assets over their remaining lives to determine if the value of the asset is recoverable. Long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which independent identifiable cash flows are determinable.  
 An asset impairment is recognized when the carrying value of the asset is not recoverable based on the analysis described above, in which case the asset is written down to its fair value.  If the asset does not have a readily determinable market value, a discounted cash flow model may be used to determine the fair value of the asset. In circumstances when an asset does not have separate identifiable cash flows, an impairment charge is recorded when we no longer intend to use the asset.    
 Purification Solutions Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets Impairment Charges 
 During fiscal 2015 and as a result of the impairment tests performed on goodwill and long-lived assets of the Purification Solutions reporting unit, we recorded impairment charges and an associated tax benefit in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows: 

In determining the fair value of the Purification Solutions reporting unit, we used an income approach (a discounted cash flow analysis) which incorporated significant estimates and assumptions related to future periods, including the timing of the MATS implementation, the anticipated size of the mercury removal industry, and growth rates and pricing assumptions of activated carbon, among others. In addition, an estimate of the reporting unit s weighted average cost of capital ( WACC ) was used to discount future estimated cash flows to their present value. The WACC was based upon externally available data considering market participants  cost of equity and debt, optimal capital structure and risk factors specific to the Purification Solutions reporting unit. Based on these estimates and as part of step one of the annual impairment test, we determined that the estimated fair value of the Purification Solutions reporting unit was lower than the reporting unit's carrying value. As such, the reporting unit failed step one of the goodwill impairment test. We then proceeded to step two.    
 26 
 
    Step two of the goodwill impairment test requires us to perform a theoretical purchase price allocation for the reporting unit to determine the implied fair value of goodwill and t  o compare the implied fair value of goodwill to the recorded amount of goodwill. The estimate of fair value is complex and requires significant judgment. Accounting guidance provides that we should recognize an estimated impairment charge to the extent tha  t it determines that it is probable that an impairment loss has occurred and such impairment can be reasonably estimated. Based on our best estimate as of June 30, 2015, we recorded a pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of $353 million. We completed the ste  p two analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, which resulted in recording a credit of $1 million to the pre-tax goodwill impairment charge.     
 Based on the same factors leading to the goodwill impairment, we also considered whether the reporting unit's carrying values of definite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment may not be recoverable or whether the carrying value of certain indefinite-lived intangible assets were impaired. We used the income approach to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are the trademarks of Purification Solutions, and determined that the fair value of these intangible assets was lower than their carrying value. As such, an impairment loss was recorded in the amount of $39 million. Subsequent to this impairment analysis, we concluded that such assets no longer had an indefinite life and began amortizing these assets over their estimated useful life.  We also performed an impairment analysis to assess if definite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment were recoverable based on the estimated undiscounted cash flows of the reporting unit, and determined that these cash flows were not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the long-lived assets over their remaining useful lives. Accordingly, an impairment charge was recorded based on the lower of the carrying amount or fair value of the long-lived assets. We used the income approach to determine the fair value of the definite-lived intangible assets and a combination of the cost and market approaches to fair value our property, plant and equipment. We recorded impairment charges of $119 million and $51 million, to our definite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, respectively, in the quarter ended June 30, 2015.   We completed the impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 which resulted in increasing the property, plant and equipment impairment charge by $1 million to $52 million. Therefore, for the year ended September 30, 2015, the long-lived assets impairment charge was $210 million.  In connection with the long-lived assets impairment charges, we recorded a deferred tax benefit of $80 million to our income tax provision.    
 Pensions   and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 We maintain both defined benefit and defined contribution plans for our employees. In addition, we provide certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for our retired employees. Plan obligations and annual expense calculations are based on a number of key assumptions. The assumptions, which are specific for each of our U.S. and foreign plans, are related to both the assets we hold to fund our plans (where applicable) and the characteristics of the benefits that will ultimately be provided to our employees. The most significant assumptions relative to our plan assets include the anticipated rates of return on these assets. Assumptions relative to our pension obligations are more varied; they include estimated discount rates, rates of compensation increases for employees, and mortality, employee turnover and other related demographic data. Projected health care and life insurance obligations also rely on the above mentioned demographic assumptions and assumptions surrounding health care cost trends. Actual results that differ from the assumptions are generally accumulated and amortized over future periods and could therefore affect the recognized expense and recorded obligation in such future periods. However, cash flow requirements may be different from the amounts of expense that are recorded in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Litigation and Contingencies 
 We are involved in litigation in the ordinary course of business, including personal injury and environmental litigation. After consultation with counsel, as appropriate, we accrue a liability for litigation when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The estimated reserves are recorded based on our best estimate of the liability associated with such matters or the low end of the estimated range of liability if we are unable to identify a better estimate within that range. Our best estimate is determined through the evaluation of various information, including claims, settlement offers, demands by government agencies, estimates performed by independent third parties, identification of other responsible parties and an assessment of their ability to contribute, and our prior experience. Litigation is highly uncertain and there is always the possibility of an unusual result in any particular case that may reduce our earnings and cash flows. 
 The most significant reserves that we have established are for environmental remediation and respirator litigation claims. The amount accrued for environmental matters reflects our assumptions about remediation requirements at the contaminated sites, the nature of the remedies, the outcome of discussions with regulatory agencies and other potentially responsible parties at multi-party sites, and the number and financial viability of other potentially responsible parties. These liabilities can be affected by the availability of new information, changes in the assumptions on which the accruals are based, unanticipated government enforcement action or changes in applicable government laws and regulations, which could result in higher or lower costs. 
 27 
 
    Our current estimate of the cost of our share of existing and future respirator liability claims is based on facts and circumstances existing at this time. Developments that could affect our esti  mate include, but are not limited to, (i) significant changes in the number of future claims, (ii) changes in the rate of dismissals without payment of pending claims, (iii) significant changes in the average cost of resolving claims, (iv) significant chan  ges in the legal costs of defending these claims, (v) changes in the nature of claims received, (vi) changes in the law and procedure applicable to these claims, (vii) the financial viability of other parties which contribute to the settlement of respirato  r claims, (viii) a change in the availability of insurance coverage maintained by certain of the other parties which contribute to the settlement of respirator claims, or the indemnity provided by a former owner of the business, (ix) changes in the allocat  ion of costs among the various parties paying legal and settlement costs and (x) a determination that the assumptions that were used to estimate our share of liability are no longer reasonable. We cannot determine the impact of these potential developments   on our current estimate of our share of liability for these existing and future claims. Accordingly, the actual amount of these liabilities for existing and future claims could be different than the reserved amount.  
 Property, Plant and Equipment    
 Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives. The depreciable lives for buildings, machinery and equipment, and other fixed assets are twenty to twenty-five years, ten to twenty-five years, and three to twenty-five years, respectively. The cost and accumulated depreciation for property, plant and equipment sold, retired, or otherwise disposed of are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and resulting gains or losses are included in earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expenses as incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments, which significantly extend the useful lives of existing plant and equipment, are capitalized and depreciated.    
 Income Taxes 
 Our business operations are global in nature, and we are subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Tax laws and tax rates vary substantially in these jurisdictions and are subject to change based on the political and economic climate in those countries. We file our tax returns in accordance with our interpretations of each jurisdiction s tax laws. 
 Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and recording the related tax assets and liabilities. In the ordinary course of our business, there are operational decisions, transactions, facts and circumstances, and calculations which make the ultimate tax determination uncertain. Furthermore, our tax positions are periodically subject to challenge by taxing authorities throughout the world. We have recorded reserves for taxes and associated interest and penalties that may become payable in future years as a result of audits by tax authorities. Any significant impact as a result of changes in underlying facts, law, tax rates, tax audit, or review could lead to adjustments to our income tax expense, our effective tax rate, and/or our cash flow. 
 We record benefits for uncertain tax positions based on an assessment of whether the position is more likely than not to be sustained by the taxing authorities. If this threshold is not met, no tax benefit of the uncertain tax position is recognized. If the threshold is met, the tax benefit that is recognized is the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This analysis presumes the taxing authorities  full knowledge of the positions taken and all relevant facts, but does not consider the time value of money. We also accrue for interest and penalties on these uncertain tax positions and include such charges in the income tax provision in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Additionally, we have established valuation allowances against a variety of deferred tax assets, including net operating loss carry-forwards, foreign tax credits, and other income tax credits. Valuation allowances take into consideration our ability to use these deferred tax assets and reduce the value of such items to the amount that is deemed more likely than not to be recoverable. Our ability to utilize these deferred tax assets is dependent on achieving our forecast of future taxable operating income over an extended period of time. We review our forecast in relation to actual results and expected trends on a quarterly basis. Failure to achieve our operating income targets may change our assessment regarding the recoverability of our net deferred tax assets and such change could result in a valuation allowance being recorded against some or all of our net deferred tax assets. An increase in a valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense, while a release of valuation allowances in periods when these tax attributes become realizable would reduce our income tax expense.  
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 We have other significant accounting policies that are discussed in Note A of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 below. Certain of these policies include the use of estimates, but do not meet the definition of critical because they generally do not require estimates or judgments that are as difficult or subjective to measure. However, these policies are important to an understanding of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

28 
 
    Results of Operations  
 Cabot is organized into four reportable business segments: Reinforcement Materials, Performance Chemicals, Purification Solutions, and Specialty Fluids. Cabot is also organized for operational purposes into three geographic regions: the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa; and Asia Pacific. The discussions of our results of operations for the periods presented reflect these structures. 
 Our analysis of financial condition and operating results should be read with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Unless a calendar year is specified, all references to years in this discussion are to our fiscal years ended September 30. 
 Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 When discussing our results of operations, we use several terms as described below. 
 The term  product mix  refers to the mix of types and grades of products sold or the mix of geographic regions where products are sold, and the positive or negative impact this has on the revenue or profitability of the business and/or segment. 
 The term  LIFO  includes two factors: (i) the impact of current inventory costs being recognized immediately in Cost of sales under a last-in first-out method, compared to the older costs that would have been included in Cost of sales under a first-in first-out method ( Cost of sales impact  and (ii) the impact of reductions in inventory quantities, causing historical inventory costs to flow through Cost of sales ( liquidation impact ). 
 Our discussion under the heading  Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes and Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate to Operating Tax Rate  includes a discussion of our  effective tax rate  and our  operating tax rate  and includes a reconciliation of the two rates. Our operating tax rate is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered as an alternative to our effective tax rate, the most comparable GAAP financial measure. In calculating our operating tax rate, we exclude discrete tax items, which include: i) unusual or infrequent items such as a significant release or establishment of a valuation allowance, ii) items related to uncertain tax positions such as the tax impact of audit settlements, interest on tax reserves, and the release of tax reserves from the expiration of statutes of limitations, and iii) other discrete tax items, such as the tax impact of legislative changes and, on a quarterly basis, the timing of losses in certain jurisdictions and the cumulative rate adjustment, if applicable. We also exclude the tax impact of certain items, as defined below in the discussion of Total segment EBIT, on both operating income and the tax provision. Our definition of the operating tax rate may not be comparable to the definition used by other companies. Management believes that the non-GAAP financial measure is useful supplemental information because it helps our investors compare our tax rate year to year on a consistent basis and understand what our tax rate on current operations would be without the impact of these items. 
 Our discussion under the heading  Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014 By Business Segment  includes a discussion of Total segment EBIT, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker, who is our President and Chief Executive Officer, uses segment EBIT to evaluate the operating results of each segment and to allocate resources to the segments. We believe Total segment EBIT, which reflects the sum of EBIT from our four reportable segments, provides useful supplemental information for our investors as it is an important indicator of the Company s operational strength and performance, allows investors to see our results through the eyes of management, and provides context for our discussion of individual business segment performance. Total segment EBIT should not be considered an alternative for Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. A reconciliation of Total segment EBIT to Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies is provided in Note U of our Consolidated Financial Statements. Investors should consider the limitations associated with this non-GAAP measure, including the potential lack of comparability of this measure from one company to another. 
 29 
 
    In calculating Total segment EBIT, we exclude   from our   Income   (loss)   from continuing operations before i  ncome taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies     (i) items of expense and income that management does not consider     representative of our fundamental on-going segment results, which we refer to as  certain items , and (ii) items that, because they     are not controlled by the business segments and primarily benefit corporate objectives, are not allocated to our business segments,     such as interest expense and other corporate costs, which include unallocated corporate overhead expenses such as certain     c  orporate salaries and headquarter expenses, plus costs related to special projects and initiatives, which we refer to as  other     unallocated items .     Management believes excluding the items identified as certain items facilitates operating performance     compar  isons from period to period by eliminating differences caused by the existence and timing of certain expense and income     items that would not otherwise be apparent on a GAAP basis and also facilitates an evaluation of the Company s operating     performance wit  hout the impact of these costs or benefits. The calculations of Total segment EBIT for the periods presented exclude     the impact of the following items that are included in our GAAP Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and     equity i  n   earnings   of affiliated c  ompanies  :  

Global restructuring activities include costs or benefits associated with cost reduction initiatives or plant closures and are primarily related to (i) employee termination costs, (ii) asset impairment charges associated with restructuring actions, (iii) costs to close facilities, including environmental costs and contract termination penalties and (iv) gains realized on the sale of land or equipment associated with restructured plants or locations.     

Foreign currency loss on devaluation represents the impact of government controlled currency devaluations on the Company s net monetary assets denominated in that currency. Most recently this has applied to currency exchange rate changes in Argentina and Venezuela.      

Legal and environmental matters and reserves consist of costs or benefits for matters typically related to former businesses or that are otherwise incurred outside of the ordinary course of business.     

Executive transition costs include incremental charges, including stock compensation charges, associated with the retirement or termination of employment of senior executives of the Company.     

Asset impairment charges primarily include charges associated with an impairment of goodwill or other long-lived assets.     

Acquisition and integration-related charges include transaction costs, redundant costs incurred during the period of integration, and costs associated with transitioning certain management and business processes to Cabot s processes.     

Employee benefit plan settlement charges consist of the costs associated with transferring the obligations and assets held by one of the Company s defined benefit plans to a multi-employer plan.     

 Drivers of Demand and Key Factors Affecting Profitability 
 Drivers of demand and key factors affecting our profitability differ by segment. In Reinforcement Materials, longer term demand is driven primarily by: i) the number of vehicle miles driven globally; ii) the number of original equipment and replacement tires produced; and iii) the number of automotive builds. Over the past several years, operating results have been driven by a number of factors, including: i) increases or decreases in our sales volumes driven by changes in production levels for tires or industrial rubber products and the level at which we service that demand; ii) changes in raw material costs and our ability to adjust the sales price for our products commensurate with changes in raw material costs; iii) changes in pricing and product mix dependent on the level of price increases or decreases to customers as well as the mix of products sold or the region in which they are sold; iv) global and regional capacity utilization for carbon black; v) fixed cost savings achieved through restructuring and other cost saving activities; vi) the growth of our volumes and market position in emerging economies; vii) capacity management and technology investments, including the impact of energy utilization and yield improvement technologies at our manufacturing facilities; and viii) royalties and technology payments related to our patented elastomer composites technology that is used in tire applications. 
 In Performance Chemicals, longer term demand is driven primarily by the construction and infrastructure, automotive, electronics and consumer products industries. In recent years, operating results in Performance Chemicals have been driven by: i) increases or decreases in sales volumes to the industries previously noted; ii) our ability to deliver differentiated products that drive enhanced performance in customers  applications; iii) our ability to obtain value pricing for this differentiation; iv) the cost of new capacity; and v) the adoption of new products for use in our customers  applications. 
 In Purification Solutions, longer term demand is driven primarily by the demand for activated carbon based solutions for water, gas and air, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages, catalysts and other chemical applications. Operating results in Purification Solutions have been influenced by: i) changes in our sales volumes in the various applications previously noted; ii) the amount of coal-based power generation utilized in the U.S. and the regulation of those utilities; iii) management of our operations, including inventory levels, and the commensurate costs; iv) changes in price and product mix; and v) industry capacity utilization. 
 30 
 
    In Specialty Fluids, demand for cesium formate is primarily driven by the level of drilling activity for high pressure oil and gas wel  ls and by the petroleum industry s acceptance of our product as a drilling and completion fluid for this application. Operating results in Specialty Fluids   are   influenced by the   number of drilling projects as well as the   size, type and duration of   the   dril  ling jobs     within the business  .  
 Overview of Results for Fiscal 2016 
 During fiscal 2016, Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies increased compared to fiscal 2015 largely due to the goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges related to the Purification Solutions segment that we recorded in the third quarter of fiscal 2015.  In addition, our results for fiscal 2016 as compared with results for fiscal 2015 reflect strong EBIT in the Performance Chemicals segment and the benefit from  restructuring actions taken to reduce fixed costs across the Company.  
 Fiscal 2016 compared to Fiscal 2015 and Fiscal 2015 compared to Fiscal 2014 Consolidated 
 Net Sales and other operating revenue and Gross Profit 

The $460 million decrease in net sales from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2016 was due primarily to a less favorable price and product mix (combined $398 million) and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation ($63 million). The less favorable price and product mix impact was primarily due to lower selling prices during the year from price adjustments to customers for decreases in raw materials costs. The $776 million decrease in net sales from fiscal 2014 to fiscal 2015 was due primarily to a less favorable price and product mix (combined $433 million), an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation ($203 million), a decrease in volumes ($116 million), lower elastomer composites royalties and technology payments ($10 million), and lower royalties in Purification Solutions ($3 million). The less favorable price and product mix impact was primarily due to lower selling prices during the year from price adjustments to customers for decreases in raw materials costs.  
 Gross profit decreased by $7 million in fiscal 2016 when compared to fiscal 2015 driven by lower unit margins in Reinforcement Materials and Purification Solutions partially offset by fixed cost savings. Gross profit decreased by $136 million in fiscal 2015 when compared to fiscal 2014 driven by lower margins in Reinforcement Materials and lower volumes in Specialty Fluids. 
 Selling and Administrative Expenses 

Selling and administrative expenses decreased by $7 million in fiscal 2016 when compared to fiscal 2015.The decrease was principally driven by restructuring actions taken to reduce fixed costs across the Company partially offset by an increase in the reserve for respirator liability matters and higher incentive compensation expense. Selling and administrative expenses decreased by $44 million in fiscal 2015 when compared to fiscal 2014. The decrease was principally driven by reduced spending on travel and corporate projects, lower incentive compensation expense, and lower expenses related to a 2014 restructuring in our Europe, Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) business service center. 
 Research and Technical Expenses 

Research and technical expenses decreased by $5 million in fiscal 2016 when compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to restructuring actions taken to reduce fixed costs across the Company partially offset by $5 million of costs associated with these actions. Research and technical expenses decreased by $2 million in fiscal 2015 when compared to fiscal 2014 due to lower spending on projects across the segments. 
 31 
 
    Purification Solutions Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill Impairment Charges  

The Purification Solutions long-lived assets and goodwill impairment charges recorded during fiscal 2015 are described in Note G of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Interest and Dividend Income 

Interest and dividend income increased by $1 million in fiscal 2016 when compared to fiscal 2015 and in fiscal 2015 when compared to fiscal 2014 due primarily to interest earned on higher cash balances. 
 Interest Expense 

Interest expense increased by $1 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015. The increase was primarily due to higher interest rates on commercial paper borrowings. Interest expense decreased by $2 million in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. The decrease was primarily due to the repayment of certain long-term debt.  
 Other Income (Expense) 

Other income (expense) changed during fiscal 2016 by $4 million as compared to fiscal 2015 due to a variety of items, none of which were individually material. Other income (expense) changed by $36 million during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 due primarily to a gain recognized on our existing equity investment in NHUMO ($29 million) in fiscal 2014 as a result of the NHUMO transaction and the unfavorable comparison of foreign currency movements ($6 million). 
 Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes and Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate to Operating Tax Rate 

The provision for income taxes was $34 million for fiscal 2016, resulting in an effective tax rate of 18% (refer to the effective tax rate reconciliation in Note S of our Consolidated Financial Statements). This amount included net tax benefits of $31 million, principally comprised of $31 million of tax benefits from certain items partially offset by a net charge of less than $1 million for discrete tax items. The operating tax rate for fiscal 2016 was 24%. The decrease in the operating tax rate from fiscal 2015 was largely driven by a change in the geographic mix of earnings. 
 32 
 
    The benefit for income taxes was $45 million for fiscal 2015, resulting in an effective tax rate of 12%   (refer to the   effective tax rate reconciliation in Note S   of our Consoli  dated Financial Statements  )  . This amount included net tax benefits of $107 million, principally comprised of an $80 million benefit from the impairment of the Purification Solutions segment, $14 million of benefits from other certain items and $13 million   of benefits from discrete tax items.   Refer to   Note G of   our     C  onsolidated   F  inancial   S  tatements for details of the impairment. The operating tax rate for fiscal 2015 was 26%.  
 The provision for income taxes was $92 million for fiscal 2014, resulting in an effective tax rate of 30% (refer to the effective tax rate reconciliation in Note S of our Consolidated Financial Statements). This amount included net discrete charges of $17 million, principally comprised of a $20 million valuation allowance, partially offset by a non-taxable gain of $29 million recognized on the Company s pre-existing investment in NHUMO as a result of the NHUMO transaction. This gain is reported as a certain item. Refer to Note C of our Consolidated Financial Statements for details of the transaction. The operating tax rate for fiscal 2014 was 27%. 
 The nature of the discrete tax items for the periods ended September 30, 2016, 2015, and 2014 were as follows: 

(i)   
 
 Unusual or infrequent items included tax benefits during fiscal 2016 and 2015 from the renewal of the U.S. Research and Experimentation credit, extraordinary dividends from subsidiaries (fiscal 2016 only), a claim for U.S. tax benefit (fiscal 2016 only), certain dividends from high-tax jurisdictions (fiscal 2015 only), and other non-routine items, and a tax charge during fiscal 2014 for a change in valuation allowance on beginning of year tax balance;    

(ii)   
 
 Items related to uncertain tax positions included tax benefits during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 from uncertain tax positions accrual reversals due to the expiration of statutes of limitations and settlement of tax audits, partially offset by a charge for the accrual of interest on uncertain tax positions, and;    

(iii)   
 
 Other discrete tax items included tax charges during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 for a change in valuation allowance on beginning of year tax balance (fiscal 2016 only), various return to provision true-ups related to tax return filings and changes in tax laws.    

 Our anticipated effective and operating tax rates for fiscal 2017 are 24%.  
 Cabot files U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. Cabot and certain subsidiaries are under audit in a number of jurisdictions. It is possible that some of these audits will be resolved in fiscal 2017 and could impact our anticipated effective tax rate. We have filed our tax returns in accordance with the tax laws in each jurisdiction and maintain tax reserves for uncertain tax positions. 
 Equity in Earnings of Affiliated Companies and Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest, net of tax 

Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax, decreased by $1 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 and increased by $4 million in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. The changes in both periods were primarily due to changes in earnings from our Venezuelan equity affiliate. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax, increased by $7 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 and decreased by $11 million in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 due to changes in the profitability of our joint ventures.  
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Cabot Corporation 
 In fiscal 2016, we reported net income of $149 million ($2.36 per diluted common share). In fiscal 2015, we reported a net loss of $334 million ($5.27 per diluted common share). The loss was driven by the Purification Solutions long-lived asset and goodwill impairment charges more fully discussed in Note G of our Consolidated Financial Statements. This is compared to net income of $199 million ($3.03 per diluted common share) in fiscal 2014. 
 33 
 
    Fiscal 2016   compared to   Fiscal 201  5   and Fiscal 201  5 compared to Fiscal 2014   By Business Segment  
 Total segment EBIT, certain items, other unallocated items and Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliated companies for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 are set forth in the table below. The details of certain items and other unallocated items are shown below and in Note U of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In fiscal 2016, total segment EBIT increased by $38 million when compared to fiscal 2015. The increase was driven by lower fixed costs ($64 million) and the favorable impact of foreign currency translation ($10 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact from reducing inventory levels ($36 million). 
 In fiscal 2015, total segment EBIT decreased by $115 million when compared to fiscal 2014. The decrease was driven by lower volumes ($69 million), lower unit margins ($44 million), an unfavorable comparison of foreign currency movements ($20 million), lower elastomer composites royalties and technology payments ($10 million), lower Purification Solutions royalties ($3 million) and the absence of a one-time insurance recovery in fiscal 2014 that did not repeat in fiscal 2015 in Purification Solutions ($9 million). These impacts were partially offset by lower fixed costs ($46 million). 
 Certain Items: 
 Details of the certain items for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 are as follows: 

An explanation of these items of expense and income is included in our discussion under the heading  Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial Measures . Additional information concerning several of these items is included in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements as follows:  Impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets (Note G); Global restructuring activities (Note P); Employee benefit plan settlements (Note N); and Inventory reserve adjustment (Note E).  Acquisition and integration-related charges include legal and professional fees, the incremental value of inventory as a result of purchase accounting adjustments and other expenses related to the completion of the acquisitions and the integrations of Purification Solutions and NHUMO.  Tax-related certain items include discrete tax items, the nature of which are discussed under the heading  Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes and Reconciliation of Effective Tax Rate to Operating Tax Rate , and the tax impact of certain foreign exchange losses. 
   The tax impact of certain items is determined by (1) starting with the current and deferred income tax expense or benefit, included in Net income attributable to Cabot Corporation, and (2) subtracting the tax expense or benefit on  adjusted earnings .  
 34 
 
  Adjusted earnings is defined as the pre-tax income attributable to Cabot Corporation excluding certain items. The tax expense or benefit on adjusted earnings is   calculated by applying the operating tax rate, as defined under the section Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial Measures, to adjusted earnings.  
 Other Unallocated Items: 

A discussion of items that we refer to as  other unallocated items  can be found under the heading  Definition of Terms and Non-GAAP Financial Measures . The balances of unallocated corporate costs are primarily comprised of expenditures related to managing a public company that are not allocated to the segments and corporate business development costs related to new technology efforts. The balances of General unallocated income (expense) consists of gains (losses) arising from foreign currency transactions, net of other foreign currency risk management activities, the impact of accounting for certain inventory on a LIFO basis, the profit or loss related to the corporate adjustment for unearned revenue, and the impact of including the full operating results of an equity affiliate in Purification Solutions Segment EBIT. 
 In fiscal 2016, costs from Total other unallocated items increased by $3 million when compared to fiscal 2015. The increase was primarily driven by a change of $4 million in General unallocated income (expense) due to the cost of sales impact of LIFO accounting from changes in carbon black raw material costs that resulted in an unfavorable comparison ($19 million), partially offset by the favorable impact of changes in foreign currency movements ($13 million). 
 In fiscal 2015, costs from Total other unallocated items decreased by $19 million when compared to fiscal 2014. The decrease was driven by a change of $13 million of General unallocated income (expense) due to the cost of sales impact of LIFO accounting from changes in carbon black raw material costs that resulted in a favorable comparison ($19 million) partially offset by the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency movements ($6 million). In addition, Unallocated corporate costs decreased by $8 million primarily associated with lower spending for corporate projects and lower expenses related to incentive compensation. 
 Reinforcement Materials 
 Sales and EBIT for Reinforcement Materials for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

In fiscal 2016, sales in Reinforcement Materials decreased by $399 million when compared to fiscal 2015. The decrease was principally driven by less favorable price and product mix (combined $335 million), 2% lower volumes ($27 million), and an unfavorable comparison from foreign currency translation ($37 million). The less favorable price and product mix was primarily due to lower selling prices from price adjustments to customers for decreases in raw material costs. Lower volumes were driven by lower demand in South America and Asia   due to a challenging macro-economic   environment   and the closure of our Merak, Indonesia manufacturing plant. 
 In fiscal 2015, sales in Reinforcement Materials decreased by $601 million when compared to fiscal 2014. The decrease was principally driven by a less favorable price and product mix (combined $418 million), an unfavorable comparison of foreign currency translation ($116 million), 2% lower volumes ($55 million), and lower elastomer composites royalties and technology payments ($10 million). The less favorable price and product mix was primarily due to price adjustments to customers for decreases in raw material costs, lower pricing, and a shift in regional mix from North America to Asia. Lower volumes were driven by a reduction in rubber blacks volumes from lower contractual volumes in North America and weaker demand in China and South America. The lower elastomer composites royalties and technology payments were due to the transition from a fixed to a variable royalty arrangement and lower technology milestone payments. 
   In fiscal 2016, Reinforcement Materials EBIT decreased by $6 million when compared to fiscal 2015 driven principally by lower unit margins ($23 million) and lower volumes ($10 million). The decrease was partially offset by lower fixed costs ($19 million) and a  
 35 
 
  favorable comparison from f  oreign currency translation ($9   million). Lower unit margins were driven primarily   by   lower   year over year contract pricing in the   first quarter of fiscal 2016, increased competition in Asia, unfavorable feedstock-related effects, and lower benefits generated from our energy efficiency investments as a result of lower energy prices.   The favorable foreign currency impact was mainly du  e to the translation of our local currency fixed costs in South America   to U.S. d  ollars.     Lower fixed costs were due to cost reductions as a result of restructuring actions and reduced maintenance costs.  
 In fiscal 2015, Reinforcement Materials EBIT decreased by $116 million when compared to fiscal 2014 driven principally by lower rubber blacks unit margins ($91 million), lower rubber blacks volumes ($14 million), lower elastomer composites royalties and technology payments ($10 million), and an unfavorable comparison of foreign currency translation ($7 million). The decreases were partially offset by lower rubber blacks fixed costs ($9 million). The less favorable rubber blacks unit margins were due to lower contract pricing and increased competition in Asia, negative feedstock effects from lower raw materials purchasing savings, lower benefits from our energy efficiency investments, and the impact of high cost inventory that moved through our supply chain during the first half of the year. We also experienced a less favorable sales mix, with lower sales in North America and higher sales in Asia. Lower rubber blacks fixed costs were primarily associated with cost management efforts and lower discretionary spending. 
 Performance Chemicals 
 Sales and EBIT for Performance Chemicals for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

In fiscal 2016, sales in Performance Chemicals decreased by $62 million when compared to fiscal 2015 due to a less favorable price and product mix (combined $51 million) and the unfavorable comparison from foreign currency translation ($21 million) partially offset by higher volumes ($10 million). The change in price and product mix was mainly driven by price adjustments to customers for decreases in raw material costs. 
 In fiscal 2015, sales in Performance Chemicals decreased by $95 million when compared to fiscal 2014 due to an unfavorable comparison of foreign currency translation ($64 million), and a less favorable price and product mix (combined $32 million). The change in price and product mix was mainly driven by price adjustments to customers for decreases in raw material costs. 
 In fiscal 2016, EBIT in Performance Chemicals was $47 million higher when compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to higher unit margins ($34 million) and lower fixed costs ($22 million), partially offset by the unfavorable impact of reducing inventory levels ($6 million) and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($2 million). Unit margins improved primarily due to lower raw material costs. Lower fixed costs were primarily due to cost reductions as a result of restructuring actions taken earlier in the fiscal year. 
 In fiscal 2015, EBIT in Performance Chemicals was $10 million higher when compared to fiscal 2014 due to higher unit margins ($20 million) and lower fixed costs ($8 million). The improvement in unit margins was driven by lower raw material costs. Lower fixed costs were a result of cost management efforts across the segment. These benefits were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation ($16 million) and slightly lower volumes ($2 million). Volumes were relatively flat across the segment during fiscal 2015. 
 Purification Solutions 
 Sales and EBIT for Purification Solutions for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

36 
 
    Sales in Purification Solutions   decreased by $6   million in fiscal 201  6   when compared to fiscal 201  5     primarily   due to   a     less favorable price and product mix   (  combined   $10 million)   and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation ($6   million)  , partially   offset by an increase in volumes ($1  0   million).   The   less favorable price and product mix   was due to competitive factors in certain gas and air and water applications as well as increased demand   for lower   priced products.   Higher volumes   were driven by higher demand for activated carbon in gas and air applications as   the   MATS   regulation took full effect in April 2016  .  
 Sales in Purification Solutions decreased by $19 million in fiscal 2015 when compared to fiscal 2014 due to an unfavorable comparison of foreign currency translation ($23 million), lower royalties ($3 million) and lower volumes ($3 million), partially offset by a more favorable price and product mix (combined $10 million). The more favorable price and product mix was primarily due to the implementation of price increases and an improved product mix. These price increases contributed to a decline in overall sales volumes; however, volumes sold to mercury removal customers increased due to the first wave of customers complying with the MATS regulation in April 2015. 
 EBIT in Purification Solutions decreased by $10 million in fiscal 2016 when compared to fiscal 2015 driven by  the unfavorable impact from reducing inventory levels ($29 million) and lower unit margins ($12 million)     due to a less favorable price and product mix and higher raw material costs, partially offset by lower fixed costs due to cost reduction efforts ($19 million), higher volumes ($9 million), and the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange ($3 million).  
 EBIT in Purification Solutions increased by $24 million in fiscal 2015 when compared to fiscal 2014 driven by improved unit margins ($21 million), lower fixed costs ($14 million), and the favorable comparison of foreign currency translation ($2 million). These improvements were partially offset by lower royalties ($3 million) and the absence of a one-time insurance recovery in fiscal 2014 that did not repeat in fiscal 2015 ($9 million), and lower volumes ($2 million). Higher unit margins were due to the implementation of price increases, improvement in the product mix and lower variable costs. Lower fixed costs were a result of improved operational performance, cost management efforts and $5 million of lower depreciation and amortization. 
 Specialty Fluids 
 Sales and EBIT for Specialty Fluids for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

Sales in Specialty Fluids increased by $5 million in fiscal 2016 when compared to fiscal 2015. The increase was primarily due to higher volumes ($5 million). The increase in volumes was driven by a higher level of project activity   that resulted in higher rental and sales volumes for our drilling fluids in both the North Sea and Asia. 
 Sales in Specialty Fluids decreased by $56 million in fiscal 2015 when compared to fiscal 2014. The decrease was primarily due to lower volumes ($62 million) from lower project activity levels that resulted in lower rental and sales volumes for our drilling fluids. The lower level of project activity was caused by the downturn in the oil and gas industry, which resulted in fewer investments, project delays, and stringent cost management by our customers. The decrease in volumes was partially offset by a more favorable price and product mix (combined $6 million). 
 EBIT in Specialty Fluids increased by $7 million in fiscal 2016 when compared to fiscal 2015. The increase is primarily due to higher volumes ($4 million) and lower fixed costs ($4 million) partially offset by a less favorable price and product mix ($1 million). 
 EBIT in Specialty Fluids decreased by $33 million in fiscal 2015 when compared to fiscal 2014. The decrease was primarily due to lower volumes ($46 million). In response, we improved our price and product mix ($5 million) and reduced fixed costs ($8 million) to help partially offset the lower volumes. 
 37 
 
    Outlook  
 Looking ahead to fiscal 2017, we remain focused on driving our advancing the core strategy across all of our segments. The outlook for Reinforcement Materials is mixed. We are experiencing continued strong demand in Europe and a strengthening environment in China. In North America, the long-term fundamentals for tire growth remain solid, however, the near term market is soft due to high levels of truck tire inventories in the supply chain. The South American market remains weak; however, we are beginning to see some signs of recovery in calendar year 2017. After a third record year of EBIT in the Performance Chemicals segment, we expect earnings growth in 2017 to moderate. Although volumes in fumed silica are expected to moderate, the long term fundamentals of the segment remain solid as we continue to invest for future growth. In the Purification Solutions segment, we anticipate solid performance based on the continued strong growth in the MATS related business combined with the elimination of the negative impact associated with decreased inventory levels. For the Specialty Fluids segment, we continue to pursue opportunities outside of the North Sea with a number of projects in the pipeline that support our outlook of continued solid performance in 2017. Overall, we remain confident that our strategy will deliver top-line growth consistent with our end-market participation. In addition, we will continue to invest in new product and process technology, seek to capture the operating leverage from improving plant utilizations, and pursue growth investments, including bolt-on acquisition opportunities in our existing businesses. 

Cash Flows and Liquidity 
 Overview 
 Our liquidity position, as measured by cash and cash equivalents plus borrowing availability, increased by $384 million during fiscal 2016. The increase was largely attributable to an increase in borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility, an increase in our cash balances and a reduction in outstanding commercial paper.  As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $200 million and borrowing availability under our revolving credit agreement of $1 billion. Borrowings under our revolving credit agreement, which was amended in October 2015 to increase the borrowing limit from $750 million to $1 billion, may be used for working capital, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes. There was no outstanding balance of commercial paper as of September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under our revolving credit facility including the total consolidated debt to consolidated EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) covenant. 
 We generally manage our cash and debt on a global basis to provide for working capital requirements as needed by region or site. Cash and debt are generally denominated in the local currency of the subsidiary holding the assets or liabilities, except where there are operational cash flow reasons to hold non-functional currency or debt. The vast majority of our cash and cash equivalent holdings tend to be held outside the U.S., as excess cash balances in the U.S. are generally used to repay commercial paper. 
 We anticipate sufficient liquidity from (i) cash on hand; (ii) cash flows from operating activities; and (iii) cash available from our revolving credit agreement and our commercial paper program to meet our operational and capital investment needs and financial obligations for the foreseeable future. Our liquidity derived from cash flows from operations is, to a large degree, predicated on our ability to collect our receivables in a timely manner, the cost of our raw materials, and our ability to manage inventory levels. 
 On September 27, 2016, we redeemed $300 million of 5% fixed rate debt that was issued in fiscal 2009 and had a maturity date of October 1, 2016.  In September 2016, Cabot issued $250 million in registered notes with a coupon of 3.4% that mature on September 15, 2026.  The net proceeds of this offering were $248 million after deducting discounts and issuance costs.   
 Our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows have been presented to include discontinued operations with continuing operations. Therefore, unless noted otherwise, the following discussion of our cash flows and liquidity position include both continuing and discontinued operations. 
 The following discussion of the changes in our cash balance refers to the various sections of our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities, which consists of net income adjusted for the various non-cash items included in income, changes in working capital and changes in certain other balance sheet accounts, totaled $392 million in fiscal 2016. Operating activities provided $499 million and $315 million in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
 Cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2016 was driven primarily by net income of $164 million plus $161 million of non-cash depreciation and amortization.  In addition, there was a net decrease in accounts receivable and inventories largely driven by lower raw material costs and associated price reductions.  These sources of cash were partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable.    
 38 
 
    Cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2015 was driven   primarily by   our     non-cash charges for depreciation and amortization and asset impairments, which more than offset our net loss for the period  . In addition, there was a net decrease in accounts receivable and   inventor  ies   largely driven by lower raw material   costs   and associated price reductions  .  
 Cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2014 was driven primarily by net income of $218 million plus $201 million of depreciation and amortization and $25 million of dividends from equity affiliates, $14 million of which was received from NHUMO prior to our purchase of the remaining outstanding common stock of the joint venture. These sources of cash were partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable and inventories due to higher sales and the inclusion of NHUMO balances. 
 In addition to the factors noted above, the following other elements of operations have a bearing on operating cash flows: 
 Restructurings   As of September 30, 2016, we had $5 million of total restructuring costs in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheet related to our global restructuring activities.  We made cash payments of $37 million during fiscal 2016 and received $16 million in cash payments in connection with the sale of land and land rights.  In fiscal 2017 and thereafter, we expect to make cash payments totaling approximately $8 million related to these restructuring plans.   
 During fiscal 2016, we restructured our operations in certain locations, including the closure of our carbon black manufacturing facility in Merak, Indonesia. These actions resulted in net cash outlays of approximately $29 million in fiscal 2016.    
 We may receive cash in the future from the sale of certain assets and land relating to restructured sites, which is not included in these amounts. 
 Environmental Reserves and Litigation Matters As of September 30, 2016, we have a $14 million reserve for environmental remediation costs at various sites. These sites are primarily associated with businesses divested in prior years. We anticipate that the expenditures at these sites will be made over a number of years, and will not be concentrated in any one year. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016 we have a $21 million reserve for respirator claims. These expenditures will be incurred over many years. We also have other litigation costs arising in the ordinary course of business. 
 The following table represents the estimated future payments related to our environmental reserve. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 In fiscal 2016, capital expenditures were $112 million. Major capital project expenditures were related to sustaining and compliance activities. In fiscal 2015, capital expenditures were $141 million. Major capital project expenditures were related to the completion of our lignite mine development project in the Purification Solutions segment, mine development activities for our Specialty Fluids segment, and sustaining and compliance capital projects at our operating facilities. In fiscal 2014, capital expenditures of $171 million and cash paid for NHUMO of $73 million (net of cash acquired of $7 million) were partially offset by the receipt of the final cash payment on the notes issued as part of the sale of our Supermetals business of $215 million and cash proceeds of $20 million received for the sale of our Security Materials business, which were classified as discontinued operations.  Capital expenditures were primarily related to our lignite mine development project in the Purification Solutions segment, sustaining and compliance capital projects at our operating facilities, and mine development activities for the Specialty Fluids segment. 
 Capital expenditures for fiscal 2017 are expected to be between $150 million and $175 million. Our planned capital spending program for fiscal 2017 is primarily for sustaining and compliance capital projects at our operating facilities.  
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Financing activities consumed $184 million of cash in fiscal 2016 compared to $256 million of cash in fiscal 2015 and $302 million in fiscal 2014. During fiscal 2016, our overall debt balance decreased by $68 million. The decrease was driven primarily by our redemption of our $300 million 5% fixed rate debt and a reduction in our outstanding commercial paper, partially offset by the issuance of $250 million in registered notes with a coupon of 3.4% that mature on September 15, 2026.   As of September 30, 2016, we had no outstanding notes under our commercial paper program. During fiscal 2015, our overall debt balance decreased by $78 million. The decrease was driven primarily by our repayment of certain long-term debt and commercial paper. As of September 30, 2015, we had outstanding notes under our commercial paper program in an aggregate amount of $12 million, with a weighted average interest rate of 0.36%.  
 39 
 
    The following table provides a summary of our outstanding debt.  

At September 30, 2016, we had $1 billion of availability under our credit agreement. 
 Our long-term total debt, of which $1 million is current, matures at various times as presented in Note J. The weighted-average interest rate on our fixed rate long-term debt was 3.54% as of September 30, 2016.  
 At September 30, 2016, we have provided standby letters of credit totaling $16 million, which expire throughout fiscal 2017. 
 On October 23, 2015, we entered into a credit agreement that amended and extended our $750 million revolving credit agreement (which was scheduled to mature October 3, 2019).  With this amendment and extension, we increased our borrowing availability to $1 billion.  The credit agreement matures on October 23, 2020.  The credit agreement continues to support our commercial paper program. Borrowings under the credit agreement may be used for working capital, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes.  The revolving credit agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants, a single financial covenant (consolidated total debt to consolidated EBITDA) and events of default customary for financings of this type.       
 On September 27, 2016, we redeemed $300 million of 5% fixed rate debt that was issued in fiscal 2009 and had a maturity date of October 1, 2016.  
 In September 2016, Cabot issued $250 million in registered notes with a coupon of 3.4% that mature on September 15, 2026.  The net proceeds of this offering were $248 million after deducting discounts and issuance costs.   
 Share repurchases 
 During fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, we repurchased approximately 0.8 million, 2.3 million, and 0.2 million shares of our common stock on the open market for an aggregate purchase price of $39 million, $96 million, and $11 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately 2.8 million shares available for repurchase under the Board of Directors  share repurchase authorization. 
 Dividend payments 
 In fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, we paid cash dividends on our common stock of $1.04, $0.88 and $0.84 per share, respectively. These cash dividend payments totaled $65 million in fiscal 2016, $56 million in fiscal 2015, and $54 million in fiscal 2014. 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had a consolidated pension obligation, net of the fair value of plan assets, of $170 million, comprised of $113 million for pension benefit plan liabilities and $57 million for postretirement benefit plan liabilities. 
 The $113 million of unfunded pension benefit plan liabilities is derived as follows: 

In fiscal 2016, we made cash contributions totaling approximately $10 million to our foreign pension benefit plans. In fiscal 2017, we expect to make cash contributions of $8 million to our foreign pension plans. 
 40 
 
    The $  57     million of unfunded postretirement benefit plan liabilities is comprised of $  37     million   for our U.S. and $  20   million for our foreign postretirement benefit plans. These postretirement benefit plans provide certain health care and life insurance benefits fo  r retired employees. Typical of such plans, our postretirement plans are unfunded and, therefore, have no plan assets. We fund these plans as   claims or insurance premiums come due. In fiscal 201  6  , we paid postretirement benefits of $  3   million under our U.S  . postretirement plans and $  1   million under our foreign postretirement plans. For fiscal 201  7  ,   our benefit payments for our postretirement plans are expected to be immaterial  .  
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 We had no material transactions that meet the definition of an off-balance sheet arrangement. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table sets forth our long-term contractual obligations. 

(1)    
 
 We are unable to estimate the timing of potential future payments related to our accrual for uncertain tax positions in the amount of $18 million at September 30, 2016.    

(2)    
 
 Capital lease obligations include interest.    

 Purchase commitments 
 We have entered into long-term, volume-based purchase agreements primarily for the purchase of raw materials and natural gas with various key suppliers in Reinforcement Materials, Performance Chemicals, and Purification Solutions. Under certain of these agreements the quantity of material being purchased is fixed, but the price we pay changes as market prices change. For purposes of the table above, current purchase prices have been used to quantify total commitments. 
 Capital Leases 
 We have capital lease obligations primarily for certain equipment and buildings. These obligations are payable over the next 15 years. 
 Operating Leases 
 We have operating leases primarily comprised of leases for transportation vehicles, warehouse facilities, office space, and machinery and equipment. 

41 

Item  7A.   
 
            Quantitative and Qualita  tive Disclosures About Market Risk     

 We are exposed to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates because we finance certain operations through long- and short-term borrowings and denominate our transactions in a variety of foreign currencies. Changes in these rates may have an impact on future cash flows and earnings. We manage these risks through normal operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. 
 We have policies governing our use of derivative instruments, and we do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 By using derivative instruments, we are subject to credit and market risk. The derivative instruments are booked in our balance sheet at fair value and reflect the asset or (liability) position as of September 30, 2016. If a counterparty fails to fulfill its performance obligations under a derivative contract, our exposure will equal the fair value of the derivative. Generally, when the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes Cabot, thus creating a payment risk for Cabot. We minimize counterparty credit (or repayment) risk by entering into these transactions with major financial institutions of investment grade credit rating. Our exposure to market risk is not hedged in a manner that completely eliminates the effects of changing market conditions on earnings or cash flow. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our international operations are subject to certain risks, including currency exchange rate fluctuations and government actions. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we entered into cross currency swaps designated as hedges of our net investments in certain Euro denominated subsidiaries. The following table summarizes the principal terms of our cross currency swaps, including the aggregate notional amount of the swaps, the interest rate payment we receive from and pay to our swap counterparties, the term and fair value at September 30, 2016. 

In addition, foreign currency exposures also relate to assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies other than the functional currency of a given subsidiary as well as the risk that currency fluctuations could affect the dollar value of future cash flows generated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, we use short-term forward contracts to reduce the exposure to foreign currency risk. At September 30, 2016, we had $4 million in net notional foreign currency contracts, which were denominated in Indonesian rupiah and Czech koruna. These forwards had a fair value of less than $1 million as of September 30, 2016. 
 In certain situations where we have a long-term commitment denominated in a foreign currency we may enter into appropriate financial instruments in accordance with our risk management policy to hedge future cash flow exposures. 
 The primary currencies for which we have exchange rate exposure are the Euro, Japanese Yen, Brazilian Real, and Argentine Peso. In fiscal year 2016, foreign currency translations in the aggregate increased our business segment EBIT by $10 million, the majority of which affected the results of the Reinforcement Materials segment.  The favorable impact was largely from the translation of local currency denominated operating costs to U.S. dollars in Argentina and Brazil, where the average exchange rates devalued versus the U.S. dollar during fiscal 2016. In addition, we recognized a $7 million expense in Other income (expense) in fiscal 2016 from the revaluation of monetary assets and liabilities from transactional currencies to functional currency, largely attributable to changes in the value of the Argentine Peso and the Brazilian Real during the year. 
   
 42 

Item 8.   
 
          Financial Statemen  ts and Supplementary Data     

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Description   
 
  Page      

(1)  
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations    
 
 44  

(2)  
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income    
 
 45  

(3)  
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets    
 
 46  

(4)  
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    
 
 48  

(5)  
 
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity    
 
 49  

(6)  
 
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    
 
 52  

(7)  
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    
 
 92  

43 
 
    CABOT CORPORATION  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 44 
 
    CABOT CORPORATION  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 45 
 
    CABOT CORPORATION  
     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 ASSETS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
   
 46 
 
    CABOT CORPORATION  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

47 
 
    CABOT CORPORATION  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

48 
 
    CABOT CORPORATION  
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
 (In millions, except shares in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 49 
 
    CABOT CORPORATION  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
 (In millions, except shares in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 50 
 
    CABOT CORPORATION  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY 
 (In millions, except shares in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

51 
 
        Notes to Consolidated   Financial Statements  
   
 Note A. Significant Accounting Policies 
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The significant accounting policies of Cabot Corporation ( Cabot  or  the Company ) are described below. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all disclosures and amounts in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements relate to the Company s continuing operations. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Cabot and its wholly-owned subsidiaries and majority-owned and controlled U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries. Additionally, Cabot considers consolidation of entities over which control is achieved through means other than voting rights, of which there were none in the periods presented. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less at date of acquisition. Cabot continually assesses the liquidity of cash equivalents and, as of September 30, 2016, has determined that they are readily convertible to cash. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost of all carbon black inventories in the U.S. is determined using the last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) method. The cost of Specialty Fluids inventories, which are classified as assets held for rent, is determined using the average cost method. The cost of other U.S. and non-U.S. inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method. 
 Cabot reviews inventory for both potential obsolescence and potential declines in anticipated selling prices. In this review, the Company makes assumptions about the future demand for and market value of the inventory, and based on these assumptions estimates the amount of any obsolete, unmarketable, slow moving, or overvalued inventory. Cabot writes down the value of these inventories by an amount equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated net realizable value. 
 Investments 
 The Company has investments in equity affiliates and marketable securities. As circumstances warrant, all investments are subject to periodic impairment reviews. Unless consolidation is required, investments in equity affiliates, where Cabot generally owns between 20% and 50% of the affiliate, are accounted for using the equity method. Cabot records its share of the equity affiliate s results of operations based on its percentage of ownership of the affiliate. Dividends declared from equity affiliates are a return on investment and are recorded as a reduction to the equity investment value. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, Cabot had equity affiliate investments of $53 million and $57 million, respectively. Dividends declared and received from these investments were $9 million, $14 million and $25 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
 All investments in marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value with the corresponding unrealized holding gains or losses, net of taxes, recorded as a separate component of Other comprehensive income within stockholders  equity. Unrealized losses that are determined to be other-than-temporary, based on current and expected market conditions, are recognized in earnings. The fair value of marketable securities is determined based on quoted market prices at the balance sheet dates. The cost of marketable securities sold is determined by the specific identification method. The Company s investment in marketable securities was immaterial as of both September 30, 2016 and 2015. 
 Intangible Assets and Goodwill Impairment 
 The Company records tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. Amounts paid for an acquisition are allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is comprised of the purchase price of business acquisitions in excess of the fair value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but is reviewed for impairment annually as of May 31, or when events or changes in the business environment indicate that the carrying value of the reporting unit may exceed its fair value. A reporting unit, for the purpose of the impairment test, is at or below the operating segment level, and constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by segment management. The reporting units with goodwill balances are Reinforcement Materials, Purification Solutions, and Fumed Metal Oxides. The separate businesses included within Performance Chemicals are considered separate reporting units. As such, the goodwill balance relative to Performance Chemicals is recorded in the Fumed Metal Oxides reporting unit.    
 52 
 
    For the purpose of the goodwill impairment test, the Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If an initial qualitative assessment i  dentifies that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an additional quantitative evaluation is performed under the two-step impairment test. Alternatively, the Company may elect to proceed d  irectly to the quantitative goodwill impairment test. If based on the quantitative evaluation the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs an analysis of the fair value of all assets and liabilities of the rep  orting unit. If the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill is determined to be less than its carrying amount, an impairment is recognized for the difference. The fair value of a reporting unit is based on discounted estimated future cash flows  . The fair value is also benchmarked against a market approach using the guideline public companies method. The assumptions used to estimate fair value include management s best estimates of future growth rates, operating cash flows, capital expenditures a  nd discount rates over an estimate of the remaining operating period at the reporting unit level. Should the fair value of any of the Company s reporting units decline below its carrying amount because of reduced operating performance, market declines, cha  nges in the discount rate, or other conditions, charges for impairment may be necessary.   
 When the Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test in the third quarter of fiscal 2015, the fair value of the Purification Solutions reporting unit was less than its carrying amount and the Company recorded impairment charges as a result. A discussion of this assessment and the charges recorded is included under Note G.  
 Based on the Company s most recent annual goodwill impairment test performed as of May 31, 2016, the fair values of the Reinforcement Materials and Fumed Metal Oxides reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values.  The fair value of the Purification Solutions reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by 9% at that time. The fair value of the Purification Solutions reporting unit includes certain growth assumptions that are primarily dependent on: (1) further growth in the mercury removal related portion of the business, which is largely dependent on the amount of coal-based power generation used in the United States and the continued regulation of those utilities under the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards ( MATS ) and (2) growth in demand for activated carbon products in other applications, while meeting the Company s margin expectations. Realizing these assumptions is generally driven by the macroeconomic environment, environmental regulations, and global and regional competition.  
 The Company uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. The determination of the fair value of intangible assets requires the use of significant judgment with regard to assumptions used in the valuation model. The Company estimates the fair value of identifiable acquisition-related intangible assets principally based on projections of cash flows that will arise from these assets. The projected cash flows are discounted to determine the fair value of the assets at the dates of acquisition.  
 Definite-lived intangible assets, which are comprised of trademarks, customer relationships and developed technologies, are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are reviewed for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the assets. The Company recognized an impairment on intangible assets associated with the Purification Solutions business in the third fiscal quarter of 2015 and no events have been subsequently identified that would require an additional impairment evaluation.    
 Long-lived Assets Impairment 
 The Company s long-lived assets primarily include property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, long-term investments and assets held for rent. The carrying values of long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. 
 To test for impairment of assets, the Company generally uses a probability-weighted estimate of the future undiscounted net cash flows of the assets over their remaining lives to determine if the value of the asset is recoverable. Long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which independent identifiable cash flows are determinable. 
 An asset impairment is recognized when the carrying value of the asset is not recoverable based on the analysis described above, in which case the asset is written down to its fair value. If the asset does not have a readily determinable market value, a discounted cash flow model may be used to determine the fair value of the asset. In circumstances when an asset does not have separate identifiable cash flows, an impairment charge is recorded when the Company no longer intends to use the asset. Refer to Note G regarding the results of the impairment test performed in 2015 on the long-lived assets of the Purification Solutions segment. 
 53 
 
    Property, Plant and Equipment  
 Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives. The depreciable lives for buildings, machinery and equipment, and other fixed assets are between twenty and twenty-five years, ten and twenty-five years, and three and twenty-five years, respectively. The cost and accumulated depreciation for property, plant and equipment sold, retired, or otherwise disposed of are removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets and resulting gains or losses are included in earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expenses as incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments, which significantly extend the useful lives of existing plant and equipment, are capitalized and depreciated. 
 Cabot capitalizes interest costs when they are part of the historical cost of acquiring and constructing certain assets that require a period of time to prepare for their intended use. During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, Cabot capitalized $1 million, less than $1 million and $3 million of interest costs, respectively. These amounts are amortized over the lives of the related assets when they are placed in service. 
 Assets Held for Rent 
 Assets held for rent represent Specialty Fluids cesium formate product that is available to customers in the normal course of business and at September 30, 2016 and 2015 also include $10 million and $11 million, respectively, of ore that has been mined and will be converted into cesium formate. Assets held for rent are stated at average cost. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 
 Cabot estimates incremental costs for special handling, removal and disposal of materials that may or will give rise to conditional asset retirement obligations ( ARO ) and then discounts the expected costs back to the current year using a credit adjusted risk free rate. Cabot recognizes ARO liabilities and costs when the timing and/or settlement can be reasonably estimated. The ARO reserves were   $22 million and $20 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and are included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities and Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 The functional currency of the majority of Cabot s foreign subsidiaries is the local currency in which the subsidiary operates. Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates. Income and expense items are translated at average monthly exchange rates during the year. Unrealized currency translation adjustments are included as a separate component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within stockholders  equity. 
 Realized and unrealized foreign currency gains and losses arising from transactions denominated in currencies other than the subsidiary s functional currency are reflected in earnings with the exception of (i) intercompany transactions considered to be of a long-term investment nature; and (ii) foreign currency borrowings designated as net investment hedges. Gains or losses arising from these transactions are included as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). In fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, net foreign currency transaction losses of $7 million, $8 million, and $2 million, respectively, are included in Other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Financial Instruments 
 Cabot s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, investments, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, short-term and long-term debt, and derivative instruments. The carrying values of Cabot s financial instruments approximate fair value with the exception of fixed rate long-term debt, which is recorded at amortized cost. The fair values of the Company s financial instruments are based on quoted market prices, if such prices are available. In situations where quoted market prices are not available, the Company relies on valuation models to derive fair value. Such valuation takes into account the ability of the financial counterparty to perform and the Company s own credit risk. 
 Cabot uses derivative financial instruments primarily for purposes of hedging the exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, which exist as part of its on-going business operations. Cabot does not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes, nor does it hold or issue any derivative contracts for trading purposes. All derivatives are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Where Cabot has a legal right to offset derivative settlements under a master netting agreement with a counterparty, derivatives with that counterparty are presented on a net basis. The changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded in either earnings or Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), depending on whether or not the instrument is designated as part of a hedge transaction and, if designated as part of a hedge transaction, the type of hedge transaction. The gains or losses on derivative instruments reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified to earnings in the period in which earnings are affected by the underlying hedged item. The ineffective portion of all hedges is recognized in earnings during the period in which the ineffectiveness occurs. 
 54 
 
    In accordance with   Cabot s risk management strategy, the Company may enter into certain derivative instruments that may not be designated as hedges for hedge accounting purposes. Although these derivatives are not designated as hedges, the Company believes that such instrume  nts are closely correlated with the underlying exposure, thus managing the associated risk. The Company records in earnings the gains or losses from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges. Cash movements assoc  iated with these instruments are presented in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows as Cash Flows from Operating Activities because the derivatives are designed to mitigate risk to the Company s cash flow from operations. The cash flows related to the p  rincipal amount of outstanding debt instruments are presented in the Cash Flows from Financing Activities section of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.  
 Revenue Recognition 
 Cabot recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Cabot generally is able to ensure that products meet customer specifications prior to shipment. If the Company is unable to determine that the product has met the specified objective criteria prior to shipment or if title has not transferred because of sales terms, the revenue is considered  unearned  and is deferred until the revenue recognition criteria are met. 
 Shipping and handling charges related to sales transactions are recorded as sales revenue when billed to customers or included in the sales price. Taxes collected on sales to customers are excluded from revenues. 
 The following table shows the relative size of the revenue recognized in each of the Company s reportable segments 

Cabot derives the substantial majority of its revenues from the sale of products in Reinforcement Materials and Performance Chemicals. Revenue from these products is typically recognized when the product is shipped and title and risk of loss have passed to the customer. The Company offers certain of its customers cash discounts and volume rebates as sales incentives. The discounts and volume rebates are recorded as a reduction in sales at the time revenue is recognized and are estimated based on historical experience and contractual obligations. Cabot periodically reviews the assumptions underlying its estimates of discounts and volume rebates and adjusts its revenues accordingly. 
 Revenue in Purification Solutions is typically recognized when the product is shipped and title and risk of loss have passed to the customer. For major activated carbon injection systems projects, revenue is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method. 
 Revenue in Specialty Fluids arises primarily from the rental of cesium formate. This revenue is recognized throughout the rental period based on the contracted rental terms. Customers are also billed and revenue is recognized, typically at the end of the job, for cesium formate product that is not returned. The Company also generates revenues from cesium formate sold outside of a rental process and revenue is recognized upon delivery of the fluid. 
 Cost of Sales 
 Cost of sales consists of the cost of raw and packaging materials, direct manufacturing costs, depreciation, internal transfer costs, inspection costs, inbound and outbound freight and shipping and handling costs, plant purchasing and receiving costs and other overhead expenses necessary to manufacture the products. 
 Accounts and Notes Receivable 
 Trade receivables are recorded at the invoiced amount and generally do not bear interest. Trade receivables in China may at certain times be settled with the receipt of bank issued non-interest bearing notes. These notes totaled 102 million Chinese Renminbi ( RMB ) ($15 million) and 95 million RMB ($15 million) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and are included in Accounts and notes receivable on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cabot periodically sells a portion of these bank notes and other customer receivables at a discount and such sales are accounted for as asset sales. The Company does not have any continuing involvement with these notes or other customer receivables after the sale. The difference between the proceeds from the sale and the carrying value of these assets is recognized as a loss on the sale of receivables and is included in Other income (expense) in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company recorded charges of $1 million, $3 million, and $3 million, respectively, for the sale of these assets.   
 55 
 
    Cabot maintains allowances for doubtful accounts based on an assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts, the aging of accounts receivable and other economic information   on both a historical and prospective basis. Customer account balances are charged against the allowance when it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. There were no material changes in the allowance for any of the years presented. There is no ma  terial off-balance sheet credit exposure related to customer receivable balances.  
 Stock-based Compensation 
 Cabot recognizes compensation expense for stock-based awards granted to employees using the fair value method. Under the fair value recognition provisions, stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as expense over the service period, which generally represents the vesting period, and includes an estimate of the awards that will be forfeited, and an estimate of what level of performance the Company will achieve for Cabot s performance-based stock awards. Cabot calculates the fair value of its stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of restricted stock units is determined using the closing price of Cabot stock on the day of the grant. 
 Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling and administrative expenses consist of salaries and fringe benefits of sales and office personnel, general office expenses and other expenses not directly related to manufacturing operations. 
 Research and Technical Expenses 
 Research and technical expenses include salaries, equipment and material expenditures, and contractor fees and are expensed as incurred. 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred income taxes are determined based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that realization of those assets is considered to be more likely than not. 
 A valuation allowance is established for deferred taxes when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Provisions are made for the U.S. income tax liability and additional non-U.S. taxes on the undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries, except for amounts Cabot has designated to be indefinitely reinvested. 
 Cabot records benefits for uncertain tax positions based on an assessment of whether the position is more likely than not to be sustained by the taxing authorities. If this threshold is not met, no tax benefit of the uncertain tax position is recognized. If the threshold is met, the tax benefit that is recognized is the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. This analysis presumes the taxing authorities  full knowledge of the positions taken and all relevant facts, but does not consider the time value of money. The Company also accrues for interest and penalties on its uncertain tax positions and includes such charges in its income tax provision in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income, which is included as a component of stockholders  equity, includes unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale marketable securities and derivative instruments, currency translation adjustments in foreign subsidiaries, translation adjustments on foreign equity securities and minimum pension liability adjustments. 
 Environmental Costs 
 Cabot accrues environmental costs when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. When a single liability amount cannot be reasonably estimated, but a range can be reasonably estimated, Cabot accrues the amount that reflects the best estimate within that range or the low end of the range if no estimate within the range is better. The amount accrued reflects Cabot s assumptions about remediation requirements at the contaminated site, the nature of the remedy, the outcome of discussions with regulatory agencies and other potentially responsible parties at multi-party sites, and the number and financial viability of other potentially responsible parties. Cabot does not reduce its estimated liability for possible recoveries from insurance carriers. Proceeds from insurance carriers are recorded when realized by either the receipt of cash or a contractual agreement. 
 56 
 
    Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Note B. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued a new standard,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. The standard requires entities to recognize revenue when they transfer promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. This standard is applicable for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and for interim periods within those years and early adoption is permitted for the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company expects to adopt this standard on October 1, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard may have on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In April 2015, the FASB issued a new standard simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs by requiring debt issuance costs to be presented as a reduction of the corresponding debt liability. This will make the presentation of debt issuance costs consistent with the presentation of debt discounts or premiums. This standard is applicable for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and for interim periods within those years and early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this standard on October 1, 2016. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In November 2015, the FASB issued a new standard that amends the existing accounting standard for income taxes and simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes.  This will require that deferred income tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet.  This standard is applicable for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and for interim periods within those years and early adoption is permitted.  The Company is evaluating this standard and the timing of its adoption. The adoption of this standard is not expected to materially impact the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued a new standard for the accounting for leases.  This new standard requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for most leases, but recognize expenses on their income statements in a manner that is similar to the current accounting treatment for leases. The standard is applicable for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and for interim periods within those years and early adoption is permitted.  The Company expects to adopt the standard on October 1, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued a new standard that amends the accounting standard for stock compensation by simplifying several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the related accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and the withholding of shares to satisfy the employer s tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statements of cash flows.  The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those years and early adoption is permitted.  The Company is evaluating this standard and the timing of its adoption. The adoption of this standard is not expected to materially impact the Company s consolidated financial statements.   
 In August 2016, the FASB issued final amendments to clarify how entities should classify certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows such as distributions received from equity method investees, proceeds from settlement of insurance claims, and proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance.  The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those years and early adoption is permitted.  The Company is evaluating this standard and the timing of its adoption. The adoption of this standard is not expected to materially impact the Company s consolidated financial statements.   

57 
 
    Note C. Acquisition of NHUMO  
 In November 2013, the Company purchased all of Grupo KUO S.A.B. de C.V. s (KUO) common stock in the former NHUMO joint venture, which represented approximately 60% of the outstanding common stock of the joint venture. Prior to this transaction, the Company owned approximately 40% of the outstanding common stock of NHUMO, and the NHUMO entity was accounted for as an equity affiliate of the Company. Upon acquisition, the Company began consolidating NHUMO into its consolidated financial statements. 
 At the close of the transaction, the Company paid KUO $80 million in cash and NHUMO issued redeemable preferred stock to KUO with a redemption value of $25 million. The preferred stock accumulates dividends at a fixed rate of 6% annually and is redeemable at the option of KUO or the Company for $25 million starting in November 2018 or upon the occurrence of certain other conditions. Annual payment by NHUMO of the dividends is contingent on NHUMO achieving a minimum EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) level and if such minimum EBITDA is not achieved in any year, the dividend will be accumulated and paid at the time the preferred shares are redeemed. The minimum EBITDA was achieved in 2014, 2015 and 2016. A dividend payment of $1.5 million was made in both December 2015 and 2014. A dividend payment of $1.5 million is due in December 2016. The preferred stock issued in connection with the transaction is not mandatorily redeemable and has embedded put and call rights at the fixed redemption price. Accordingly, the instrument is accounted for as a financing obligation and has been separately presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a long-term liability. Prior to closing, the Company received a $14 million dividend from NHUMO.   
 As of September 2014, the Company completed the valuation of its assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price is based on the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and Cabot s previously held equity interest in NHUMO as of the acquisition date. The following table presents the components and allocation of the purchase price: 

(Dollars in millions)  

Assets  

Current assets  

$  
 
 54  

Property, plant and equipment  

48  

Other non-current assets  

1  

Intangible assets  

63  

Goodwill  

45  

Total assets acquired  

211  

Liabilities  

Accounts payable, accruals and other liabilities  

(20  
 
 )  

Deferred tax liabilities - long-term  

(29  
 
 )  

Total liabilities assumed  

(49  
 
 )  

Net assets acquired  

$  
 
 162  

Cash consideration paid  

80  

Fair value of redeemable preferred stock  

28  

Previously held equity interest in NHUMO  

54  

Total  

$  
 
 162  

As a result of the acquisition, the Company recorded a gain of $29 million for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the previously held equity interest in NHUMO, which was included in Other income (expense) in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. The fair value of $54 million for the previously held equity interest was determined based on the fair value of Cabot s pre-existing interest in NHUMO as adjusted for a control premium derived from synergies gained as a result of the Company obtaining control of NHUMO. 
 As part of the purchase price allocation, the Company determined that a separately identifiable intangible asset was customer relationships in the amount of $63 million, which is being amortized over a period of 20 years. The Company estimated the fair value of the identifiable acquisition-related intangible asset based on projections of cash flows that will arise from the asset. The projected cash flows were discounted to determine the fair value of the asset at the date of acquisition. The determination of the fair value of the intangible asset acquired required the use of significant judgment with regard to assumptions in the discounted cash flow model used. 
 The fair value of the redeemable preferred stock was determined based on a discounted cash flow model, using the expected timing of the cash flows and an appropriate discount rate. 
 58 
 
    The excess of the purchase price, which includes the cash consideration paid and the fair values of redeemable preferred stock and the previously held equity interest in NHUMO, over the fair value of the tangib  le net assets and intangible asset acquired, was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill recognized was attributable to the expected growth and operating synergies that the Company expects to realize from this acquisition. Goodwill generated from the acquisitio  n was not deductible for tax purposes.  

Note D. Discontinued Operations 
 In January 2012, the Company sold its Supermetals business to Global Advanced Metals Pty Ltd., an Australian company, and in July 2014, the Company sold its Security Materials business to SICPA SA. The Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented have been recast to reflect the Security Materials business in discontinued operations. Both businesses are reflected in discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for all periods presented. In fiscal 2014, Cabot received the final payment related to the sale of the Supermetals business in the amount of $215 million. 
 During fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, Cabot recorded $1 million, $2 million, and $2 million, respectively, of income from discontinued operations related to sales of businesses that occurred in prior years. 

Note E. Inventories 
 Inventories, net of LIFO, obsolete, unmarketable and slow moving reserves, are as follows: 

Inventories valued under the LIFO method comprised approximately 8% and 6% of total inventories at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the LIFO reserve was $27 million and $30 million, respectively. Other inventory is comprised of certain spare parts and supplies. 
 During fiscal 2015, inventory quantities carried on a LIFO basis were decreased at the Company s U.S. carbon black sites. These reductions led to liquidations of LIFO inventory quantities and resulted in an increase of Cost of sales of $1 million and a decrease in consolidated Net income of $1 million ($0.01 per diluted common share). No such reductions occurred in fiscal 2016 or 2014. 
 Cabot reviews inventory for both obsolescence and loss of value periodically. In this review, Cabot makes assumptions about the future demand for and market value of the inventory and, based on these assumptions, estimates the amount of obsolete, unmarketable or slow moving inventory. Total inventory reserves were $20 million as of both September 30, 2016 and 2015.  During fiscal year 2015, the Company recorded a lower of cost or market reserve in the amount of $6 million related to its Purification Solutions inventory held in Marshall, Texas. As of September 30, 2016, the remaining balance of this reserve is $5 million. 

Note F. Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Property, plant and equipment consists of the following: 

Depreciation expense was $154 million, $169 million and $184 million for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

59 
 
    Note G. Purification   Solutions Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets Impairment Charges  
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2015 and as a result of the impairment tests performed on goodwill and long-lived assets of the Purification Solutions reporting unit, the Company recorded impairment charges and an associated tax benefit in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows: 

Year Ended  

September 30, 2015  

(Dollars in millions)  

Purification Solutions goodwill impairment charge  

$  
 
 352  

Purification Solutions long-lived assets impairment charge  

210  

Benefit for income taxes  

(80  
 
 )  

Impairment charges, after tax  

$  
 
 482  

In determining the fair value of the Purification Solutions reporting unit, the Company used an income approach (a discounted cash flow analysis) which incorporated significant estimates and assumptions related to future periods, including the timing of the MATS implementation, the anticipated size of the mercury removal industry, and growth rates and pricing assumptions of activated carbon, among others. In addition, an estimate of the reporting unit s weighted average cost of capital ( WACC ) was used to discount future estimated cash flows to their present value. The WACC was based upon externally available data considering market participants  cost of equity and debt, optimal capital structure and risk factors specific to the Purification Solutions reporting unit. Based on these estimates and as part of step one of the annual impairment test, the Company determined that the estimated fair value of the Purification Solutions reporting unit was lower than the reporting unit's carrying value. As such, the reporting unit failed step one of the goodwill impairment test. The Company then proceeded to step two.  
 Step two of the goodwill impairment test requires the Company to perform a theoretical purchase price allocation for the reporting unit to determine the implied fair value of goodwill and to compare the implied fair value of goodwill to the recorded amount of goodwill. The estimate of fair value is complex and requires significant judgment. Accounting guidance provides that a company should recognize an estimated impairment charge to the extent that it determines that it is probable that an impairment loss has occurred and such impairment can be reasonably estimated. Based on the best estimate as of June 30, 2015, the Company recorded a pre-tax goodwill impairment charge of $353 million. The Company completed the step two analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, which resulted in recording a credit of $1 million to the pre-tax goodwill impairment charge.  
 Based on the same factors leading to the goodwill impairment, the Company also considered whether the reporting unit's carrying values of definite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment may not be recoverable or whether the carrying value of certain indefinite-lived intangible assets were impaired. The Company used the income approach to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are the trademarks of Purification Solutions, and determined that the fair value of these intangible assets was lower than their carrying value. As such, an impairment loss was recorded in the amount of $39 million. Subsequent to this impairment analysis, the Company concluded that such assets no longer had an indefinite life and began amortizing these assets over their estimated useful life.  The Company also performed an impairment analysis to assess if definite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment were recoverable based on the estimated undiscounted cash flows of the reporting unit, and determined that these cash flows were not sufficient to recover the carrying value of the long-lived assets over their remaining useful lives. Accordingly, an impairment charge was recorded based on the lower of the carrying amount or fair value of the long-lived assets. The Company used the income approach to determine the fair value of the definite-lived intangible assets and a combination of the cost and market approaches to fair value its property, plant and equipment. The Company recorded impairment charges of $119 million and $51 million, to its definite-lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment, respectively, in the quarter ended June 30, 2015. The Company completed the impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 which resulted in increasing the property, plant and equipment impairment charge by $1 million to $52 million. Therefore, for the year ended September 30, 2015, the long-lived assets impairment charge was $210 million.   
 In connection with the long-lived assets impairment charges, the Company recorded a deferred tax benefit of $80 million to its income tax provision in fiscal 2015. 

60 
 
    Note H. Goodwill and Intangible Assets  
 Cabot had goodwill balances of $152 million and $154 million at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The carrying amount of goodwill attributable to each reportable segment with goodwill balances and the changes in those balances during the period ended September 30, 2016 are as follows: 

The following table provides information regarding the Company s intangible assets: 

Intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, which range from fourteen to twenty-five years, with a weighted average amortization period of approximately nineteen years. Amortization expense for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $7 million, $14 million and $17 million, respectively, and is included in Cost of sales and Selling and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total amortization expense is estimated to be approximately $7 million each year for the next five fiscal years. 

Note I. Accounts Payable, Accrued Liabilities and Other Liabilities 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities included in current liabilities consist of the following: 

Other long-term liabilities consist of the following: 

61 
 
    Note J. Debt and Other Obligations  
 Long-term Obligations 
 The Company s long-term obligations, the fiscal year in which they mature and their respective interest rates are summarized below: 

Revolving Credit Facility  The amount available for borrowing under the revolving credit agreement, after consideration of letters of credit and commercial paper outstanding, was $1 billion as of September 30, 2016. The revolving credit agreement, which matures on October 23, 2020, subject to two one-year options to extend on the first and second anniversaries of the effective date, supports the Company s commercial paper program. Borrowings may be used for working capital, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes. The revolving credit agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants, a single financial covenant (consolidated total debt to consolidated EBITDA, as defined in the credit agreement) and events of default customary for financings of this type.  
 Chinese Renminbi Debt  The Company s consolidated Chinese subsidiaries had $4 million and $5 million of unsecured long-term debt outstanding with a noncontrolling shareholder of a consolidated subsidiary as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. The Company has the ability and intent to renew the Chinese Renminbi Debt to extend the maturity date beyond 2017 and therefore continues to classify the debt as long-term.  
 5% Notes  In fiscal 2009, Cabot issued $300 million in registered notes with a coupon of 5% and a maturity date of October 1, 2016. Cabot redeemed these notes effective September 27, 2016.  These notes were unsecured and paid interest on April 1 and October 1. The net proceeds of this offering were $296 million after deducting discounts and issuance costs. The discount of approximately $2 million was recorded at issuance and was amortized over the life of the notes.  
 2.55% Notes due fiscal 2018  In July 2012, Cabot issued $250 million in registered notes with a coupon of 2.55% that mature on January 15, 2018. These notes are unsecured and pay interest on January 15 and July 15. The net proceeds of this offering were $248 million after deducting discounts and issuance costs. The discount of less than $1 million was recorded at issuance and is being amortized over the life of the notes.  
 3.7% Notes due fiscal 2022  In July 2012, Cabot issued $350 million in registered notes with a coupon of 3.7% that mature on July 15, 2022. These notes are unsecured and pay interest on January 15 and July 15. The net proceeds of this offering were $347 million after deducting discounts and issuance costs. The discount of less than $1 million was recorded at issuance and is being amortized over the life of the notes.  
 62 
 
    3.4% Notes due fiscal 2026     In September 2016, Cabot issued $250 million in registered notes with a coupon of 3.4% that mature on September 15, 2026.  These notes are unsecured and pay interest on Mar  ch 15 and September 15.  The net proceeds of this offering were $248 million after deducting discounts and issuance costs.  The discount of less than $1 million was recorded at issuance and is being amortized over the life of the notes.  
 Medium Term Notes  At both September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were $53 million of unsecured medium term notes outstanding issued to numerous lenders with various fixed interest rates and maturity dates. The weighted average maturity of the total outstanding medium term notes is 5 years with a weighted average interest rate of 7.65%.  
 Capital Lease Obligations  Cabot had capital lease obligations for certain equipment and buildings with a recorded value of $13 million and $14 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Cabot will make payments totaling $20 million over the next 15 years, including $7 million of imputed interest. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the original cost of capital lease assets was $18 million and $20 million, respectively, and the associated accumulated depreciation of assets under capital leases was $10 million and $9 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The amortization related to those assets under capital lease is included in depreciation expense.  
 Future Years Payment Schedule 
 The aggregate principal amounts of long-term debt and capital lease obligations due in each of the five years from fiscal 2017 through 2021 and thereafter are as follows: 

Standby letters of credit  At September 30, 2016, the Company had provided standby letters of credit that were outstanding and not drawn totaling $16 million, which expire through fiscal 2017.  
 Short-term Obligations 
 Short-term Notes Payable  The Company had unsecured notes with maturities of less than one year of $7 million and $22 million as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on short-term notes payable, including commercial paper, was 9.5% and 4.6% as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 The Company has a commercial paper program and the maximum aggregate balance of commercial paper notes outstanding and the amounts borrowed under the revolving credit facility may not exceed the borrowing capacity of $1 billion under the revolving credit facility. The proceeds from the issuance of the commercial paper have been used for general corporate purposes, which may include working capital, refinancing existing indebtedness, capital expenditures, share repurchases, and acquisitions. The revolving credit facility is available to repay the outstanding commercial paper, if necessary .  
 The outstanding balance of commercial paper, included within the Notes payable caption on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was $12 million as of September 30, 2015 bearing a weighted-average interest rate of 0.36% with a weighted-average maturity of 1 day. There was no outstanding balance of commercial paper as of September 30, 2016 

63 
 
    Note K. Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements  
 The FASB authoritative guidance on fair value measurements defines fair value, provides a framework, for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and requires certain disclosures about fair value measurements. The disclosures focus on the inputs used to measure fair value. The guidance establishes the following hierarchy for categorizing these inputs: 

Level 1  

Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities  

Level 2  

Significant other observable inputs (e.g., quoted prices for similar items in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar items in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable such as interest rate and yield curves, and market-corroborated inputs)  

Level 3  

Significant unobservable inputs  

There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3, during fiscal 2016 or 2015. 
 At September 30, 2016 Cabot has derivatives relating to foreign currency risks carried at fair value and included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets of $1 million. At September 30, 2015 derivatives relating to foreign currency risks carried at fair value were immaterial and were presented in Prepaid expenses and other current assets. These derivatives are classified as Level 2 instruments within the fair value hierarchy as the fair value determination was based on observable inputs.    
 At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the fair value of Guaranteed investment contracts, included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was $12 million for each period. Guaranteed investment contracts were classified as Level 2 instruments within the fair value hierarchy as the fair value determination was based on other observable inputs. 
 At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and notes payable and variable rate debt approximated their carrying values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value and fair value of the long-term fixed rate debt were $0.91 billion and $0.98 billion, respectively, as of September 30, 2016. The carrying value and fair value of the long-term fixed rate debt were $0.96 billion and $1.02 billion, respectively, as of September 30, 2015. The fair values of Cabot s fixed rate long-term debt are estimated based on comparable quoted market prices at the respective period ends. The carrying amounts of Cabot s floating rate long-term debt and capital lease obligations approximate their fair values. All such measurements are based on observable inputs and are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The valuation technique used is the discounted cash flow model. 

Note L. Derivatives 
 Risk Management 
 Cabot s business operations are exposed to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices because Cabot finances certain operations through long and short-term borrowings, denominates transactions in a variety of foreign currencies and purchases certain commoditized raw materials. Changes in these rates and prices may have an impact on future cash flows and earnings. The Company manages these risks through normal operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. 
 The Company has policies governing the use of derivative instruments and does not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 By using derivative instruments, Cabot is subject to credit and market risk. If a counterparty fails to fulfill its performance obligations under a derivative contract, Cabot s credit risk will equal the fair value of the derivative. Generally, when the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes Cabot, thus creating a payment risk for Cabot. The Company minimizes counterparty credit (or repayment) risk by entering into transactions with major financial institutions of investment grade credit rating. Cabot s exposure to market risk is not hedged in a manner that completely eliminates the effects of changing market conditions on earnings or cash flow. No significant concentration of credit risk existed at September 30, 2016. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 Cabot s objective is to maintain a certain fixed-to-variable interest rate mix on the Company s debt obligations. Cabot may enter into interest rate swaps as a hedge of the underlying debt instruments to effectively change the characteristics of the interest rate without changing the debt instrument. As of both September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were no derivatives held to manage interest rate risk. 
 64 
 
    Foreign Currency Risk Management  
 Cabot s international operations are subject to certain risks, including currency exchange rate fluctuations and government actions. Cabot endeavors to match the currency in which debt is issued to the currency of the Company s major, stable cash receipts. In some situations Cabot has issued debt denominated in U.S. dollars and then entered into cross currency swaps that exchange the dollar principal and interest payments into Euro denominated principal and interest payments. 
 Additionally, the Company has foreign currency exposure arising from its net investments in foreign operations. Cabot may enter into cross currency swaps to mitigate the impact of currency rate changes on the Company s net investments. 
 The Company also has foreign currency exposure arising from the denomination of monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies other than the functional currency of a given subsidiary as well as the risk that currency fluctuations could affect the dollar value of future cash flows generated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, Cabot uses short-term forward contracts to minimize the exposure to foreign currency risk. In certain situations where the Company has forecasted purchases under a long-term commitment or forecasted sales denominated in a foreign currency, Cabot may enter into appropriate financial instruments in accordance with the Company s risk management policy to hedge future cash flow exposures. 
 The following table provides details of the derivatives held as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 to manage foreign currency risk. 

(1)    
 
 Cabot s forward foreign exchange contracts are denominated primarily in the Indonesian rupiah, Czech koruna, and British pound sterling.    

 Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 The Company determines the fair value of financial instruments using quoted market prices whenever available. When quoted market prices are not available for various types of financial instruments (such as forwards, options and swaps), the Company uses standard models with market-based inputs, which take into account the present value of estimated future cash flows and the ability of Cabot or the financial counterparty to perform. For interest rate and cross currency swaps, the significant inputs to these models are interest rate curves for discounting future cash flows and are adjusted for credit risk. For forward foreign currency contracts, the significant inputs are interest rate curves for discounting future cash flows, and exchange rate curves of the foreign currency for translating future cash flows. 
 Fair Value Hedge 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in current period earnings. 
 Cash Flow Hedge 
 For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and reclassified to earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Gains and losses on the derivative representing either hedge ineffectiveness or hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized in current period earnings. 
 Net Investment Hedge 
 For net investment hedges, changes in the fair value of the effective portion of the derivatives  gains or losses are reported as foreign currency translation gains or losses in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) while changes in the ineffective portion are reported in earnings. Effectiveness is assessed based on the hypothetical derivative method.  There was no ineffectiveness for the year ended September 30, 2016.  The gains or losses on derivative instruments reported in Accumulated other comprehensive income are reclassified to earnings in the period in which earnings are affected by the underlying item, such as a disposal or substantial liquidations of the entities being hedged.   
 65 
 
    During the fou  rth quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company entered into cross currency swaps with a notional amount of $250 million, which are designated as hedges of its net investments in certain Euro denominated subsidiaries. Cash settlements periodically occur for fixed   rate interest payments and a cash exchange of the notional currency amount will occur at the end of the term in 2026 under these cross currency swaps. As of September 30, 2016, the fair value of and cumulative gain related to these swaps was $1 million and   was included in Other assets and Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. There were no gains or losses reclassified from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings during fiscal 2016  .      
 Other Derivative Instruments 
 From time to time, the Company may enter into certain derivative instruments that may not be designated as hedges for accounting purposes, which may include cross currency swaps, foreign currency forward contracts and commodity derivatives. For cross currency swaps and foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedges, the Company uses standard models with market-based inputs. The significant inputs to these models are interest rate curves for discounting future cash flows, and exchange rate curves of the foreign currency for translating future cash flows. In determining the fair value of the commodity derivatives, the significant inputs to valuation models are quoted market prices of similar instruments in active markets. Although these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, Cabot believes that such instruments are closely correlated with the underlying exposure, thus managing the associated risk. The gains or losses from changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that are not accounted for as hedges are recognized in current period earnings. 
 During fiscal 2015 and 2014, there were no derivatives designated as hedges.  
 At both September 30, 2016 and 2015, the fair value of derivative instruments not designated as hedges were immaterial and were presented in Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Note M. Venezuela 
 Cabot owns 49% of an operating carbon black affiliate in Venezuela, which is accounted for as an equity affiliate, through wholly-owned subsidiaries that carry the investment and receive its dividends. As of September 30, 2016, these subsidiaries carried the operating affiliate investment of $14 million. 
 During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company received dividends in the amounts of $2 million, $6 million and $5 million, respectively, which were paid in U.S. dollars.  
 A significant portion of the Company s operating affiliate s sales are exports denominated in U.S. dollars. The Venezuelan government mandates that a certain percentage of the dollars collected from these sales be converted into bolivars. The exchange rate made available to us as of September 30, 2016 was 656 bolivars to the U.S. dollar. The operating affiliate and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries remeasured their bolivar denominated monetary accounts to reflect the current rate.  During fiscal 2016, the exchange rate devalued from 52 bolivars to the U.S. dollar to 656 bolivars to the U.S. dollar. The impact of the exchange rate devaluations on the operating affiliate and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries  results was a net gain of less than $1 million during 2016.  
 The operating entity has generally been profitable. The Company continues to closely monitor developments in Venezuela and their potential impact on the recoverability of its equity affiliate investment. Any future change in the exchange rate made available to the Company could cause the Company to change the exchange rate it uses and result in gains or losses on the bolivar denominated assets held by its operating affiliate and wholly-owned subsidiaries. 

Note N. Employee Benefit Plans 
 The information below provides detail concerning the Company s benefit obligations under the defined benefit and postretirement benefit plans it sponsors.  
 Defined benefit plans provide pre-determined benefits to employees that are distributed upon retirement. Cabot is making all sponsor required contributions to these plans. The accumulated benefit obligation was $175 million for the U.S. defined benefit plans and $373 million for the foreign plans as of September 30, 2016 and $170 million for the U.S. defined benefit plans and $326 million for the foreign plans as of September 30, 2015. 
 In addition to benefits provided under the defined benefit and postretirement benefit plans, the Company provides benefits under defined contribution plans. Prior to January 2014, one of these plans included an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ) component, which is described below. Cabot recognized expenses related to these plans, not including the expenses related to the ESOP, of $17 million in fiscal 2016, $20 million in fiscal 2015 and $14 million in fiscal 2014. 
 66 
 
    Employee Stock Ownership Plan  
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2014, all shares that remained available for distribution under the ESOP were allocated to participant accounts and no further contributions under the plan have been or will be made. Compensation expense related to the ESOP, which is based on the fair value of the shares on the date of allocation, was $1 million in fiscal 2014. 
 The following provides information about benefit obligations, plan assets, the funded status and weighted-average assumptions of the defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans: 

(1)    
 
 Included in this amount are $5 million and $6 million that the Company paid directly to the participants in its defined benefit plans in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.    

(2)    
 
 The $10 million settlements and curtailments amount in 2016 was a result of global restructuring activities. The $85 million settlements amount in 2015 primarily reflects the transfer of certain plan assets and obligations to a third party, as discussed under Curtailments and Settlements of Employee Benefit Plans.       

 67 
 
    Pension Assumptions and Strategy  
 The following assumptions were used to determine the pension benefit obligations and periodic benefit costs as of and for the years ended September 30: 

Postretirement Assumptions and Strategy 
 The following assumptions were used to determine the postretirement benefit obligations and net costs as of and for the years ended September 30: 

Cabot uses discount rates as of September 30, the plans  measurement date, to determine future benefit obligations under its U.S. and foreign defined benefit plans. The discount rates for the defined benefit plans in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, UAE, Euro-zone, Japan, Switzerland and the U.K. are derived from yield curves that reflect high quality corporate bond yield or swap rate information in each region and reflect the characteristics of Cabot s employee benefit plans. The discount rates for the defined benefit plans in the Czech Republic and Indonesia are based on government bond indices that best reflect the durations of the plans, adjusted for credit spreads presented in selected AA corporate bond indices. The rates utilized are selected because they represent long-term, high quality, fixed income benchmarks that approximate the long-term nature of Cabot s pension obligations and related payouts. 

68 
 
    Amounts reco  gnized in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

In fiscal 2017, the Company expects an estimated net loss of $5 million will be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net periodic benefit cost. In addition, the Company expects prior service credits of $3 million for other postretirement benefits will be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net periodic benefit costs in fiscal 2017. 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 The Company expects that the following benefit payments will be made to plan participants in the years from 2017 to 2026: 

Postretirement medical benefits are unfunded and impact Cabot s cash flows as benefits become due, which is expected to be insignificant in fiscal 2017. The Company expects to contribute $8 million to its foreign pension plans in fiscal 2017. 
 Net periodic defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit costs include the following components: 

69 
 
    Other changes in plan assets and benefit o  bligations recognized in other comprehensive income are as follows:  

(1)   
 
 The tax impact on pension and other postretirement benefit liability adjustments arising during the period was a tax benefit of $7 million, tax provision of $5 million, and tax benefit of $1 million for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.    

Curtailments and Settlements of Employee Benefit Plans 
 In recent years, the Company incurred curtailments and settlements of certain of its employee benefit plans. Associated with these curtailments and settlements, the Company recognized net losses of less than $1 million, $17 million, and less than $1 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
 Effective October 1, 2014, the Company transferred the defined benefit obligations and pension plan assets in one of its foreign defined benefit plans to a multi-employer plan. This action effectively moves the administrative, asset custodial, asset investment, actuarial, communication and benefit payment obligations to the multi-employer fund administrator. Cabot is required to make contributions to the multi-employer plan which is over 80% funded. Contributed assets by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers since assets contributed by an employer are not segregated in a separate account or restricted to provide benefits only to employees of that employer. As a result of the transfer a pre-tax charge of $18 million was recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. In addition, there was an approximately $85 million reduction in plan assets and plan obligations as a result of the transfer of assets and obligations of this foreign plan. 
 Sensitivity Analysis 
 Measurement of postretirement benefit expense is based on actuarial assumptions used to value the postretirement benefit liability at the beginning of the year. Assumed health care cost trend rates have an effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. The fiscal 2016 weighted-average assumed health care cost trend rate is 6.5% for U.S. plans and 6.8% for foreign plans. A one percentage point change in the 2016 assumed health care cost trend rate would have an immaterial impact to the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of the net periodic postretirement benefit and would have the following effect on the postretirement benefit obligation: 

1-Percentage-Point  

Increase  

Decrease  

U.S.  

Foreign  

U.S.  

Foreign  

(Dollars in millions)  

Effect on postretirement benefit obligation  

$  

$  
 
 4  

$  

$  
 
 (3  
 
 )  

Plan Assets 
 The Company s defined benefit pension plans weighted-average asset allocations at September 30, 2016 and 2015, by asset category, are as follows: 

70 
 
    To develop the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption, the Company used a capital asset pricing model. The model considers the current level   of expected returns on risk-free investments comprised of government bonds, the historical level of the risk premium associated with the other asset classes in which the portfolio is invested, and the expectations for future returns for each asset class. T  he expected return for each asset class was then weighted based on the target asset allocation to develop the expected long-term rate of return for each plan.  
 Cabot s investment strategy for each of its defined benefit plans in the U.S. and abroad is generally based on a set of investment objectives and policies that cover time horizons and risk tolerance levels consistent with plan liabilities. Periodic studies are performed to determine the asset mix that will meet pension obligations at a reasonable cost to the Company. The assets of the defined benefit plans are comprised principally of investments in equity and high quality fixed income securities, which are broadly diversified across the capitalization and style spectrum and are managed using both active and passive strategies. The weighted average target asset allocation for the U.S. plans is 50% in equity and 50% in fixed income and for the foreign plans is 38% in equity, 54% in fixed income, 3% in real estate and 5% in cash and other securities. 
 For pension plan assets classified as Level 1 measurements (measured using quoted prices in active markets), total fair value is either the price of the most recent trade at the time of the market close or the official close price, as defined by the exchange on which the asset is most actively traded on the last trading day of the period, multiplied by the number of units held without consideration of transaction costs. 
 For pension plan assets classified as Level 2 measurements, where the security is frequently traded in less active markets, fair value is based on the closing price at the end of the period; where the security is less frequently traded, fair value is based on the price a dealer would pay for the security or similar securities, adjusted for any terms specific to that asset or liability. Market inputs are obtained from well-established and recognized vendors of market data and subjected to tolerance/quality checks. 
 The fair value of the Company s pension plan assets at September 30, 2016 and 2015 by asset category is as follows: 

(1)    
 
 The equity funds asset class includes funds that invest in U.S. equities as well as equity securities issued by companies incorporated, listed or domiciled in countries in developed and/or emerging markets. These companies may be in the small-, mid- or large-cap categories.    

(2)    
 
 The fixed income funds asset class includes investments in high quality funds. High quality fixed income funds primarily invest in low risk U.S. and non-U.S. government securities, investment-grade corporate bonds, mortgages and asset-backed securities. A significant portion of the fixed income funds include investment in long-term bond funds.    

(3)    
 
 The real estate funds asset class includes funds that primarily invest in entities which are principally engaged in the ownership, acquisition, development, financing, sale and/or management of income-producing real estate properties, both commercial and residential. These funds typically seek long-term growth of capital and current income that is above average relative to public equity funds.    

(4)    
 
 Insurance contracts held by the Company s non-U.S. plans are issued by well-known, highly rated insurance companies.    

71 
 
    Note O. Stock-Based Compensation  
 The Company has established equity compensation plans that provide stock-based compensation to eligible employees. The 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the  2009 Plan ), which was approved by Cabot s stockholders on March 12, 2009 and amended on March 8, 2012, authorized the issuance of approximately 8.9 million shares of common stock. This is the Company s only equity incentive plan under which awards may currently be made to employees. 
 The terms of awards made under Cabot s equity compensation plans are generally determined by the Compensation Committee of Cabot s Board of Directors. The 2009 Plan allows for grants of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards to employees. The awards made in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 under the 2009 Plan consist of grants of stock options, time-based restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, and restricted stock units that will be settled in cash. The options were issued with an exercise price equal to 100% of the market price of Cabot s common stock on the date of grant, generally vest over a three year period (30% on each of the first and second anniversaries of the date of grant and 40% on the third anniversary of the date of grant) and have a ten-year term. The restricted stock units generally vest three years from the date of the grant. The number of shares issuable, if any, when a performance-based restricted stock unit award vests will depend on the degree of achievement (threshold, target or maximum performance) of the corporate performance metrics for each year within the three-year performance period of the award. Accordingly, future compensation costs associated with outstanding awards of performance-based restricted stock units may increase or decrease based on the probability of the Company achieving the performance metrics. 
 As of September 30, 2016, there were 22,305 outstanding time-based and performance-based restricted stock units which will be settled by the payment of cash, assuming unbanked awards will be settled at target performance. Compensation expense related to these awards is remeasured throughout the vesting period and until ultimate settlement of the award. Cumulative compensation expense and the associated liability is recorded equal to the fair value of Cabot common stock multiplied by the applicable vesting percentage. The Company recorded liabilities associated with these cash settled awards of less than $1 million and $1 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 Stock-based employee compensation expense was $10 million, $8 million and $9 million, after tax, for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The expense recognized in fiscal 2016 includes a $5 million charge recorded in connection with the modification of the outstanding equity awards held by the Company s prior CEO under the terms of his transition and separation agreement with the Company. 
 The Company recognized the full impact of its stock-based employee compensation expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 and did not capitalize any such costs on the Consolidated Balance Sheets because those that qualified for capitalization were not material. The following table presents stock-based compensation expenses included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations: 

As of September 30, 2016, Cabot has $14 million and $2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units and options, respectively, granted under the Company s equity incentive plans. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.4 years and 1.0 year for restricted stock units and options, respectively. 
 72 
 
    Equity Incentive Plan Activity  
 The following table summarizes the total stock option and restricted stock unit activity in the equity incentive plans for fiscal 2016: 

(1)    
 
 The number granted represents the number of shares issuable upon vesting of time-based restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units, assuming the Company performs at the target performance level in each year of the three-year performance period.    

(2)    
 
 Represents the net number of performance based restricted stock units cancelled based on the Company s actual performance against performance targets applicable to outstanding restricted stock units.    

(3)    
 
 Stock options vested and expected to vest in the future, net of estimated forfeitures, have a weighted average remaining contractual life of 5.18 years.    

 Stock Options 
 The following table summarizes information related to the outstanding and vested options on September 30, 2016: 

Total 
 Options 
 Outstanding  

Exercisable 
 Options  

Vested and 
 Expected 
 to Vest  

Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in millions of dollars)  

$  
 
 22  

$  
 
 19  

$  
 
 22  

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years)  

6.60  

4.01  

5.18  

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value, based on the Company s closing common stock price of $52.41 on September 30, 2016, which would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options and immediately sold their shares on that date. 
 The intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $8 million, $2 million and $12 million, respectively, and the Company received cash of $8 million, $4 million and $9 million, respectively, from these exercises. 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of the options at the grant date. The weighted average grant date fair values of options granted during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $11.12, $15.68, and $18.36   per option, respectively. The fair values on the grant date were calculated using the following weighted-average assumptions: 

The expected stock price volatility assumption was determined using the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the expected life of the option. The expected term reflects the anticipated time period between the measurement date and the exercise date or post-vesting cancellation date. 
 73 
 
    Restricted Stoc  k Units  
 The value of restricted stock unit awards is the closing stock price at the date of the grant. The weighted average grant date fair values of restricted stock unit awards granted during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was $40.51, $45.85, and $47.63,   respectively. The intrinsic value of restricted stock units (meaning the fair value of the units on the date of vest) that vested during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $15 million, $14 million and $17 million, respectively. 
 Supplemental 401(k) Plan 
 Cabot s Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan ( SERP 401(k) ) provides benefits to highly compensated employees in circumstances in which the maximum limits established under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code prevent them from receiving all of the Company matching and retirement contributions that would otherwise be provided under the qualified 401(k) plan. The SERP 401(k) is non-qualified and unfunded. Contributions under the SERP 401(k) are treated as if invested in Cabot common stock. The majority of the distributions made under the SERP 401(k) are required to be paid with shares of Cabot common stock. The remaining distributions, which relate to certain grandfathered accounts, will be paid in cash based on the market price of Cabot common stock at the time of distribution. The aggregate value of the accounts that will be paid out in stock, which is equivalent to approximately 143,000 and 150,000 shares of Cabot common stock as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is reflected at historic cost in stockholders  equity, and the aggregate value of the accounts that will be paid in cash, which is $1 million as of both September 30, 2016 and 2015, is reflected in other long-term liabilities and marked-to-market quarterly. 

Note P. Restructuring 
 Cabot s restructuring activities were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows: 

Details of these restructuring activities and the related reserves for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 were as follows: 

74 
 
    Cabot s severance and empl  oyee benefit reserves and other closure related reserves are reflected in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.   Cabot s environmental remediation reserves related to restructuring activities are reflected   in Other liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 2016 Plan 
 On October 20, 2015, in response to challenging macroeconomic conditions, the Company announced its intention to restructure its operations subject to local consultation requirements and processes in certain locations. Cabot s plan has resulted in a reduction of approximately 300 positions across the Company s global locations. These actions are intended to result in a more competitive cost structure. 
 The Company has recorded pre-tax cash charges of approximately $29 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 related to this plan.  The Company expects to record additional pre-tax cash charges of approximately $1 million related to these actions. The charges recorded and anticipated are comprised of severance, employee benefits and other transition costs. 
 Cumulative net cash outlays related to these actions are expected to be approximately $30 million, comprised of severance, employee benefits and other transition costs.  Through September 30, 2016, the Company has made $27 million in cash payments related to this plan comprised of severance payments of $23 million and $4 million for other transition costs and expects to make additional cash payments of $3 million comprised mainly of severance and other transition costs. 
 The actions related to this plan are expected to be substantially complete by the end of fiscal 2017. 
 As of September 30, 2016, Cabot has $2 million of accrued restructuring costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to these actions, which is mainly comprised of accrued severance charges. 
 Additionally, on November 11, 2015, the Company announced that it had committed to a plan to close its carbon black manufacturing facility in Merak, Indonesia. The decision to close this plant and to consolidate production in Asia using the Company s Cilegon, Indonesia and other Asian and global carbon black production sites to meet regional demand was driven by the financial performance at the Merak facility in the past several years. Manufacturing operations ceased at the end of January 2016 and approximately 50 employees were affected.   
 The Company has recorded pre-tax charges of $25 million in the year ended September 30, 2016, comprised of $22 million of non-cash asset impairments and accelerated depreciation and $3 million of cash costs for severance and other transition related costs.     
   Future anticipated cash site closure costs for the Merak facility, comprised mainly of site demolition, clearing and environmental remediation charges, and other miscellaneous costs, are expected to total approximately $3 million in fiscal 2017 when these activities are expected to be substantially complete.   
 Net cash outlays related to this closure are expected to be approximately $5 million, comprised of $3 million of site demolition, clearing and environmental remediation costs, $2 million of severance payments, and less than $1 million for other charges.  Through September 30, 2016, the Company has made $2 million in cash payments related to this plan, mainly for severance and other miscellaneous charges and expects to pay an additional $3 million in fiscal 2017 mainly for site demolition, clearing and environmental remediation costs.  
 As of September 30, 2016, Cabot has approximately $1 million of accrued severance costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to the Merak facility closure. 
 Details of the 2016 restructuring activities, including the Merak facility closure, for the year-end September 30, 2016 are shown below: 

75 
 
    Business Service Center Transition  
 In January 2014, the Company announced its intention to open a new Europe, Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) business service center in Riga, Latvia, and to close its Leuven, Belgium site, subject to the Belgian information and consultation process, which was successfully completed in June 2014. These actions were developed following an extensive evaluation of the Company s business service capabilities in the EMEA region and a determination that the future EMEA business service center will enable the Company to provide the highest quality of service at the most competitive cost. 
 The actions related to the transition of the business service center have been completed and have resulted in total cash charges of approximately $24 million, comprised of $16 million of severance charges and $8 million of other transition costs including training costs and redundant salaries. $6 million of these charges were recorded in fiscal 2015, whereas $18 million were recorded in fiscal 2014. 
 In fiscal 2016, the Company has made approximately $1 million in cash payments related to this plan, comprised mainly of severance payments. Through September 30, 2016, the Company has made $21 million in cash payments related to this plan, comprised of $14 million of severance payments and $7 million of other transition related costs.   The difference between the initial accrual and subsequent cash payments is due to changes in foreign exchange rates.  
 There is no remaining restructuring reserve related to this transition as of September 30, 2016.   As of September 30, 2015, Cabot had $2 million of accrued restructuring costs in its Consolidated Balance Sheet related to this closure, which was mainly comprised of accrued severance charges.  
 Closure of Port Dickson, Malaysia Manufacturing Facility 
 On April 26, 2013, the Company announced that the Board of its carbon black joint venture, Cabot Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. ( CMSB ), decided to cease production at its Port Dickson, Malaysia facility. The facility ceased production in June 2013. The Company holds a 50.1 percent equity share in CMSB. The decision, which affected approximately 90 carbon black employees, was driven by the facility s manufacturing inefficiencies and raw materials costs. 
 During fiscal 2016, the Company recorded a net pre-tax restructuring benefit of $1 million and pre-tax charges of less than $1 million and $2 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively.    
 Through September 30, 2016 the Company recorded pre-tax restructuring charges related to this plan of $19 million.  These pre-tax restructuring costs were comprised mainly of non-cash accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $16 million, severance charges of $2 million, site demolition, clearing and environmental remediation charges of $2 million, and other closure related charges of $1 million, partially offset by the gain from the sale of land of $2 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. CMSB s net income or loss is attributable to Cabot Corporation and to the noncontrolling interest in the joint venture. The portion of the charges that are allocable to the noncontrolling interest in CMSB (49.9%) are recorded within Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The majority of actions related to closure of the plant were completed in fiscal 2014. 
 Cumulative net cash received related to this plan is $3 million comprised of $7 million received from the sale of land, partially offset by approximately $2 million paid for severance, $1 million paid for site demolition, clearing and environmental remediation, and $1 million for other closure related charges.   
 As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, Cabot has less than $1 million of accrued restructuring costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to this closure which is mainly comprised of accrued environmental and other charges.  
 Other Activities 
 The Company has recorded other pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately $1   million, $13 million and $8 million during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, related to restructuring activities at several other locations. Fiscal 2016 activity is comprised mainly of non-cash accelerated depreciation and severance adjustments incurred primarily at the Company s Specialty Fluids facility in Canada and corporate headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts.  Fiscal 2015 charges are comprised of $7 million of cash severance charges, $4 million of non-cash asset write-offs and accelerated depreciation, and $2 million of other cash costs.  Fiscal 2015 costs were incurred at the Company s corporate headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts and Specialty Fluids facility in Bergen, Norway, as well as other locations.  Fiscal 2014 charges are comprised of non-cash accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs of $5 million and severance charges of $3 million and were comprised of charges at the Company s carbon black facilities in Port Dickson, Malaysia and Maua, Brazil, as well as other locations. No future charges related to these actions are expected.        
 As of September 30, 2016, Cabot has less than $1 million of accrued severance and other closure related costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to these activities which are expected to be paid through early fiscal 2017. As of September 30, 2015, Cabot had $5 million of accrued severance and other closure related costs in its Consolidated Balance Sheet related to these activities.  
 76 
 
    Previous Actions and Sites Pending Sale  
 Beginning in fiscal 2009, the Company entered into several different restructuring plans which have been substantially completed, pending the sale of a former manufacturing site in Thane, India. The Company has incurred total cumulative pre-tax charges of approximately $158 million related to these plans through September 30, 2016, comprised of $67 million for severance charges, $66 million for non-cash accelerated depreciation and asset impairments, $10 million for environmental, demolition and site clearing costs, and $23 million of other closure related charges partially offset by gains on asset sales of $8 million.  
 The net pre-tax restructuring gain related to these plans was $7 million for fiscal 2016 driven by the sale of land, whereas charges of $2 million and $1 million were recorded during fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. Fiscal 2015 charges are comprised mainly of severance, accelerated depreciation and other expenses.  Fiscal 2014 charges are comprised mainly of environmental charges and other post closure costs.  
 Since fiscal 2009, Cabot has made net cash payments of $79 million related to these plans comprised of $63 million for severance payments, $10 million for environmental, demolition and site clearing cots, and $25 million for other closure related charges, partially offset by cash proceeds from asset sales of $19 million.   The Company expects to pay approximately $2 million for environmental, severance, and other closure related costs in fiscal 2017 and thereafter.  
 As of both September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, Cabot has approximately $2 million of accrued environmental, severance and other closure related costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to these activities. 

Note Q. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Changes in each component of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, are as follows for fiscal 2015 and 2016: 

77 
 
    The amounts reclassified out of Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and into the Statements of Operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016,   2015 and 2014 are as follows:  

Affected Line Item in the Consolidated  

September 30  

Statements of Operations  

2016  

2015  

2014  

(Dollars in Millions)  

Pension and other postretirement benefit 
    liability adjustment  

Amortization of actuarial losses (gains)  

Net Periodic Benefit Cost - see 
 Note N for details  

$  
 
 3  

$  
 
 (1  
 
 )  

$  
 
 3  

Amortization of prior service (credit) cost  

Net Periodic Benefit Cost - see 
 Note N for details  

(3  
 
 )  

4  

(3  
 
 )  

Settlement costs  

Net Periodic Benefit Cost - see 
 Note N for details  

27  

Total before tax  

30  

Tax impact  

Provision for income taxes  

(6  
 
 )  

Total after tax  

$  

$  
 
 24  

$  

78 
 
    Note R. Earnings Per Share  
 The following tables summarize the components of the basic and diluted earnings per common share computations: 

(1)   
 
  Participating securities consist of unvested time-based restricted stock units.     

(2)   
 
  Undistributed earnings (loss) are adjusted for the assumed distribution of dividends to the dilutive securities, which are described in (3) below, and then reallocated to participating securities.     

(3)   
 
  Represents incremental shares of common stock from the (i) assumed exercise of stock options issued under Cabot s equity incentive plans; (ii) assumed issuance of shares to employees pursuant to the Company s Supplemental 401(k) Plan; and (iii) assumed issuance of shares for outstanding and achieved performance-based stock unit awards issued under Cabot s equity incentive plans using the treasury stock method. For fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, 634,168, 897,056 and 197,072 incremental shares of common stock were not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because the inclusion of these shares would have been antidilutive.     

 79 
 
    Undistributed earnings are the earnings which remain after   dividends declared during the period are assumed to be distributed to the common and participating shareholders. Undistributed earnings are allocated to common and participating shareholders on the same basis as dividend distributions. The calculation of u  ndistributed earnings is as follows:  

Note S. Income Taxes 
 Income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in net earnings of affiliated companies was as follows: 

Tax provision (benefit) for income taxes consisted of the following: 

80 
 
    The provision (benefit) for income taxes differed from the provision for income taxes as calculated using the U.S. statutory rate as follows:  

Years ended September 30  

2016  

2015  

2014  

(Dollars in millions)  

Computed tax expense at the federal statutory rate  

$  
 
 68  

$  
 
 (132  
 
 )  

$  
 
 108  

Foreign income:  

Impact of taxation at different rates, repatriation and 
    other  

(37  
 
 )  

(24  
 
 )  

(29  
 
 )  

Impact of increase (decrease) in valuation allowance on deferred taxes  

7  

(7  
 
 )  

20  

Impact of foreign losses for which a current tax benefit is 
    not available  

9  

7  

Impact of non-deductible net currency losses  

2  

(1  
 
 )  

U.S. and state benefits from research and experimentation 
    activities  

(2  
 
 )  

(2  
 
 )  

Tax settlements  

1  

(7  
 
 )  

(7  
 
 )  

Benefit from prior currency loss  

(3  
 
 )  

Impact of goodwill impairment charge  

123  

Nontaxable gain on existing equity investment  

(10  
 
 )  

Permanent differences, net  

3  

State taxes, net of federal effect  

(2  
 
 )  

(4  
 
 )  

Total  

$  
 
 34  

$  
 
 (45  
 
 )  

$  
 
 92  

Significant components of deferred income taxes were as follows: 

In the fiscal 2016 tax provision, Cabot recorded less than $1 million of discrete tax charges composed of charges of $5 million for valuation allowances on beginning of the year tax balances partially offset by benefits of $3 million for a currency loss and $1 million each for the renewal of the U.S. research and experimentation credit and net tax settlements. 
 In the fiscal 2015 tax benefit, Cabot recorded $13 million of discrete tax benefits including benefits of $7 million for tax settlements, $4 million for repatriation, and $2 million for the renewal of the U.S. research and experimentation credit. 
 81 
 
    In the fiscal 2014 tax provision, Cabot recorded $17 million of net discrete tax charges including a $20 million charge for a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets in a foreign   jurisdiction, a $2 million charge for return to provision adjustments, a $2 million charge for interest on uncertain tax positions and a $4 million charge for miscellaneous tax items, offset by an $11 million net tax benefit for tax audit settlements.                    
 Approximately $760 million of net operating loss carryforwards ( NOLs ) and $144 million of other tax credit carryforwards remain at September 30, 2016. The benefits of these carryforwards are dependent upon taxable income during the carryforward period in the jurisdictions in which they arose. Accordingly, a valuation allowance has been provided where management has determined that it is more likely than not that the carryforwards will not be utilized. The following table provides detail surrounding the expiration dates of these carryforwards: 

As of September 30, 2016, provisions have not been made for U.S. income taxes or non-U.S. withholding taxes on approximately $1.6 billion of undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries, as these earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. Cabot continually reviews the financial position and forecasted cash flows of its U.S. consolidated group and foreign subsidiaries in order to reaffirm the Company s intent and ability to continue to indefinitely reinvest earnings of its foreign subsidiaries or whether such earnings will need to be repatriated in the foreseeable future. Such review encompasses operational needs and future capital investments. From time to time, however, the Company s intentions relative to specific indefinitely reinvested amounts change because of certain unique circumstances. These earnings could become subject to U.S. income taxes and non-U.S. withholding taxes if they were remitted as dividends, were loaned to Cabot Corporation or a U.S. subsidiary, or if Cabot should sell its stock in the subsidiaries with the reinvested earnings. 
 As of September 30, 2016, net deferred tax assets of $188 million are in the U.S. Management believes that the Company s history of generating domestic profits provides adequate evidence that it is more likely than not that all of the U.S. net deferred tax assets will be realized in the normal course of business. U.S. income from continuing operations adjusted for U.S. permanent differences and excluding the impairment of long-lived assets within the U.S. (see Note G) was a loss of $19 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 and was a cumulative profit of $120 million for the three years ended September 30, 2016 including dividends from non-U.S. subsidiaries. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future taxable income generated over an extended period of time. 
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company needs to generate approximately $536 million in cumulative future U.S. taxable income at various times over approximately 20 years to realize all of its net U.S. deferred tax assets. The Company reviews its forecast in relation to actual results and expected trends on a quarterly basis. Failure to achieve operating income targets may change the Company s assessment regarding the realization of Cabot s deferred tax assets and such change could result in a valuation allowance being recorded against some or all of the Company s deferred tax assets. Any increase in a valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense, lower stockholders  equity and could have a significant impact on Cabot s earnings in future periods. 
 The valuation allowances at September 30, 2016 and 2015 represent management s best estimate of the non-realizable portion of the deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance increased by $16 million in 2016 related to certain future tax benefits and net operating losses generated that are included in deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance decreased by $25 million in 2015 primarily due to reductions in value of certain future tax benefits and net operating losses generated that are included in deferred tax assets. 
 82 
 
    Cabot has   filed its tax returns in accordance with the tax laws in each jurisdiction and recognizes tax benefits for uncertain tax positions when the position would more likely than not be sustained based on its technical merits and recognizes measurement adjustment  s when needed. As of September 30, 2016, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $30 million, of which $18 million was recorded in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet and $12 million of deferred tax assets, principally related to state net o  perating loss carry-forwards, have not been recorded. In addition, accruals of $1 million and $8 million have been recorded for penalties and interest, respectively, as of September 30, 2016 and $1 million and $8 million, respectively, as of September 30,   2015. Total penalties and interest recorded in the tax provision in the Consolidated Statement of Operations was $2 million in fiscal 2016, $2 million in fiscal 2015, and $3 million in fiscal 2014. If the unrecognized tax benefits were recognized at a give  n point in time, there would be approximately $26 million favorable impact on the Company s tax provision before consideration of the impact of the potential need for valuation allowances.  
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows: 

Cabot and certain subsidiaries are under audit in a number of jurisdictions. In addition, certain statutes of limitations are scheduled to expire in the near future. It is reasonably possible that a further change in the unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next twelve months related to the settlement of one or more of these audits or the lapse of applicable statutes of limitations; however, an estimated range of the impact on the unrecognized tax benefits cannot be quantified at this time. 
 Cabot files U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. income tax returns in jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The 2012 through 2014 tax years generally remain subject to examination by the IRS and various tax years from 2005 through 2014 remain subject to examination by the respective state tax authorities. In significant non-U.S. jurisdictions, various tax years from 2002 through 2014 remain subject to examination by their respective tax authorities. As of September 30, 2016, Cabot s significant non-U.S. jurisdictions include Canada, China, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, and the Netherlands. 

Note T. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Operating Lease Commitments 
 Cabot leases certain transportation vehicles, warehouse facilities, office space, machinery and equipment under cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases, most of which expire within ten years and may be renewed by Cabot. Escalation clauses, lease payments dependent on existing rates/indexes and other lease incentives are included in the minimum lease payments and such lease payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the minimum lease term. Rent expense under such arrangements for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 totaled $31 million, $29 million and $26 million, respectively. Future minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable leases are as follows: 

83 
 
    Other Long-Term Commitments  
 Cabot has entered into long-term purchase agreements primarily for the purchase of raw materials. Under certain of these agreements, the quantity of material being purchased is fixed, but the price paid changes as market prices change. Raw materials purchased under these agreements by segment for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

Included in the table above are raw materials purchases from noncontrolling shareholders of consolidated subsidiaries. These purchases were $92 million, $169 million and $241 million during fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities owed to noncontrolling shareholders as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, were $9 million and $8 million, respectively. 
 The purchase commitments for Reinforcement Materials, Performance Chemicals, and Purification Solutions covered by these agreements are with various suppliers and purchases are expected to take place as follows: 

These commitments have been estimated using current market prices which may differ from the actual market prices at the time of purchase. 
 Guarantee Agreements 
 Cabot has provided certain indemnities pursuant to which it may be required to make payments to an indemnified party in connection with certain transactions and agreements. In connection with certain acquisitions and divestitures, Cabot has provided routine indemnities with respect to such matters as environmental, tax, insurance, product and employee liabilities. In connection with various other agreements, including service and supply agreements with customers, Cabot has provided indemnities for certain contingencies and routine warranties. Cabot is unable to estimate the maximum potential liability for these types of indemnities as a maximum obligation is not explicitly stated in most cases and the amounts, if any, are dependent upon the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be reasonably estimated. The duration of the indemnities vary, and in many cases are indefinite. Cabot has not recorded any liability for these indemnities in the consolidated financial statements, except as otherwise disclosed. 
 Self-Insurance and Retention for Certain Contingencies 
 The Company is partially self-insured for certain third-party liabilities globally, as well as workers  compensation and employee medical benefits in the United States. The third-party and workers  compensation liabilities are managed through a wholly-owned insurance captive and the related liabilities are included in the consolidated financial statements. The employee medical obligations are managed by a third-party provider and the related liabilities are included in the consolidated financial statements. To limit Cabot s potential liabilities for these risks, however, the Company purchases insurance from third-parties that provides individual and aggregate stop-loss protection. The aggregate self-insured liability in fiscal 2016 for combined U.S. third-party liabilities and U.S. workers  compensation was $6.9 million, and the retention for medical costs in the United States was a maximum of $225,000 per person per annum. There was no aggregate self-insurance limitation outside of the U.S. for third party liabilities. 
 84 
 
    Contingencies  
 Cabot is a defendant, or potentially responsible party, in various lawsuits and environmental proceedings wherein substantial amounts are claimed or at issue.  
 Environmental Matters  
 As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, Cabot had $14 million and $16 million, respectively, reserved for environmental matters. These environmental matters mainly relate to closed sites. These reserves represent Cabot s best estimates of the probable costs to be incurred at those sites where costs are reasonably estimable based on the Company s analysis of the extent of clean up required, alternative clean-up methods available, abilities of other responsible parties to contribute and its interpretation of laws and regulations applicable to each site. In fiscal 2016 and 2015, there was $2 million and $4 million in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for environmental matters. In both fiscal 2016 and 2015, there was $12 million in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for environmental matters. Cabot reviews the adequacy of the reserves as circumstances change at individual sites and adjusts the reserves as appropriate. Almost all of Cabot s environmental issues relate to sites that are mature and have been investigated and studied and, in many cases, are subject to agreed upon remediation plans. However, depending on the results of future testing, changes in risk assessment practices, remediation techniques and regulatory requirements, newly discovered conditions, and other factors, it is reasonably possible that the Company could incur additional costs in excess of environmental reserves currently recorded. Management estimates, based on the latest available information, that any such future environmental remediation costs that are reasonably possible to be in excess of amounts already recorded would be immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 Charges for environmental expense were less than $1 million, $1 million, and $15 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which are included in Cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Cash payments related to these environmental matters were $2 million in fiscal 2016 and 2015, and $3 million in fiscal 2014. 
 The operation and maintenance component of the $14 million reserve for environmental matters was $6 million at September 30, 2016. Cabot expects to make payments of   $2 million in fiscal 2017, $3 million in each of fiscal 2018 and 2019, less than $1 million in fiscal 2020 and 2021, and a total of $4 million thereafter. 
 In November 2013, Cabot entered into a Consent Decree with the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality ( LDEQ ) regarding Cabot s three carbon black manufacturing facilities in the United States. This settlement is related to EPA s national enforcement initiative focused on the U.S. carbon black manufacturing sector alleging non-compliance with certain regulatory and permitting requirements under The Clean Air Act, including the New Source Review ( NSR ) construction permitting requirements. Pursuant to this settlement, Cabot paid a combined $975,000 civil penalty to EPA and LDEQ, agreed to fund environmental mitigation projects in the three communities where the plants are located for a total cost of approximately $450,000, two of which have been completed, and will install technology controls for reduction of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions at certain of our carbon black plants in North America.   
 Other Matters  
 Respirator Liabilities  
 Cabot has exposure in connection with a safety respiratory products business that a subsidiary acquired from American Optical Corporation ( AO ) in an April 1990 asset purchase transaction. The subsidiary manufactured respirators under the AO brand and disposed of that business in July 1995. In connection with its acquisition of the business, the subsidiary agreed, in certain circumstances, to assume a portion of AO s liabilities, including costs of legal fees together with amounts paid in settlements and judgments, allocable to AO respiratory products used prior to the 1990 purchase by the Cabot subsidiary. In exchange for the subsidiary s assumption of certain of AO s respirator liabilities, AO agreed to provide to the subsidiary the benefits of: (i) AO s insurance coverage for the period prior to the 1990 acquisition and (ii) a former owner s indemnity of AO holding it harmless from any liability allocable to AO respiratory products used prior to May 1982.  
 Generally, these respirator liabilities involve claims for personal injury, including asbestosis, silicosis and coal worker s pneumoconiosis, allegedly resulting from the use of respirators that are alleged to have been negligently designed and/or labeled. Neither Cabot, nor its past or present subsidiaries, at any time manufactured asbestos or asbestos-containing products. At no time did this respiratory product line represent a significant portion of the respirator market.  
 The subsidiary transferred the business to Aearo Corporation ( Aearo ) in July 1995. Cabot agreed to have the subsidiary retain certain liabilities associated with exposure to asbestos and silica while using respirators prior to the 1995 transaction so long as Aearo paid, and continues to pay, Cabot an annual fee of $400,000. Aearo can discontinue payment of the fee at any time, in which case it will assume the responsibility for and indemnify Cabot against those liabilities which Cabot s subsidiary had agreed to retain. The Company anticipates that it will continue to receive payment of the $400,000 fee from Aearo and thereby retain these liabilities for the foreseeable future. Cabot has no liability in connection with any products manufactured by Aearo after 1995.  
 85 
 
    In addition to Cabot s subsidiary and as described above, other partie  s are responsible for significant portions of the costs of respirator liabilities, leaving Cabot s subsidiary with a portion of the liability in only some of the pending cases. These parties include Aearo, AO, AO s insurers, another former owner and its in  surers and a third-party manufacturer of respirators formerly sold under the AO brand and its insurers (collectively, with the Company s subsidiary, the  Payor Group ).   
 As of both September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were approximately 38,000 claimants in pending cases asserting claims against AO in connection with respiratory products. Cabot has contributed to the Payor Group s defense and settlement costs with respect to a percentage of pending claims depending on several factors, including the period of alleged product use. In order to quantify Cabot s estimated share of liability for pending and future respirator liability claims, Cabot has engaged, through counsel, the assistance of Hamilton, Rabinovitz   Alschuler, Inc. ( HR A ), a leading consulting firm in the field of tort liability valuation. The methodology used by HR A addresses the complexities surrounding Cabot s potential liability by making assumptions about future claimants with respect to periods of asbestos, silica and coal mine dust exposure and respirator use. Using those and other assumptions, HR A estimates the number of future asbestos, silica and coal mine dust claims that will be filed and the related costs that would be incurred in resolving both currently pending and future claims. On this basis, HR A then estimates the value of the share of these liabilities that reflect Cabot s period of direct manufacture and Cabot s contractual obligations. During the three months ended September 30, 2016, HR A updated this estimate to reflect recent increases in certain defense and indemnity costs. Based on the HR A estimates, as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had $21 million and $11 million, respectively, reserved for its estimated share of liability for pending and future respirator claims. The Company made payments related to its respirator liability of $3 million in fiscal 2016 and $2 million in each of fiscal 2015 and 2014. 
 The Company s current estimate of the cost of its share of existing and future respirator liability claims is based on facts and circumstances existing at this time. Developments that could affect the Company s estimate include, but are not limited to, (i) significant changes in the number of future claims, (ii) changes in the rate of dismissals without payment of pending claims, (iii) significant changes in the average cost of resolving claims, (iv) significant changes in the legal costs of defending these claims, (v) changes in the nature of claims received, (vi) changes in the law and procedure applicable to these claims, (vii) the financial viability of members of the Payor Group, (viii) a change in the availability of the insurance coverage of the members of the Payor Group or the indemnity provided by AO s former owner, (ix) changes in the allocation of costs among the Payor Group and (x) a determination that the assumptions that were used to estimate the Company s share of liability are no longer reasonable. The Company cannot determine the impact of these potential developments on its current estimate of its share of liability for existing and future claims. Accordingly, the actual amount of these liabilities for existing and future claims could be different than the reserved amount.  
 Other  
 The Company has various other lawsuits, claims and contingent liabilities arising in the ordinary course of its business and with respect to the Company s divested businesses. In the opinion of the Company, although final disposition of some or all of these other suits and claims may impact the Company s consolidated financial statements in a particular period, they are not expected, in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

Note U. Financial Information by Segment   Geographic Area 
 Segment Information 
 The Company identifies a business as an operating segment if: i) it engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses; ii) its operating results are regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM ), who is Cabot s President and Chief Executive Officer, to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance; and iii) it has available discrete financial information. The Company has determined that all of its businesses are operating segments. The CODM reviews financial information at the operating segment level to allocate resources and to assess the operating results and financial performance for each operating segment. Operating segments are aggregated into a reportable segment if the operating segments are determined to have similar economic characteristics and if the operating segments are similar in the following areas: i) nature of products and services; ii) nature of production processes; iii) type or class of customer for their products and services; iv) methods used to distribute the products or provide services; and v) if applicable, the nature of the regulatory environment. 
 The Reinforcement Materials segment combines the rubber blacks and elastomer composites product lines. 
 The Performance Chemicals segment combines the specialty carbons and compounds and inkjet colorants product lines into the Specialty Carbons and Formulations business, and combines the fumed metal oxides and aerogel product lines into the Metal Oxides business. These businesses are similar in terms of economic characteristics, nature of products, processes, customer class and product distribution methods, and therefore have been aggregated into one reportable segment. 
 86 
 
    The Purification Solutions segment represents the Company s activated carbon business and the Specialty Fluids segment   consists of the Company s   cesium formate oil and gas drilling fluids and high-purity fine cesium chem  icals product lines.  
 Reportable segment operating profit (loss) before interest and taxes ( Segment EBIT ) is presented for each reportable segment in the financial information by the reportable segment table below on the line entitled Income (loss) from continuing operations before taxes. Segment EBIT excludes certain items, meaning items management does not consider representative of segment results. In addition, Segment EBIT includes Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax, the full operating results of a contractual joint venture in Purification Solutions, royalties, Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of tax, and discounting charges for certain Notes receivable, but excludes Interest expense, foreign currency transaction gains and losses, interest income, dividend income, unearned revenue, the effects of LIFO accounting for inventory, general unallocated expense and unallocated corporate costs. Segment assets exclude cash, short-term investments, cost investments, income taxes receivable, deferred taxes and headquarters  assets, which are included in unallocated and other. Expenditures for additions to long-lived assets include total equity and other investments (including available-for-sale securities) and property, plant and equipment. 
 Reinforcement Materials 
 Carbon black is a form of elemental carbon that is manufactured in a highly controlled process to produce particles and aggregates of varied structure and surface chemistry, resulting in many different performance characteristics for a wide variety of applications. Rubber grade carbon blacks are used to enhance the physical properties of the systems and applications in which they are incorporated.  
 The Company s rubber blacks products are used in tires and industrial products. Rubber blacks have traditionally been used in the tire industry as a rubber reinforcing agent to increase tread durability and are also used as a performance additive to reduce rolling resistance and improve traction. In industrial products such as hoses, belts, extruded profiles and molded goods, rubber blacks are used to improve the physical performance of the product, including the product s physical strength, fluid resistance, conductivity and resistivity. 
 In addition to its rubber blacks products, the Company manufactures compounds of carbon black and rubber using its patented elastomer composites manufacturing process. These compounds improve abrasion/wear resistance, reduce fatigue and reduce rolling resistance compared to carbon black/rubber compounds made by conventional dry mix methods. 
 Performance Chemicals 
 Performance Chemicals is composed of two businesses: (i) the Company s Specialty Carbons and Formulations business, which manufactures and sells specialty grades of carbon black, specialty compounds and inkjet colorants, and (ii) its Metal Oxides business, which manufactures and sells fumed silica, fumed alumina and dispersions thereof and aerogel. In Performance Chemicals, the Company designs, manufactures and sells materials that deliver performance in a broad range of customer applications across the automotive, construction and infrastructure, energy, inkjet printing, electronics, and consumer products sectors. The net sales from each of these businesses for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 are as follows: 

Specialty Carbons and Formulations Business 
 Carbon black is a form of elemental carbon that is manufactured in a highly controlled process to produce particles and aggregates of varied structure and surface chemistry, resulting in many different performance characteristics for a wide variety of applications. 
 The Company s specialty grades of carbon black are used to impart color, provide rheology control, enhance conductivity and static charge control, provide UV protection, enhance mechanical properties, and provide formulation flexibility through surface treatment. These specialty carbon products are used in a wide variety of applications, such as inks, coatings, cables, plastics, adhesives, toners, batteries and displays.  
 87 
 
    Cabot s masterbatch and conductive compound products, which   Cabot   refer  s   to as  specialty compounds , are formulations derived from specialty grades of carbon black mixed with polymers and other additives.  These products are generally used by plastic resi  n producers and converters in applications for the automotive, industrial, packaging, consumer products, and electronics industries.  As an alternative to directly mixing specialty carbon blacks, these formulations offer greater ease of handling and help c  ustomers achieve the  ir   desired levels of dispersion and color and manage the addition of small doses of additives.  In addition, Cabot s electrically conductive compound products generally are used to reduce risks associated with electrostatic disc  harge in   plastics applications.  
 The Company s inkjet colorants are high-quality pigment-based black and color dispersions based on its patented carbon black surface modification technology. The dispersions are used in aqueous inkjet inks to impart color, sharp print characteristics and durability, while maintaining high printhead reliability. These products are used in various inkjet printing applications, including commercial printing, small office/home office and corporate office, and niche applications that require a high level of dispersibility and colloidal stability. Cabot s inkjet inks, which utilize its pigment-based colorant dispersions, are used in the commercial printing segment for digital print. 
 Metal Oxides Business 
 Fumed silica is an ultra-fine, high-purity particle used as a reinforcing, thickening, abrasive, thixotropic, suspending or anti-caking agent in a wide variety of products for the automotive, construction, microelectronics, batteries, and consumer products industries. These products include adhesives, sealants, cosmetics, inks, toners, silicone rubber, coatings, polishing slurries and pharmaceuticals. Fumed alumina, also an ultra-fine, high-purity particle, is used as an abrasive, absorbent or barrier agent in a variety of products, such as inkjet media, lighting, coatings, cosmetics and polishing slurries.  
 Aerogel is a hydrophobic, silica-based particle with a high surface area that is used in a variety of thermal insulation and specialty chemical applications. In the building and construction industry, the product is used in insulative sprayable plasters and composite building products, as well as translucent skylight, window, wall and roof systems for insulating eco-daylighting applications. In the specialty chemicals industry, the product is used to provide matte finishing, insulating and thickening properties for use in a variety of applications.  
 Purification Solutions 
 The Company s activated carbon products are used for the purification of water, air, food and beverages, pharmaceuticals and other liquids and gases, as either a colorant or a decolorizing agent in the production of products for food and beverage applications and as a chemical carrier in slow release applications. In gas and air applications, one of the uses of activated carbon is for the removal of mercury in flue gas streams. In certain applications, used activated carbon can be reactivated for further use by removing the contaminants from the pores of the activated carbon product. The most common applications for the Company s reactivated carbon are water treatment and food and beverage purification. In addition to activated carbon production and reactivation, the Company also provides activated carbon solutions through on-site equipment and services, including delivery systems for activated carbon injection in coal-fired utilities, mobile water filter units and carbon reactivation services.  
 Specialty Fluids 
 The Specialty Fluids segment principally produces and markets cesium formate as a drilling and completion fluid for use primarily in high pressure and high temperature oil and gas well construction. Cesium formate products are solids-free, high-density fluids that have a low viscosity, enabling safe and efficient well construction and workover operations. The fluid is resistant to high temperatures, minimizes damage to producing reservoirs and is readily biodegradable in accordance with testing guidelines set by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. The business also manufactures and sells fine cesium chemicals that are used in a wide range of applications, including catalysts and brazing fluxes. 
   
 88 
 
    Financial information by reportable segment is as follows:  

(1)    
 
 Unallocated and Other includes certain items and eliminations necessary to reflect management s reporting of operating segment results. These items are reflective of the segment reporting presented to the CODM.    

(2)    
 
 Revenue from external customers that are categorized as Unallocated and Other reflects royalties, other operating revenues, external shipping and handling fees, the impact of unearned revenue, the removal of 100% of the sales of an equity method affiliate and discounting charges for certain Notes receivable. Details are provided in the table below.    

89 

(3)    
 
      Income (loss) from continuing operations before taxes that are categorized as Unallocated and Other includes:     

(a)    
 
 Certain items are items that management does not consider representative of operating segment results and they are, therefore, excluded from Segment EBIT. Certain items, pre-tax for fiscal 2016 include $47 million related to global restructuring activities (Refer to Note P), $11 million related to foreign currency loss on revaluations, $17 million related to legal and environmental matters and reserves, and $6 million related to executive transition costs. Certain items, pre-tax, for fiscal 2015 include $562 million related to goodwill and long-lived asset impairment charges for the Purification Solutions business (refer to Note G), $21 million related to global restructuring activities, $5 million for acquisition and integration-related charges, $21 million related to employee benefit plan settlement and other charges, and $2 million related to foreign currency loss on revaluations,   and $6 million related to an inventory reserve adjustment. Certain items, pre-tax, for fiscal 2014 primarily include $29 million related to global restructuring activities, $7 million for acquisition and integration-related charges, $18 million for legal and environmental matters and reserves and $3 million of certain foreign currency gains recorded by foreign subsidiaries offset by a $29 million non-cash gain recognized on the Company s pre-existing investment in NHUMO as a result of the NHUMO transaction.         

(b)    
 
 Equity in earnings of affiliated companies, net of tax is included in Segment EBIT and is removed from Unallocated and other to reconcile to income (loss) from operations before taxes.    

(c)    
 
 Unallocated corporate costs are not controlled by the segments and primarily benefit corporate interests.    

(d)    
 
 General unallocated expense consists of gains (losses) arising from foreign currency transactions, net of other foreign currency risk management activities, the impact of accounting for certain inventory on a LIFO basis, the profit or loss related to the corporate adjustment for unearned revenue, and the impact of including the full operating results of an equity affiliate in Purification Solutions Segment EBIT.    

(4)    
 
 Unallocated and Other assets includes cash, marketable securities, cost investments, income taxes receivable, deferred taxes, headquarters  assets, and current and non-current assets held for sale.    

(5)    
 
 Expenditures for additions to long-lived assets include total equity and other investments (including available-for-sale securities) and property, plant and equipment.    

 Geographic Information 
 Sales are attributed to the United States and to all foreign countries based on the location from which the sale originated. Revenues from external customers and long-lived assets attributable to an individual country, other than the United States, China and The Netherlands, were not material for disclosure. 
 Revenues from external customers and long-lived asset information by geographic area are summarized as follows: 

90 
 
    Note V. Unaudited Quarterly Financial Information  
 Unaudited financial results by quarter for fiscal 2016 and 2015 are summarized below: 

91 
 
        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST  ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Cabot Corporation 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cabot Corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders  equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Cabot Corporation and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 23, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 /s/ Deloitte   Touche LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 November 23, 2016 
 92 
 
    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Cabot Corporation 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Cabot Corporation and subsidiaries (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in  Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2016 of the Company and our report dated November 23, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 /s/ Deloitte   Touche LLP 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 November 23, 2016 

93 
 
    PART II  

Item 9.   
 
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure     

 None. 

Item 9A.   
 
      Controls and Procedures     

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Cabot carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation, Cabot s President and Chief Executive Officer and its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective with respect to the recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, of information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act and such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Cabot s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Cabot. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive and principal financial officers, and effected by the company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;    

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and    

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Cabot s management assessed the effectiveness of Cabot s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 based on the framework established in  Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  Based on this assessment, Cabot s management concluded that Cabot s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016. 
 Cabot s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 has been audited by Deloitte   Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report above. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.   
 
      Other Information     

 None. 
   
 94 
 
        PART   III  

Item 10.   
 
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance      

 Certain information regarding our executive officers is included at the end of Part I of this annual report under the heading  Executive Officers of the Registrant.   
 Cabot has adopted a Code of Business Ethics that applies to all of the Company s employees and directors, including the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller and other senior financial officers. The Code of Business Ethics is posted on our website, www.cabotcorp.com (under the  About Cabot  caption under  Company ). We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the Code of Business Ethics applicable to the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller or other senior financial officers by posting such information on our website.  
 The other information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ( Proxy Statement ) and is herein incorporated by reference.  

Item 11.   
 
      Executive Compensation      

 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.  

Item 12.   
 
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters     

 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item  13.   
 
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence      

 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.  

Item  14.   
 
      Principal Accounting Fees and Services      

 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.  

95 
 
        PART   IV  

Item 15.   
 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules     

(a)   
 
  Financial Statements . See  Index to Financial Statements  under Item 8 on page 43 of this Form 10-K.     

(b)   
 
  Exhibits . (Certain exhibits not included in copies of the Form 10-K sent to stockholders.)     

 The exhibit numbers in the following list correspond to the numbers assigned to such exhibits in the Exhibit Table of Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Cabot will furnish to any stockholder, upon written request, any exhibit listed below, upon payment by such stockholder of the Company s reasonable expenses in furnishing such exhibit.  

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description  

3(a)  

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cabot Corporation effective January 9, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2008, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2009).  

3(b)  

The By-laws of Cabot Corporation as amended January 8, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Cabot s Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2015, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016).  

4(a)(i)  

Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1987, between Cabot Corporation and The First National Bank of Boston, Trustee (the  Indenture ) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 of Amendment No. 1 to Cabot s Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration Statement No. 33-18883, filed with the SEC on December 10, 1987).  

4(a)(ii)  

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 1992, to the Indenture (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Cabot s Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration Statement No. 33-48686, filed with the SEC on June 18, 1992).  

4(a)(iii)  

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 1997, between Cabot Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust Company, Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 1996, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 14, 1997).  

4(a)(iv)  

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 20, 1998, between Cabot Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust Company, Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 20, 1998, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 20, 1998).  

4(a)(v)  

Indenture, dated as of September 21, 2009, between Cabot Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot s Registration Statement on Form S-3 ASR, Registration Statement No. 333-162021, filed with the SEC on September 21, 2009).  

4(a)(vi)  

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 12, 2012 between Cabot Corporation, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, including the form of Global Note attached as Annex A thereto, supplementing the Indenture dated as of September 21, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 9, 2012, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on July 12, 2012).  

4(a)(vii)  

Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2016, between Cabot Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on September 15, 2016).  

4(a)(viii)  

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2016, between Cabot Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, including the form of Global Note attached as Annex A thereto, supplementing the Indenture dated as of September 15, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Cabot Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on September 15, 2016).  

10(a)  

Credit Agreement, dated October 23, 2015, among Cabot Corporation, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citibank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., TD Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(a) of Cabot s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 25, 2015).  

10(b)(i)*  

2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B of Cabot s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2012).  

96 

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description  

10(b)(ii)*   

2015 Directors  Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B of Cabot s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on January 28, 2015).  

10(b)(iii)*  

Cabot Corporation Short-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B of Cabot Corporation s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on January 28, 2016).  

10(c)*  

Summary of Compensation for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(c) of Cabot s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 25, 2015).  

10(d)*  

Cabot Corporation Amended and Restated Senior Management Severance Protection Plan, dated March 9, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2012, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2012).  

10(e)*  

Form of Performance-Based Stock Unit Award Certificate under the Cabot Corporation 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016).  

10(f)*  

Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate under the Cabot Corporation 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Cabot Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016).  

10(g)*  

Form of Stock Option Award Certificate under the Cabot Corporation 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Cabot Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016).  

10(h)*  

Cabot Corporation Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan, amended and restated January 1, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2013, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 6, 2014).  

10(i)*  

Cabot Corporation Non-Employee Directors  Deferral Plan, amended and restated January 1, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2013, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 6, 2014).  

10(j)*  

Employment Agreement between Nicholas Stewart Cross and Cabot Switzerland GmbH effective April 1, 2010, as modified by the Assignment Letter between Nicholas Cross and Cabot Corporation effective May 15, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2015, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on August 6, 2015).  

10(k)  

Asset Transfer Agreement, dated as of June 13, 1995, among Cabot Safety Corporation, Cabot Canada Ltd., Cabot Safety Limited, Cabot Corporation, Cabot Safety Holdings Corporation and Cabot Safety Acquisition Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2(a) of Cabot Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 11, 1995, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on July 26, 1995).  

21   

Subsidiaries of Cabot Corporation.  

23   

Consent of Deloitte   Touche LLP.  

31(i)   

Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act.  

31(ii)   

Certification of Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act.  

32    

Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

101.INS   

XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL   

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB   

XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document.  

97 

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description  

101.PRE    

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document.  

*   
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.     

Filed herewith.     

Furnished herewith.     

(c)   
 
  Schedules . The Schedules have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.     

98 
 
        SIGNA  TURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CABOT CORPORATION  

BY:  
 
 / S /    SEAN D. KEOHANE  

Sean D. Keohane 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 23, 2016 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures  

Title  

Date  

/s/    SEAN D. KEOHANE  

Director, President and  

November 23, 2016  

Sean D. Keohane  

Chief Executive Officer  

/s/    EDUARDO E. CORDEIRO  

Executive Vice President and  

November 23, 2016  

Eduardo E. Cordeiro  

Chief Financial Officer  

(principal financial officer)  

/s/    JAMES P. KELLY  

Vice President and Controller  

November 23, 2016  

James P. Kelly  

(principal accounting officer)  

/s/    JOHN F. O BRIEN  

Director, Non-Executive  

November 23, 2016  

John F. O Brien  

Chairman of the Board  

/s/    JUAN ENRIQUEZ  

Director  

November 23, 2016  

Juan Enriquez  

/s/    WILLIAM C. KIRBY  

Director  

November 23, 2016  

William C. Kirby  

/s/    RODERICK C.G. MACLEOD  

Director  

November 23, 2016  

Roderick C.G. MacLeod  

/s/    JOHN K. MCGILLICUDDY  

Director  

November 23, 2016  

John K. McGillicuddy  

/s/    PATRICK M. PREVOST  

Director  

November 23, 2016  

Patrick M. Prevost  

/s/    SUE H. RATAJ  

Director  

November 23, 2016  

Sue H. Rataj  

/s/    LYDIA W. THOMAS  

Director  

November 23, 2016  

Lydia W. Thomas  

/s/    MATTHIAS L. WOLFGRUBER  

Director  

November 23, 2016  

Matthias L. Wolfgruber  

/s/    MARK S. WRIGHTON  

Director  

November 23, 2016  

Mark S. Wrighton  

99 
 
        EXHIBIT   INDEX  

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description  

3(a)  

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cabot Corporation effective January 9, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2008, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2009).  

3(b)  

The By-laws of Cabot Corporation as amended January 8, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Cabot s Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2015, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016).  

4(a)(i)  

Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1987, between Cabot Corporation and The First National Bank of Boston, Trustee (the  Indenture ) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 of Amendment No. 1 to Cabot s Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration Statement No. 33-18883, filed with the SEC on December 10, 1987).  

4(a)(ii)  

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 17, 1992, to the Indenture (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Cabot s Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration Statement No. 33-48686, filed with the SEC on June 18, 1992).  

4(a)(iii)  

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 1997, between Cabot Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust Company, Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 1996, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 14, 1997).  

4(a)(iv)  

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 20, 1998, between Cabot Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust Company, Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 20, 1998, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 20, 1998).  

4(a)(v)  

Indenture, dated as of September 21, 2009, between Cabot Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot s Registration Statement on Form S-3 ASR, Registration Statement No. 333-162021, filed with the SEC on September 21, 2009).  

4(a)(vi)  

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 12, 2012 between Cabot Corporation, as Issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, including the form of Global Note attached as Annex A thereto, supplementing the Indenture dated as of September 21, 2009 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 9, 2012, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on July 12, 2012).  

4(a)(vii)  

Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2016, between Cabot Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on September 15, 2016).  

4(a)(viii)  

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2016, between Cabot Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, including the form of Global Note attached as Annex A thereto, supplementing the Indenture dated as of September 15, 2016 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Cabot Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 15, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on September 15, 2016).  

10(a)  

Credit Agreement, dated October 23, 2015, among Cabot Corporation, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citibank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Mizuho Bank, Ltd., TD Bank, N.A., and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(a) of Cabot s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 25, 2015).  

10(b)(i)*  

2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B of Cabot s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2012).  

10(b)(ii)*  

2015 Directors  Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B of Cabot s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on January 28, 2015).  

100 

Exhibit 
 Number  

Description  

10(b)(iii)*   

Cabot Corporation Short-Term Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B of Cabot Corporation s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on January 28, 2016).  

10(c)*  

Summary of Compensation for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(c) of Cabot s Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2015, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on November 25, 2015).  

10(d)*  

Cabot Corporation Amended and Restated Senior Management Severance Protection Plan, dated March 9, 2012 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2012, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2012).  

10(e)*  

Form of Performance-Based Stock Unit Award Certificate under the Cabot Corporation 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016).  

10(f)*  

Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate under the Cabot Corporation 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Cabot Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016).  

10(g)*  

Form of Stock Option Award Certificate under the Cabot Corporation 2009 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Cabot Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2016, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on May 6, 2016).  

10(h)*  

Cabot Corporation Deferred Compensation and Supplemental Retirement Plan, amended and restated January 1, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2013, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 6, 2014).  

10(i)*  

Cabot Corporation Non-Employee Directors  Deferral Plan, amended and restated January 1, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Cabot s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2013, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on February 6, 2014).  

10(j)*  

Employment Agreement between Nicholas Stewart Cross and Cabot Switzerland GmbH effective April 1, 2010, as modified by the Assignment Letter between Nicholas Cross and Cabot Corporation effective May 15, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2015, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on August 6, 2015).  

10(k)  

Asset Transfer Agreement, dated as of June 13, 1995, among Cabot Safety Corporation, Cabot Canada Ltd., Cabot Safety Limited, Cabot Corporation, Cabot Safety Holdings Corporation and Cabot Safety Acquisition Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2(a) of Cabot Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 11, 1995, file reference 1-5667, filed with the SEC on July 26, 1995).  

21   

Subsidiaries of Cabot Corporation.  

23   

Consent of Deloitte   Touche LLP.  

31(i)   

Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act.  

31(ii)   

Certification of Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act.  

32    

Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.  

101.INS   

XBRL Instance Document.  

101.SCH   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  

101.CAL   

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document.  

101.DEF   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.  

101.LAB   

XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document.  

101.PRE   

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document.  

*   
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.     

 101 

Filed herewith.      

Furnished herewith.     

102  

<EX-21>
 2
 cbt-ex21_976.htm
 EX-21

cbt-ex21_976.htm

Exhibit 21  
 Subsidiaries of Cabot Corporation (as of September 30, 2016) 

Subsidiary 

State/Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Cabot Argentina S.A.I.C.  
 
 Argentina  

Cabot Australasia Pty. Ltd.  
 
 Australia  

Cabot Australasia Investments Pty. Ltd.  
 
 Australia  

Cabot Plastics Belgium S.A.  
 
 Belgium  

Specialty Chemicals Coordination Center S.P.R.L.  
 
 Belgium  

Cabot Performance Materials Belgium S.P.R.L.  
 
 Belgium  

N.V. Norit Belgium  
 
 Belgium  

Cabot (Bermuda) Ltd.  
 
 Bermuda  

Cabot Brasil Industria e Com rcio Ltda.  
 
 Brazil  

Tantalum Mining Corporation of Canada Limited  
 
 Manitoba, Canada  

Coltan Mines Limited  
 
 Manitoba, Canada  

Cabot Finance N.B. LP  
 
 New Brunswick, Canada  

Cabot Canada Ltd.  
 
 Ontario, Canada  

Cabot Norit Canada Inc.  
 
 New Brunswick, Canada  

Cabot Plastics Hong Kong Limited  
 
 China  

Shanghai Cabot Chemical Company Ltd.  
 
 China  

Cabot Trading (Shanghai) Company Ltd.  
 
 China  

Cabot (China) Limited  
 
 China  

Cabot Bluestar Chemical (Jiangxi) Co., Ltd.  
 
 China  

Cabot Chemical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.  
 
 China  

Cabot Performance Products (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.  
 
 China  

Cabot Risun Chemical (Xingtai) Co., Ltd.  
 
 China  

Norit China Limited  
 
 China  

Cabot Colombiana S.A.  
 
 Colombia  

CS Cabot spol, s.r.o.  
 
 Czech Republic  

Cabot Czech Holding Company s.r.o.  
 
 Czech Republic  

Cabot France S.A.S.  
 
 France  

Cabot Carbone S.A.S.  
 
 France  

Cabot GmbH  
 
 Germany  

Cabot Holdings I GmbH  
 
 Germany  

Cabot Holdings II GmbH  
 
 Germany  

Cabot Aerogel GmbH  
 
 Germany  

Subsidiary 

State/Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Cabot India Limited  
 
 India  

P.T. Cabot Indonesia  
 
 Indonesia  

Cabot Italiana S.p.A.  
 
 Italy  

Cabot Performance Materials Italy S.r.l  
 
 Italy  

Cabot Norit Italia S.p.A.  
 
 Italy  

Aizu Holdings G.K.  
 
 Japan  

Cabot Asia Kumiai  
 
 Japan  

Cabot Japan K.K.  
 
 Japan  

Cabot Supermetals K.K.  
 
 Japan  

Cabot Norit Japan Co. Ltd.  
 
 Japan  

Cabot Korea Y.H.  
 
 Korea  

SIA Cabot Latvia  
 
 Latvia  

Cabot Luxembourg Holdings S.a.r.l.  
 
 Luxembourg  

Cabot Luxembourg Investments S.a.r.l.  
 
 Luxembourg  

Cabot Luxembourg Finance S.a.r.l.  
 
 Luxembourg  

Cabot Luxembourg TC S.a.r.l.  
 
 Luxembourg  

Cabot NHUMO Holdings I S.a.r.l.  
 
 Luxembourg  

Cabot NHUMO Holdings II S.a.r.l.  
 
 Luxembourg  

Cabot Asia Sdn. Bhd.  
 
 Malaysia  

Cabot Elastomer Composites Sdn Bhd.  
 
 Malaysia  

Cabot Materials Research Sdn Bhd.  
 
 Malaysia  

Cabot (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.  
 
 Malaysia  

CMHC, Inc.  
 
 Mauritius  

Cabot Specialty Fluids (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.  
 
 Singapore  

Cabot Norit Singapore Pte. Ltd.  
 
 Singapore  

Cabot Specialty Fluids Mexico S. de R. L. de C.V.  
 
 Mexico  

Cabot NHUMO Holding S.A.P.I., de C.V.  
 
 Mexico  

Cabot Specialty Chemicals Mexico S.A.P.I. de C.V. (formerly NHUMO, S.A.P.I. de C.V.)  
 
 Mexico  

Altamira Carbon, S.A. de C.V.  
 
 Mexico  

Mexico Reinforcement Materials, S.A.P.I. de C.V.  
 
 Mexico  

Cabot S.A.  
 
 Spain  

Cabot International GmbH  
 
 Switzerland  

Cabot Switzerland GmbH  
 
 Switzerland  

Cabot B.V.  
 
 The Netherlands  

Cabot Finance B.V.  
 
 The Netherlands  

Cabot Activated Carbon B.V.  
 
 The Netherlands  

Cabot Performance Materials Netherlands B.V.  
 
 The Netherlands  

Subsidiary 

State/Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Norit Holding B.V.   
 
 The Netherlands  

Norit International N.V.  
 
 The Netherlands  

Norit Real Estate B.V.  
 
 The Netherlands  

Norit EAPA Holding B.V.  
 
 The Netherlands  

Cabot Norit Nederland B.V.  
 
 The Netherlands  

Cabot Norit Technology Holdings B.V.  
 
 The Netherlands  

Cabot Norit Technology B.V.  
 
 The Netherlands  

Black Rose Investments Limited  
 
 British Virgin Islands  

Drag n Verde Investments Limited  
 
 British Virgin Islands  

AHB Investments Limited  
 
 British Virgin Islands  

HDF Investments Limited  
 
 British Virgin Islands  

Ramaai Holdings Limited  
 
 British Virgin Islands  

Cabot Performance Products FZE  
 
 Dubai, United Arab Emirates  

Botsel Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot Carbon Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot G.B. Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot Plastics Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot U.K. Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot UK Holdings Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot UK Holdings II Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot UK Holdings III Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot Performance Materials UK Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot Specialty Fluids Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (Scotland)  

Cabot Specialty Fluids North Sea Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (Scotland)  

Norit (UK) Holding Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (Scotland)  

Cabot Norit (UK) Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (Scotland)  

Purton Carbons Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (Scotland)  

Anglo Dutch Water Carbons Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot Activated Carbon Holdings UK Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

Cabot Activated Carbon UK Limited  
 
 United Kingdom (England)  

BCB Company  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot Asia Investments Corporation  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot Ceramics, Inc.  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot Corporation Foundation, Inc.  
 
 Massachusetts, United States  

Cabot CSC LLC  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot Europe Limited  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot Holdings LLC  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot Insurance Co. Ltd. (Vermont)  
 
 Vermont, United States  

Subsidiary 

State/Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

Cabot International Limited   
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot International Capital Corporation  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot International Services Corporation  
 
 Massachusetts, United States  

Cabot Specialty Chemicals, Inc.  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot Specialty Fluids, Inc.  
 
 Delaware, United States  

CDE Company  
 
 Delaware, United States  

CDE II LLC  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Energy Transport Limited  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot US Finance LLC  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot US Investments LLC  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Kawecki Chemicals, Inc.  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Norit Americas Holding Inc.  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot Norit Americas Inc.  
 
 Georgia, United States  

Marshall Mine LLC  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Cabot Activated Carbon LLC  
 
 Delaware, United States  

Representaciones 1, 2 y 3 C.A.  
 
 Venezuela  

Valores Ramaai C.A.  
 
 Venezuela  

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 cbt-ex23_8.htm
 EX-23

cbt-ex23_8.htm

Exhibit 23  
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-204365, 333-177176, 333-19103, 333-19099, 333-96881, 333-134134, 333-158991, 333-161253 and 333-181391 on Forms S-8 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-162021 and 333-213008 on Form S-3 of our reports dated November 23, 2016, relating to the financial statements of Cabot Corporation, and the effectiveness of Cabot Corporation s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cabot Corporation for the year ended September 30, 2016.  
 /s/ Deloitte   Touche LLP  
 Boston, Massachusetts  
 November 23, 2016  

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 cbt-ex311_12.htm
 EX-31.1

cbt-ex311_12.htm

Exhibit 31(i)  
 Principal Executive Officer Certification  
 I, Sean D. Keohane, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cabot Corporation;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 23, 2016  

/ S /    SEAN D. KEOHANE  

Sean D. Keohane 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 cbt-ex312_9.htm
 EX-31.2

cbt-ex312_9.htm

Exhibit 31(ii)  
 Principal Financial Officer Certification  
 I, Eduardo E. Cordeiro, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cabot Corporation;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 23, 2016  

/s/    EDUARDO E. CORDEIRO  

Eduardo E. Cordeiro 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 cbt-ex32_11.htm
 EX-32

cbt-ex32_11.htm

Exhibit 32 
 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the  
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
 In connection with the filing of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) by Cabot Corporation (the  Company ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge:  

1.   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and     

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.     

November 23, 2016  

/s/    SEAN D. KEOHANE  

Sean D. Keohane 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer  

November 23, 2016  

/s/    E DUARDO  E. C ORDEIRO   

Eduardo E. Cordeiro 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 cbt-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cbt-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cbt-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cbt-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cbt-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cbt-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

