<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1562107_0001469709-16-000939_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1105878</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>62342</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>88508</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>194100</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>356372</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>306865</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>11</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001469709-16-000939.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104103557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001469709-16-000939
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Accurexa Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001562107
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				472999657
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54907
		FILM NUMBER:		161973981

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		113 BARKSDALE
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19711
		BUSINESS PHONE:		302-709-1822

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		113 BARKSDALE
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19711

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cyto Wave Technologies Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121113

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001469709-16-000939.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 acxa10q_093016apg.htm
 ACXA 10-Q 09/30/16

ACXA 10-Q 09/30/16            UNITED STATES     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION     Washington, D.C. 20549         FORM 10-Q         [X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934        For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016         or        [   ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934        For the transition period from ______ to _____           Commission File Number:   000-54907               ACCUREXA INC.     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    [X] Yes   [   ] No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   [X] Yes   [   ] No              Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                 Large accelerated filer   [   ]   Accelerated filer   [   ]   Non-accelerated filer   [   ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   Smaller reporting company   [X]              Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).   [   ] Yes   [X] No       APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:       Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of stock, as of the latest practicable date.                  2                      TABLE OF CONTENTS                         PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION              4          Item 1.       Financial Statements              4          Item 2.       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations              13          Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk              17          Item 4.       Controls and Procedures              17           PART II   OTHER INFORMATION              20          Item 1.       Legal Proceedings              20          Item 1A.       Risk Factors              20          Item 2.       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds              20           Item 3.        Exhibits               20          SIGNATURES                    21                 3                      PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION          ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                   4                                     5                                6                                  7              ACCUREXA INC.      Notes To Interim Financial Statements        (Unaudited)                  1 - INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        The accompanying interim financial statements have been prepared by the Company without audit.  In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include only normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly the financial position, results of operations, and cash flows at September 30, 2016, and for all periods presented herein, have been made.       Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted.  It is suggested that these interim financial statements be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's December 31, 2015 audited financial statements. The results of operations for the period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year.        2 - GOING CONCERN        The Company's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations.       In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management's plan is to obtain such resources for the Company by obtaining capital from management and significant shareholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses and seeking equity and/or debt financing. However, management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.       The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.        3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES         Use of Estimates    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.        Recent Accounting Pronouncements    Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of our financial statements. The Company s management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.            8              ACCUREXA INC.      Notes To Interim Financial Statements        (Unaudited)                  Cash and Cash Equivalents    Cash equivalents comprise of certain highly liquid instruments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased.          Marketable Securities    All marketable securities are classified as available-for-sale since these instruments are readily marketable. These securities are carried at fair value, which is based on readily available market information.          4   PREPAID ASSETS        On January 12, 2015, the Company and the Lim Development Group ( Consultant ) entered into a consulting agreement ( Agreement ) under which the Consultant provides scientific advisory to the Company in the development, partnering and commercialization of the  Microinjection Brain Catheter  (a.k.a. BranchPoint device) that the Company exclusively licensed from the University of California San Francisco ( UCSF ) on September 16, 2014.  As consideration for provided services, the Company issued a promissory note ( Note ) in the amount of $200,000 at an interest rate of 5.00% per annum to the Consultant.  The principal amount of the Note is amortized on a straight-line basis over the 24-month term of the Agreement.       On February 18, 2015, the Company entered into a consulting agreement ( Agreement ) with the Capital Communications Group ( Consultant ) under which the Consultant assists the Company in its efforts to gain greater recognition and awareness among relevant investors in the public capital markets on a non-exclusive basis.  In connection with the Agreement, the Company issued a four-year Warrant ( Warrant ) to the Consultant under which the Consultant is entitled to purchase from the Company up to 200,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock ( Warrant Shares ) at an exercise price of $0.50 per Share ( Exercise Price ).  The Warrant is exercisable, in whole or in part, during the term commencing on the issuance date of the Warrant on February 18, 2015 and ending on February 18, 2019 (the  Exercise Period ).  The 200,000 Warrant Shares are valued at $527,500 based on the Black-Scholes formula and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the 24-month term of the Agreement.       On August 11, 2015 ( Effective Date ), the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement ( ACL License ) with Accelerating Combination Therapies LLC ( ACL ) in regards to the exclusive licensing of the issued U.S. Patent No. 8,895,597 B2  Combination of Local Temozolomide with Local BCNU  ( Patent Rights ).  Under the ACL License, the Company is required to pay ACL a license issue fee of 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock to be issued within 6 months after the Effective Date. The 1,000,000 shares of common stock are valued at $1.13 per share, equal to the publicly traded share price on the Effective Date, are capitalized in the amount of $1,130,000, and amortized over an expected patent life of 15 years.        5   FIXED ASSETS        The Company has purchased equipment to support the development of its prototype device which are capitalized in the amount of $134,113 as fixed assets on the Company s balance sheet.  The equipment is amortized on a straight-line basis over 5 years.            9              ACCUREXA INC.      Notes To Interim Financial Statements        (Unaudited)                  6 - CONVERTIBLE NOTES        On July 25, 2013, the Company entered into a secured convertible note ( Note ) under which the Company received $350,000 from the convertible note holder ( Holder ) and is obligated to pay to the Holder the full principal amount after 36 months from the date of the Note, plus an interest at the rate of 10.0% per year payable at the end of each year from the date of the Note.  The Note was extended for 12 months on July 25, 2016.  The Holder has the right to convert the Note, in whole or in part, into shares of common stock of the Company ( Common Stock ) at a fixed rate of $0.50 per share (the  Conversion Price ) at any time.  The Company may prepay the Note in whole or in part at any time for cash on 15 business days  prior written notice, subject to the right of the Holder to convert into shares of Common Stock of the Company prior to any prepayment.  The Note agreement was filed on August 14, 2013 as an exhibit to Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2013.       On July 15, 2014, the Company entered into a secured convertible note ( Note ) under which the Company received $20,000 from the convertible note holder ( Holder ) and is obligated to pay to the Holder the full principal amount after 36 months from the date of the Note.  The Holder has the right to convert the Note, in whole or in part, into shares of common stock of the Company ( Common Stock ) at a "Variable Conversion Price" of 50% multiplied by the Market Price (representing a discount rate of 50%).  Market Price  means the average of the Closing Trading Prices for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. The Company may prepay the Note in whole or in part at any time for cash on 15 business days  prior written notice, subject to the right of the Holder to convert into shares of Common Stock of the Company prior to any prepayment. The Company has determined the value associated with the beneficial conversion feature in connection with the notes to be $20,000. The aggregate beneficial conversion feature was accreted and charged to interest expense in the amount of $8,060 as of September 30, 2015, and will be amortized until July 15, 2017.         On January 12, 2015, the Company and the Lim Development Group ( Consultant ) entered into a consulting agreement ( Agreement ) under which the Consultant provides scientific advisory to the Company in the development, partnering and commercialization of the  Microinjection Brain Catheter  (a.k.a. BranchPoint device) that the Company exclusively licensed from the University of California San Francisco ( UCSF ) on September 16, 2014.  The Consultant will also serve as a member of the Company s newly formed Scientific Advisory Board.  The term of the Agreement shall be two years and may be extended by mutual agreement of both parties. As consideration for provided services during the term of the Agreement, the Consultant shall receive either a project fee or an hourly rate, either of which will be determined and agreed upon by both parties prior to commencement of any work or project.  Under the Agreement, the Company also issued a promissory note ( Note ) in the amount of $200,000 and at an interest rate of 5.00% per annum to the Consultant.  Under the Note, the Consultant shall have the right, exercisable at any time at the Consultant s sole discretion, to convert all or a portion of the outstanding principal amount of and all accrued interest under the Note, in whole or in part, into shares of common stock of the Company (the  Shares ) at a conversion price of $0.20 per share.  The Shares are issuable pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are to be exempt from registration by reason of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ), and are to bear an appropriate restrictive legend.  A full description of the Agreement was filed as exhibit 10.1 and of the Note was filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K as of January 13, 2015.            10              ACCUREXA INC.      Notes To Interim Financial Statements        (Unaudited)                  7   CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK        On June 22, 2015, the Company closed a private placement of 2,250 shares of the Company's convertible preferred stock for gross proceeds to the Company of $2,250,000 and net proceeds of $1,993,500.  The convertible preferred stock is convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $1.25 per share. The Preferred Stock has no dividend rights or liquidation preference. If dividends are declared on the Common Stock, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate in such dividends on an as-converted-to-common stock basis. The Company recorded a beneficial conversion feature of $1,980,000 based on the fair value of the common stock and the conversion rate as of the date of the offering.  This amount was recorded as a deemed distribution during the period of the offering.          8 - WARRANTS        In connection with the private placement of 2,250 shares of the Company's convertible preferred stock on June 22, 2015, we issued to the investors warrants to purchase up to 1,800,000 shares of common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of $1.50 per share and are exercisable for 4 years. We also issued an aggregate of 162,000 warrants that were similar to the warrants issued to investors and are exercisable at $1.50 per share for 4 years, to our placement agent and its designees.       The following is a summary of the status of all of the Company s stock warrants as of September 30, 2016 and changes during the periods ended on that date:                  9 - FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT        On July 6, 2015, the Company filed a Form S-1 registration statement that relates to the offer and resale of up to 3,762,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, by the selling stockholders ( Selling Stockholders ) listed in the Form S-1 registration statement ( Selling Stockholders ), issuable to such stockholders upon the conversion of shares of the Company s preferred stock or exercise of an aggregate of 1,800,000 warrants which the Company sold to investors in a private placement, or exercise of an aggregate of 162,000 warrants which the Company issued to its placement agent. In that private placement the Company sold an aggregate of 2,250 shares of its Series A convertible preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share ( Preferred Stock ) for gross proceeds to the Company of $2,250,000. Each share of the Preferred Stock is convertible into 800 shares of the Company s common stock ( Common Stock ) which results in an effective conversion price of $1.25 per share. The Preferred Stock has no dividend rights or liquidation preference. If dividends are declared on the Common Stock, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to participate in such dividends on an as-converted-to-common stock basis. In addition, in the private placement the Company issued to the investors warrants         11              ACCUREXA INC.      Notes To Interim Financial Statements        (Unaudited)                 ( Investor Warrants ) to purchase up to 1,800,000 shares of Common Stock. The Warrants have an exercise price of $1.50 per share and are exercisable through June 21, 2019. The shares of the Company s common stock issuable on exercise of the Investor Warrants are registered under the Company s Form S-1. H.C. Wainwright   Co., LLC ( Placement Agent ) acted as the exclusive placement agent for the placement of the Company s Preferred Stock and Investor Warrants.  The Placement Agent purchased securities in the offering on the same terms and conditions as the other investors.  In addition, the Placement Agent and its designees received an aggregate of 162,000 warrants to purchase the Company s common stock at a price of $1.50 per share through June 21, 2019 ( Agent Warrants ).  The shares underlying the Agent Warrants are registered under the Company s Form S-1. The Company will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares sold by the Selling Stockholders or from the conversion of Preferred Stock.  However, the Company will receive proceeds of $1.50 per share upon the exercise of any Investor Warrants or Agent Warrants.  The Company s Form S-1 registration statement became effective on August 10, 2015.       On August 11, 2015, the Selling Stockholders converted an aggregate of 375 convertible preferred stock into 300,000 shares of common stock that were issued by the Company to the Selling Stockholders.       On September 1, 2015, the Placement Agent converted an aggregate of 250 convertible preferred stock into 200,000 shares of common stock that were issued by the Company to the Placement Agent.        10 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS        On October 17, 2016, we announced a collaboration with StemImmune to develop its stem cell-mediated immunotherapy for the treatment of cancer, such as brain cancer. StemImmune's immunotherapy uses the stealth anti-cancer payload carrying and tumor seeking capacities of a patient's own readily available (adult) stem cells to target cancer. The patient's immune system cannot recognize and react to the "Trojan Horse" stem cells, because they are the patient's own. To date, StemImmune has treated 25 cancer patients with its proprietary technology in a Phase 1 clinical trial that showed that its stem cell-mediated immunotherapy was safe and well-tolerated with no adverse events reported, and demonstrated potential anti-tumor activity which supports further investigation in clinical trials. All patients received treatment through a minimally invasive outpatient procedure.                 12                      ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF OPERATION         Forward Looking Statements        This quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other reports that we file with the SEC contain statements that are considered forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements give the Company s current expectations, plans, objectives, assumptions or forecasts of future events.  All statements other than statements of current or historical fact contained in this quarterly report, including statements regarding the Company s future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected costs and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.  In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  anticipate,   estimate,   plans,   potential,   projects,   ongoing,   expects,   management believes,   we believe,   we intend,  and similar expressions.  These statements are based on the Company s current plans and are subject to risks and uncertainties, and as such the Company s actual future activities and results of operations may be materially different from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.  Any or all of the forward-looking statements in this periodic report may turn out to be inaccurate and as such, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  The Company has based these forward-looking statements largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that it believes may affect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs.  The forward-looking statements can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions due to a number of factors, including:           dependence on key personnel;       competitive factors;       degree of success of clinical trials and research and development programs;       the operation of our business; and       general economic conditions in the United States and Worldwide.       These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.  All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this periodic report.                    Use of Terms        Except as otherwise indicated by the context and for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to:             Accurexa ,  the  Company,   we,   us,  or  our,  are to the business of Accurexa Inc., a Delaware corporation;         SEC  are to the Securities and Exchange Commission;         Securities Act  are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;         Exchange Act  are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;          U.S. dollars,   dollars  and  $  are to the legal currency of the United States.        You should read the following plan of operation together with our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this quarterly report and the most recent Form 10-K. This plan of operation contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. The actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors.        13                  Overview         We are a development stage company. We were incorporated in Delaware on August 29, 2012.  We are focused on developing novel neurological therapies to be directly delivered into specific regions of the brain. We are developing our ACX-31 program for the local delivery of temozolomide as adjunctive therapy to BCNU, both chemotherapeutics, to brain tumor sites. Our ACX-31 program is based on an issued patent licensed from Accelerating Combination Therapies LLC which is co-owned by Dr. Henry Brem, Director of the Neurosurgery Department at Johns Hopkins University ( ACL License ). We are collaborating in the development of our ACX-31 program with Dr. Henry Brem who built one of the largest brain tumor research and treatment centers in the world at Johns Hopkins University.  Dr. Brem is a pioneer in the development of local drug delivery treatments, and invented and developed Gliadel    which is a FDA approved, local chemotherapy for the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme.  We entered into an agreement with the Yissum Research Development Company of The Hebrew University of Jerusalem Ltd. ( Yissum ) to develop and supply a polymeric formulation of a combination of temozolomide and BCNU.  Professor Avi Domb of The Hebrew University of Jerusalem leads the development efforts provided by Yissum.        We are also developing our BranchPoint device that can potentially deliver therapeutics through the radial deployment of a flexible delivery catheter to large and anatomically complex brain targets through a single initial brain penetration. Our BranchPoint device was originally developed at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) with $1.8 million in funding from the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine (CIRM).  It is based on a neurosurgical delivery platform that we have exclusively licensed from UCSF.  It can potentially enable new approaches to neurological therapy and be modified for the delivery of a broad range of novel therapeutics, such as stem cells to treat neurodegenerative diseases, chemotherapeutics to brain tumors and gene therapy vectors.  On November 4, 2015, UCSF requested a pre-IND meeting with the FDA to discuss a collaborative program between UCSF and us to evaluate a combined stem cell/gene transfer candidate therapeutic CNS10-NPC GDNF for the treatment of Parkinson's Disease using our BranchPoint delivery device.  UCSF received a written response from the FDA on March 21, 2016 which provided guidance on the non-clinical activities that are necessary to enable the filing of a future potential IND application.  CNS10-NPC are human fetal neural stem cells that express Glial-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (GDNF) in the treatment of Parkinson's Disease, and are expected to be supplied by the Cedars-Sinai Regenerative Medicine Institute in support of IND (Investigational New Drug) enabling studies.       We cannot assure you that we will be successful with our development activities.          Recent Developments        On July 7, 2016, we filed a new patent application related to our proprietary formulation used in our ACX-31 program.       On August 16, 2016, we received FDA s written response to our pre-IND meeting request regarding our ACX-31 program.  The FDA confirmed the acceptability of a 505(b)(2) application pathway with one first-in-human Phase 2 clinical trial followed by one Phase 3 clinical trial. Key Points of the written response:           Acceptability of a 505(b)(2) application pathway confirmed       Pharmacology studies appear adequate       Non-clinical studies appear adequate with the exception of one GLP-compliant toxicology study in a single animal species using the route and schedule of administration proposed for the planned Phase 2 trial to be required       Phase 2 clinical trial strongly recommended to be conducted in patients with relapsed/recurrent glioblastoma        14                     Proposed Phase 2 trial primary endpoints appear adequate       If an adequately designed Phase 2 trial demonstrates tolerability and suggests activity, FDA would encourage Accurexa to request an End-of-Phase 2 meeting to discuss the design of an adequate and well-controlled, randomized Phase 3 trial       On September 7, 2016, we announced a collaboration with DelMar Pharmaceuticals to develop a novel formulation for the local delivery of combination chemotherapy for the treatment of brain cancer and other solid tumors. Under the terms of the collaboration agreement DelMar will supply VAL-083 (dianhydrogalactitol) to be formulated with our ACX-31 implantable polymer wafer to locally deliver VAL-083 in combination with temozolomide and/or BCNU for the treatment of brain cancer.  DelMar has been granted an exclusive option to license or acquire and commercialize product candidates and intellectual property resulting from the research.       On October 17, 2016, we announced a collaboration with StemImmune to develop its stem cell-mediated immunotherapy for the treatment of cancer, such as brain cancer. StemImmune's immunotherapy uses the stealth anti-cancer payload carrying and tumor seeking capacities of a patient's own readily available (adult) stem cells to target cancer. The patient's immune system cannot recognize and react to the "Trojan Horse" stem cells, because they are the patient's own. To date, StemImmune has treated 25 cancer patients with its proprietary technology in a Phase 1 clinical trial that showed that its stem cell-mediated immunotherapy was safe and well-tolerated with no adverse events reported, and demonstrated potential anti-tumor activity which supports further investigation in clinical trials. All patients received treatment through a minimally invasive outpatient procedure.        Liquidity and Capital Resources and Plan of Operation        The reader is referred to our financial statements included elsewhere herein.  As of September 30, 2016 we had $1,458,126 in cash and cash equivalents. Our current plan is to continue the development of our two programs in our pipeline.         1.   We are developing our ACX-31 program for the delivery of temozolomide as adjunctive therapy to BCNU, both chemotherapeutics, to brain tumor sites.  Temozolomide is a generic, approved chemotherapy drug that is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme concomitantly with radiotherapy and then as maintenance treatment.  Local delivery of temozolomide has been demonstrated to be superior to oral administration in an animal model.  In the scientific publication at Johns Hopkins University  Brem S, Tyler BM, Li K, Pradilla G, Legnani F, Caplan J, et al. Local delivery of temozolomide by biodegradable polymers is superior to oral administration in a rodent glioma model. Cancer Chemother Pharmacol 2007;60:643-50 , it was demonstrated that that intracranial concentrations of temozolomide increased threefold compared with orally delivered temozolomide. In a rodent glioma model, animals treated with a single temozolomide polymer (50% w/w) had a median survival of 28 days (P   0.001 vs. controls, P   0.001 vs. oral treatment), whereas animals treated with oral temozolomide had a median survival of 22 days compared to control animals (median survival of 13 days). Animals treated with two temozolomide polymers (50% w/w) had a median survival of 92 days (P   0.001 vs. controls, P   0.001 vs. oral treatment). The percentage of long-term survivors (LTS) for groups receiving intracranial temozolomide ranged from 25 to 37.5%; there were no LTS with oral temozolomide treatment. Animals treated with radiation therapy (XRT) and intracranial temozolomide (median survival not reached, LTS = 87.5%) demonstrated improved survival compared to those with intracranial temozolomide alone (median survival, 41 days; LTS = 37.5%), or oral temozolomide and XRT (median survival, 43 days, LTS = 38.9%).  BCNU (carmustine) is a chemotherapy drug that is contained in Gliadel   , a biodegradable polymer that is implanted locally into the resection cavity after surgical removal of a brain tumor and is indicated for the treatment of newly diagnosed and recurrent glioblastoma multiforme.  In another scientific publication at Johns Hopkins University  Renard Recinos V, Tyler BM, Brem H, et al. Combination of intracranial temozolomide with intracranial carmustine improves survival when compared with          15                  either treatment alone in a rodent glioma model. Neurosurgery 2010; 66:530-537,  it was shown that the additive effect of combined delivery of local temozolomide with local BCNU, especially in combination with radiotherapy, was significantly more effective than delivery of either drug alone or one systemically and one locally, either with or without radiation. Groups treated with combination of local temozolomide, local BCNU and radiation therapy had 75% long-term survivors.       2.   We are developing our BranchPoint device that can potentially deliver therapeutics through the radial deployment of a flexible delivery catheter to large and anatomically complex brain targets through a single initial brain penetration. It can potentially enable new approaches to neurological therapy and be modified for the delivery of a broad range of novel therapeutics, such as stem cells to treat neurodegenerative diseases, chemotherapeutics to brain tumors and gene therapy vectors. On November 4, 2015, UCSF requested a pre-IND meeting with the FDA to discuss a collaborative program between UCSF and us to evaluate a combined stem cell/gene transfer candidate therapeutic CNS10-NPC GDNF for the treatment of Parkinson's Disease using our BranchPoint delivery device. UCSF received a written response from the FDA on March 21, 2016 which provided guidance on the non-clinical activities that are necessary to enable the filing of a future potential IND application. CNS10-NPC are human fetal neural stem cells that express Glial-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (GDNF) in the treatment of Parkinson's Disease, and are expected to be supplied by the Cedars-Sinai Regenerative Medicine Institute in support of IND enabling studies.       The development of our programs is estimated to cost approximately $5-7 million over 4-5 years as a standalone company. However, we may seek to pursue a strategic collaboration partnership which may accelerate the development timeline, share expenses, and also provide access to ex-US markets.  The development of our programs may also cost substantially more than $5-7 million and may require a substantially longer development timeline than 4-5 years.  Higher development expenses and delays may be caused by but are not limited to sub-optimal product performance and continued product optimization cycles, adverse clinical results and repeat of clinical trials, or delays of an FDA approval.  In such a scenario, we may not be able to secure sufficient funding or a strategic collaboration partnership and could cease operations under such circumstances.       We are actively seeking additional capital investment.  We cannot assure you that we will have access to the necessary funding or that if available it will be available on terms that are not dilutive to our present shareholders. If the funding is not available, we may have to severely curtail or cease operations.         Results of Operations          Revenues         We had no revenues as a development stage company for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.         Operating Expenses          Depreciation and Amortization Expenses:   Depreciation and Amortization expenses were $32,005 and $31,608 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The expenses were primarily incurred by the purchase of equipment required to support the development of our prototype device. The cost of the equipment is amortized on a straight-line basis over 5 years.        Research and Development:   Research and development expenses were $835,651 and $431,095 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase was due to the development efforts, formulation work and regulatory filings with the FDA associated with our ACX-31 program.            16                  General and Administrative:   General and administrative expenses were $471,910 and $870,487 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to the expiration of the consulting agreements with our investor relations and media consultants and associated share issuances.         Net Losses         We had net losses of $1,449,225 and $1,239,829 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The losses were primarily incurred by the development efforts, formulation work and regulatory filings with the FDA associated with our ACX-31 program and professional fees.        Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements        We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues, and results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures.          ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK        As a smaller reporting company  (as defined by  229.10(f)(1)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item.         ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) require public companies to maintain  disclosure controls and procedures,  which are defined as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.  Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.       We conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer who is also our Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016.  Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer has concluded that as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses described below.       In light of the material weaknesses described below, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures to ensure our financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  Accordingly, we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.       A material weakness is a control deficiency (within the meaning of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) Auditing Standard No. 2) or combination of control deficiencies that result in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected.  Management has identified the following two material weaknesses which have caused management to conclude that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level:            17                 1.  We do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures.  Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which is applicable to us for the quarter ending September 30, 2016.  Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have written documentation of our internal controls and procedures on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness.       2.  We do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control.  Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible.  However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals.  Management evaluated the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure controls and procedures and has concluded that the control deficiency that resulted represented a material weakness.       To address these material weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.        Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting        Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the issuer s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that:                             1.      Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the issuer;                                        2.      Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and                                        3.      Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.          Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.  Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.  Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting.  However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process.  Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk.       As of the end of our most recent quarter, management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring         18                 Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments.  Based on that evaluation, they concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, such internal control over financial reporting was not effective.  This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.       The matters involving internal control over financial reporting that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee due to a lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; and (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives of having segregation of the initiation of transactions, the recording of transactions and the custody of assets.  The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of September 30, 2016.       Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth in items (1) and (2) above did not have an effect on our financial results.  However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods.       This quarterly report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.  Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only the management's report in this annual report.        Management's Remediation Initiatives        In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated, or plan to initiate, the following series of measures:       We will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. First, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives of having separate individuals perform (i) the initiation of transactions, (ii) the recording of transactions and (iii) the custody of assets.  Second, we will create a senior position to focus on financial reporting and standardizing and documenting our accounting procedures with the goal of increasing the effectiveness of the internal controls in preventing and detecting misstatements of accounting information.  Third, we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when funds are available to us.        Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board.  Due to our small size and limited resources we could experience delays in implementation.                 19                      PART II   OTHER INFORMATION          ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS        We are not currently a defendant in any legal proceeding or governmental proceeding nor are we currently aware of any pending legal proceeding or governmental proceeding proposed to be initiated against us. There are no proceedings in which any of our current directors, executive officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to us.         ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS        The Company, as a  smaller reporting company  (as defined by  229.10(f)(1)), is not required to provide the information required by this Item.         ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES          On July 20, 2016, we issued 450,000 shares of the Company s common stock in connection with entering into a patent assignment agreement under which the Company was assigned the patent rights to the new patent application related to the proprietary formulation used in our ACX-31 program. These shares were issued pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are exempt from registration by reason of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ), and bear an appropriate restrictive legend.         On August 8, 2016, we issued 18,138 shares of the Company s common stock in connection with the consulting agreement that we entered into with an investor relations consultant on February 4, 2015. These shares were issued pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, were exempt from registration by reason of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Act ), and bear an appropriate restrictive legend.        ITEM 3. EXHIBITS                            20                      SIGNATURES        Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.                               ACCUREXA INC.              November 4, 2016       /s/ George Yu    George Yu   President and Chief Executive Officer   (Principal Executive Officer)               21                      EXHIBIT INDEX                   22       

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1apg.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 Certification                Exhibit 31.1          CERTIFICATIONS        I, George Yu, certify that:                                 1.       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ACCUREXA INC.;                                               2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                                               3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                                               4.       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                                                      a)       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                                                      b)       Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                                                      c)       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                                                      d)       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                                               5.       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                                                      a)       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                                                      b)       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
                    Date: November 4, 2016                                  /s/ George Yu                George Yu                 Chief Executive Officer                  (Principal Executive Officer)             

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2apg.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 Certification                Exhibit 31.2          CERTIFICATIONS        I, George Yu, certify that:                                1.       I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ACCUREXA INC.;                                               2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;                                               3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;                                               4.       The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:                                                      a)       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;                                                      b)       Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;                                                      c)       Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and                                                      d)       Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and                                               5.       The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):                                                      a)       All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and                                                      b)       Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    
                    Date: November 4, 2016                                  /s/ George Yu                 George Yu                 Principal Financial Officer                  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)             

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1apg.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certification                Exhibit 32.1          
           The undersigned, George Yu, the Chief Executive Officer of ACCUREXA INC. (the  Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that:            1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and            2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this statement this 4 th  day of November, 2016.                            /s/ George Yu                 George Yu                 Chief Executive Officer                  (Principal Executive Officer)      
      A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.       The forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.          

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32_2apg.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 Certification                Exhibit 32.2          
           The undersigned, George Yu, the Principal Financial Officer of ACCUREXA INC (the  Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that:            1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and            2. Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this statement this 4 th  day of November, 2016.                            /s/ George Yu                 George Yu                 Principal Financial Officer                      
      A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.       The forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.          

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 acxa-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 acxa-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 acxa-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 acxa-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 acxa-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 acxa-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

