<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161012_10-Q_edgar_data_102109_0001144204-16-127865_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1194553</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>51485</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>110765</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>220057</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>461836</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>311647</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>25</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-127865.hdr.sgml : 20161012
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161012170109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-127865
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161012
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161012

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000102109
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRONIC PARTS & EQUIPMENT, NEC [5065]
		IRS NUMBER:				520898545
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31747
		FILM NUMBER:		161933587

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11407 CRONHILL DRIVE, SUITES A-D
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117-3586
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4103633000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11407 CRONHILL DRIVE, SUITES A-D
		CITY:			OWINGS MILLS
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21117-3586

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-127865.txt : 20161012

10-Q
 1
 v445758_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION  

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

x    
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF   

  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the Quarterly period ended June 30,
2016 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE  

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number  001-31747   

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:  (410) 363-3000  

Inapplicable 

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year if changed from last report.) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes         No          

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer        Accelerated
filer        Non-Accelerated
Filer      
Smaller Reporting Company   x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes        No
  x  

At
October 12, 2016, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock was 2,312,887.  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page   
 
       Part I - Financial Information   

Item 1.   
      Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements:  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2016 (unaudited) and March 31, 2016  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
     5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
     6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
     7  

Item 2.   
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     11  

Item 4.   
      Controls and Procedures  
     14  

Part II - Other Information   

Item 1.   
      Legal Proceedings  
     15  

Item 6.   
      Exhibits  
     15  

Signatures  
     16  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

UNIVERSAL SECURITY
INSTRUMENTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
consolidated financial statements  

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF  

  COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.  

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARY  

  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

  (Unaudited)  

Basis of Presentation  

The condensed consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Universal Security Instruments, Inc. (USI or the Company) and its majority owned subsidiary. Except for
the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2016, which was derived from audited financial statements, the accompanying
condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited. Significant inter-company accounts and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation. In the opinion of the Company s management, the interim condensed consolidated financial statements include
all adjustments, consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the interim
periods. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US-GAAP) have been condensed or omitted. The interim condensed consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s March 31, 2016 audited financial statements filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Form 10-K filed on September 28, 2016. The interim operating results are not necessarily
indicative of the operating results for the full fiscal year. 

Management Plans  

The Company had net losses of $389,679
for the three months ended June 30, 2016 and $2,137,792 and $3,704,985 for the years ended March 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Furthermore, as of June 30, 2016, working capital (computed as the excess of current assets over current liabilities) decreased
by $184,719 from $4,463,601 at March 31, 2016, to $4,278,882 at June 30, 2016. 

Our short-term borrowings to finance operating
losses, trade accounts receivable, and foreign inventory purchases are provided pursuant to the terms of our Factoring Agreement
with Merchant. Advances from the Company s factor, are at the sole discretion of Merchant based on their assessment of the
Company s receivables, inventory and financial condition at the time of each request for an advance. In addition, we have
secured extended payment terms for purchases up to $2,000,000 from our Hong Kong Joint Venture for the purchase of the new sealed
battery products. These amounts are unsecured, bear interest at 3.25%, and have repayment terms of ninety days for each advance
thereunder. The combined availability of these facilities totaled approximately $2,600,000 at June 30, 2016.  

The Company has a history of sales that
are insufficient to generate profitable operations and has limited sources of financing. Management s plan in response to
these conditions includes increasing sales of the Company s new line of sealed battery safety alarms, decreasing payroll
expenses, and seeking additional financing on our existing credit facility. The Company has seen positive results on this plan
during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 and through June 30, 2016 due to the increased sales of certain of its sealed battery
products and reductions in payroll expense. Management expects sales growth to continue going forward. Though no assurances can
be given, if management s plan is successful over the next twelve months, the Company anticipates that it should be able
to meet its cash needs. Cash flows and credit
availability is expected to be adequate to fund operations for one year from the issuance date of these condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Line of Credit   Factor  

On January 15, 2015, the Company entered
into a Factoring Agreement (Agreement) with Merchant Factors Corporation (Merchant or Factor) for the purpose of factoring the
Company s trade accounts receivable and to provide financing secured by finished goods inventory. The Agreement for the assignment
of accounts receivable expires on January 6, 2018 and provides for continuation of the program on successive two year periods until
terminated by one of the parties to the Agreement. In accordance with the provisions of the Agreement, the Company may take advances
equal to eighty percent (80%) of the uncollected non-recourse factored trade accounts receivable balance less applicable factoring
commissions and may borrow up to fifty percent (50%) of eligible inventories subject to a borrowing limitation on inventory of
$1,000,000. As of June 30, 2016, the Company had no borrowings under the Agreement with Merchant, and the Company had remaining
availability under the discount factoring agreement of approximately $2,485,000. Advances on factored trade accounts receivable
and borrowing on inventories are secured by all of the Company s trade accounts receivable and inventories, are repaid periodically
as collections are made by Merchant but are otherwise due upon demand, and bears interest at the prime commercial rate of interest,
as published, plus two percent (Effective rate 5.50% at June 30, 2016). Advances under the factoring agreement are made at the
sole discretion of Merchant, based on their assessment of the receivables, inventory and our financial condition at the time of
each request for an advance. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the condensed consolidated
financial statements in conformity with US-GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company recognizes sales upon shipment
of products, when title has passed to the buyer, net of applicable provisions for any discounts or allowances. We recognize revenue
when the following criteria are met: evidence of an arrangement exists; fixed and determinable fee; delivery has taken place; and
collectability is reasonably assured. Customers may not return, exchange or refuse acceptance of goods without our approval. However,
the Company has entered into an agreement with a customer to grant pre-approved rights of return of up to fifty percent of products
sold on certain invoices to provide for and gain acceptance within certain markets. When a pre-approved right of return is granted,
revenue recognition is deferred until the right of return expires. We have established allowances to cover anticipated doubtful
accounts based upon historical experience. 

Joint Venture  

The Company and its joint venture partner,
a Hong Kong corporation, each owns a 50% interest in a Hong Kong joint venture, Eyston Company Limited (the  Hong Kong Joint
Venture ), that manufactures security products in its facilities located in the People s Republic of China. There are
no material differences between US-GAAP and those used by the Honk Kong Joint Venture when compared to US-GAAP. The following represents
summarized balance sheet and income statement information of the Hong Kong Joint Venture as of and for the three months ended June
30, 2016 and 2015: 

During the three months ended June 30,
2016 and 2015, the Company purchased $2,595,526 and $2,753,772, respectively, of products directly from the Hong Kong Joint Venture
for resale. For the three month period ended June 30, 2016 the Company has decreased its equity in the earnings of the Hong Kong
Joint Venture by $93,998 to reflect the change in inter-Company profit on purchases held by the Company in inventory. For the three
month period ended June 30, 2015 the Company increased its equity in the earnings of the Hong Kong Joint Venture by $147,787 to
reflect the change in inter-Company profit on purchases held by the Company in inventory. 

Income Taxes  

We calculate our interim tax provision
in accordance with the guidance for accounting for income taxes in interim periods. At the end of each interim period, we estimate
the annual effective tax rate and apply that tax rate to our ordinary quarterly pre-tax income. The tax expense or benefit related
to discrete events during the interim period is recognized in the interim period in which those events occurred. In addition, the
effect of changes in enacted tax laws or rates or tax status is recognized in the interim period in which the change occurs. 

The Company recognizes a liability or asset
for the deferred tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts
in the financial statements. These temporary differences may result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years when the reported
amounts of the assets or liabilities are recovered or settled. The deferred tax assets are reviewed periodically for recoverability
and a valuation allowance is provided whenever it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company
established a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets to recognize that net operating losses, and research and foreign
tax credits expiring in future periods will likely not be realized. This determination was made based on continued taxable losses
which cause uncertainty as to whether the Company will generate sufficient taxable income to use the deferred tax assets prior
to expiration. Our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with the deferred tax assets depends primarily upon the timing
of future taxable income and the expiration dates of the components of the deferred tax assets. If sufficient future taxable income
is generated, we may be able to offset a portion of future tax expenses. 

Accounts Receivable and Amount Due From
Factor  

The Company assigns the majority of its
short-term receivables arising in the ordinary course of business to our factor on a non-recourse basis. At the time a receivable
is assigned to our factor the credit risk associated with the credit worthiness of the debtor is assumed by the factor. The Company
continues to bear any credit risk associated with delivery or warranty issues related to the products sold. 

Management assesses the credit risk of
both its trade accounts receivable and its financing receivables based on the specific identification of accounts that have exceeded
credit terms. An allowance for uncollectible receivables is provided based on that assessment. Changes in the allowance account
are charged to operations in the period the change is determined. Amounts ultimately determined to be uncollectible are eliminated
from the receivable accounts and from the allowance account in the period that the receivables  status is determined to be
uncollectible. 

Based on the nature of the factoring agreement
and prior experience, no allowance related to Amounts Due from Factor has been provided. At June 30, 2016 and 2015, an allowance
of approximately $57,000 has been provided for uncollectible trade accounts receivable. 

Net Loss per Common Share  

Basic net loss per common share is computed
based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the periods presented. Diluted earnings per common share
is computed based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the effect of stock options and other potentially
dilutive common stock equivalents. The dilutive effect of stock options and other potentially dilutive common stock equivalents
is determined using the treasury stock method based on the Company s average stock price. There were no potentially dilutive
common stock equivalents outstanding during the three month periods ended June 30, 2016 or 2015. As a result, basic and diluted
weighted average common shares outstanding are identical for the three month periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Contingencies  

From time to time, the Company is involved
in various claims and routine litigation matters. In the opinion of management, after consultation with legal counsel, the outcomes
of such matters are not anticipated to have a material adverse effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial position,
results of operations, or cash flows in future years. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

Changes to US-GAAP are established by the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) in the form of accounting standards updated (ASU s) to the FASB s Accounting
Standards Codification. The Company considers the applicability and impact of all ASU s. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Topic 606.  ASU 2014-09 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into
contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless
those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g., insurance contracts or lease contracts). This ASU will supersede
the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition,  and most industry-specific guidance. This ASU also
supersedes some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35,  Revenue Recognition Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts.
 In addition, the existing requirements for the recognition of a gain or loss on the transfer of nonfinancial assets that are
not in a contract with a customer (e.g., assets within the scope of Topic 360,  Property, Plant, and Equipment,  and intangible
assets within the scope of Topic 350,  Intangibles Goodwill and   Other)  are amended to be consistent with the
guidance on recognition and measurement (including the constraint on revenue) in this ASU. 

The core principle of the guidance is that
an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle,
an entity should apply the following steps: Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer. Step 2: Identify the performance
obligations in the contract. Step 3: Determine the transaction price. Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract. Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. This guidance
is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting
period and should be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect
of initially applying the ASU recognized at the date of initial application. The Company is currently assessing the impact that
adopting this new accounting standard will have on the consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures. 

Other recently issued ASU s were
evaluated and determined to be either not applicable or are not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements. 

ITEM 2.            MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL   CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

As used throughout
this Report,  we,   our,   the Company   USI  and similar words refers to Universal
Security Instruments, Inc. 

Forward-Looking
Statements   

This Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q contains certain forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations with respect to our operations, performance,
financial condition, and other developments. These forward-looking statements may generally be identified by the use of the words
 may ,  will ,  believes ,  should ,  expects ,  anticipates ,
 estimates , and similar expressions. These statements are necessarily estimates reflecting management s best
judgment based upon current information and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We caution readers not to place undue
reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made, and readers are advised that various factors
could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from those anticipated
or projected. While it is impossible to identify all such factors, such factors include, but are not limited to, those risks identified
elsewhere in this report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC on September
28, 2016. 

overview   

We are in the business
of marketing and distributing safety and security products which are primarily manufactured through our 50%-owned Hong Kong Joint
Venture. Our condensed consolidated financial statements detail our sales and other operational results only, and report the financial
results of the Hong Kong Joint Venture using the equity method of accounting. Accordingly, the following discussion and analysis
of the three month periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 relate to the operational results of the Company. A discussion and analysis
of the Hong Kong Joint Venture s operational results for these periods is presented below under the heading  Joint
Venture.  

The Company has developed
new products based on new smoke and gas detection technologies, with what the Company believes are improved sensing technology
and product features. To date we have applied for thirteen patents on these new technologies and features. We have been granted
ten patents (including six for the new technologies and features), and are currently awaiting notification from the U.S. Patent
Office regarding the three remaining patent applications. Most of our new technologies and features have been trademarked under
the trade name IoPhic. 

Results
of Operations   

Three Months Ended June 30, 2016
and 2015   

Sales.  Net sales
for the three months ended June 30, 2016 were $3,178,607 compared to $2,936,490 for the comparable three months in the prior fiscal
year, an increase of $242,117 (8.2%). The primary reason for the increase in net sales volumes relates to the increased sales of
the Company s new sealed product line and increased sales of carbon monoxide alarms during the fiscal quarter. 

Gross Profit Margin. 
Gross profit margin is calculated as net sales less cost of goods sold expressed as a percentage of net sales. Our gross profit
margin was 33.4 % and 30.1% of sales for the quarters ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in gross profit
margin was primarily due to the mix of products sold reflecting an increase in the sale of higher gross profit margin sealed battery
products. 

Expenses.  Selling,
general and administrative expenses were $1,113,720 for the three months ended June 30, 2016, compared to $1,163,786 for the comparable
three months in the prior year. As a percentage of net sales, these expenses decreased to 35.0% for the three month period ended
June 30, 2016, from 39.6% for the 2015 period. The decrease of these costs as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to lower
salaries, and to certain other expenses that do not increase directly with increased sales. 

Research and development
expenses were $137,631 for the three month period ended June 30, 2016 compared to $200,303 for the comparable quarter of the prior
year, a decrease of $62,672 (31.3%). The primary reason for the decrease is the reduction of expenditures to independent testing
facilities associated with the new sealed product line. 

Interest Expense. 
Our interest expense, was $4,236 for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, compared to interest expense of $8,282 for the quarter ended
June 30, 2015 as a result of borrowings on the line of credit. Interest expense or income is dependent upon amounts borrowed from
the Hong Kong Joint Venture on its ninety day trade credit facility, and from the Factor netted against interest earned on balances
maintained with the factor. 

Net Loss.  We
reported a net loss of $389,679 for the quarter ended June 30 2016, compared to a net loss of $777,077 for the corresponding quarter
of the prior fiscal year, a $387,398 (49.9%) improvement in the net loss. The primary reasons for the decrease in net loss are
the increase in sales due to the introduction of our new sealed product line and higher gross profit margins thereon, as explained
above, and the decrease in the loss from the Hong Kong Joint Venture in the current period as compared to the loss by the Hong
Kong Joint Venture in the previous period. (See page 13 for a discussion on the results of operations of the Hong Kong Joint Venture.) 

Management Plans and Liquidity  

The Company had net
losses of $389,679 for the three months ended June 30, 2016, and $2,137,792 and $3,704,985 for the years ended March 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Furthermore, as of June 30, 2016, working capital (computed as the excess of current assets over current liabilities)
decreased by $184,719 from $4,463,601 at March 31, 2016, to $4,278,882 at June 30, 2016. 

Our short-term borrowings
to finance operating losses, trade accounts receivable, and foreign inventory purchases are provided pursuant to the terms of our
Factoring Agreement with Merchant. Advances from the Company s factor, are at the sole discretion of Merchant based on their
assessment of the Company s receivables, inventory and financial condition at the time of each request for an advance. In
addition, we have secured extended payment terms for purchases up to $2,000,000 from our Hong Kong Joint Venture for the purchase
of the new sealed battery products. These amounts are unsecured, bear interest at 3.25%, and have repayment terms of ninety days
for each advance thereunder. The combined availability of these facilities totaled approximately $2,600,000 at June 30, 2016. 

The Company has a history
of sales that are insufficient to generate profitable operations and has limited sources of financing. Management s plan
in response to these conditions includes increasing sales of the Company s new line of sealed battery safety alarms, decreasing
payroll expenses, and seeking additional financing on our existing credit facility. The Company has seen positive results on this
plan during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 and through June 30, 2016 due to the increased sales of certain of its sealed
battery products and reductions in payroll expense. Management expects sales growth to continue going forward. Though no assurances
can be given, if management s plan is successful over the next twelve months, the Company anticipates that it should be able
to meet its cash needs. Cash flows and credit availability is expected to be adequate to fund operations for one year from the
issuance date of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Operating activities
provided cash of $288,221 for the three months ended June 30, 2016. This was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable  
trade and accounts payable due to the Hong Kong Joint Venture of $1,260,118, and offset by a net loss of $389,679, an increase
in inventories and prepaid expenses of $650,112, and an increase in trade accounts receivable and amounts due from factor of $137,066.
For the same period last year, operating activities used cash of $854,703, primarily as a result of the net loss of $777,077, increases
in accounts receivable and amounts due from factor of $470,055, increases in inventory and prepaid expenses of $869,073, and partially
offset by an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $964,984. 

Investing activities
used cash of $161,305 during the three months ended June 30, 2016 as a result of the investment of interest bearing funds held
by the factor. Investing activities provided cash of $631,906 during the three months ended June 30, 2015 as a result of the withdrawal
of interest bearing funds held by the factor. 

Financing activities
used cash of $313,891 during the three months ended June 30, 2016 and provided cash of $426,732 during the three months ended June
30, 2015, which is comprised of net repayments of and advances on the line of credit from our factor. 

Joint
Venture   

Net Sales.  Net
sales of the Joint Venture for the three months ended June 30, 2016 were $3,483,330, compared to $4,612,505, for the comparable
period in the prior fiscal year. The 24.5% decrease in net sales by the Joint Venture for the three month periods are due to lower
volumes of sales to the company and other unaffiliated customers. 

Gross Profit Margin. 
Gross margins of the Joint Venture for the three month period ended June 30, 2016 increased to 20.3% from 7.9% for the 2015 corresponding
period. Gross margins depend on sales volume of various products, with varying margins, accordingly, increased sales of higher
margin products and decreased sales of lower margin products positively affect the overall gross margins. 

Expenses.  Selling,
general and administrative expenses were $977,293 for the three month periods ended June 30, 2016, compared to $1,209,176 in the
comparable period in the prior year. As a percentage of sales, expenses were 28.1% for the three month period ended June 30, 2016,
compared to 26.2% for the three month period ended June 30, 2015. These expenses decreased due to reclassification of certain items
to cost of sales, lower rent being charged by a related party of the Joint Venture, and gains recognized on the disposal of investments.
The change in selling, general and administrative expense as a percent of sales for the three month period was primarily due to
costs that do not decrease at the same rate as decreases in sales volume. 

Interest Income. 
Interest income on assets held for investment was $97,954 for the three month period ended June 30, 2016, compared to interest
income of $116,570 for the prior year s period. Interest income is dependent on the average balance of assets held for investment. 

Net Loss . Net
loss for the three months ended June 30, 2016 was $206,176 compared to a net loss of $784,927 in the comparable period last year.
The reduction in the net loss for the three month period is due primarily to increased gross profit margins realized on sales of
the new sealed battery products to the Company and reductions of selling, general, and administrative expense, as noted above. 

Liquidity.  Cash
needs of the Joint Venture are currently met by funds generated from operations. During the three months ended June 30, 2016, working
capital increased by $2,035,155 from $6,144,962 on March 31, 2016 to $8,180,117 on June 30, 2016. 

Critical
Accounting Policies   

Management s
discussion and analysis of our condensed consolidated financial statements and results of operations are based on our condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements included as part of this document. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial
statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, including
those related to bad debts, inventories, income taxes, and contingencies and litigation. We base these estimates on historical
experiences, future projections and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

We believe the following
critical accounting policies affect management s more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its
condensed consolidated financial statements. For a detailed discussion on the application on these and other accounting policies,
see Note A to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of the Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 28, 2016. Certain of our accounting policies require the application of
significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. By their nature,
these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty and actual results could differ from these estimates. These judgments
are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, current economic trends in the industry, information provided
by our customers, and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. Our critical accounting policies include: 

Revenue Recognition. 
The Company recognizes sales upon shipment of products, when title has passed to the buyer, net of applicable provisions for any
discounts or allowances. We recognize revenue when the following criteria are met: evidence of an arrangement exists; fixed and
determinable fee; delivery has taken place; and collectability is reasonably assured. Customers may not return, exchange or refuse
acceptance of goods without our approval. However, the Company has entered into an agreement with a customer to grant pre-approved
rights of return of up to fifty percent of products sold on certain invoices to provide for and gain acceptance within certain
markets. When a pre-approved right of return is granted, revenue recognition is deferred until the right of return expires. We
have established allowances to cover anticipated doubtful accounts based upon historical experience. 

Inventories. 
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on the first-in first-out method. We evaluate inventories
on a quarterly basis and write down inventory that is deemed obsolete or unmarketable in an amount equal to the difference between
the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. 

Income Taxes.  The
Company recognizes a liability or asset for the deferred tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets
or liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements. These temporary differences may result in
taxable or deductible amounts in future years when the reported amounts of the assets or liabilities are recovered or settled.
The deferred tax assets are reviewed periodically for recoverability and a valuation allowance is provided whenever it is more
likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. After a review of projected taxable income and the components
of the deferred tax asset in accordance with applicable accounting guidance it was determined that it is more likely than not
that the tax benefits associated with the remaining components of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. This determination
was made based on the Company s recent history of losses from operations and the uncertainty as to whether the Company will
generate sufficient taxable income to use the deferred tax assets prior to their expiration. Accordingly, a valuation allowance
was established to fully offset the value of the deferred tax assets. Our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with
the deferred tax assets depends primarily upon the timing of future taxable income and the expiration dates of the components
of the deferred tax assets. If sufficient future taxable income is generated, we may be able to offset a portion of future tax
expenses. 

The Company follows
ASC 740-10 that gives guidance to tax positions related to the recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected
to be taken in a tax return and requires that we recognize in our financial statements the impact of a tax position, if that position
is more likely than not to be sustained upon an examination, based on the technical merits of the position.  Interest and
penalties, if any, related to income tax matters are recorded as income tax expenses. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.
 We have not created, and are not party to, any special-purpose or off balance sheet entities for the purpose of raising capital,
incurring debt or operating parts of our business that are not consolidated into our condensed financial statements and do not
have any arrangements or relationships with entities that are not consolidated into our condensed financial statements that are
reasonably likely to materially affect our liquidity or the availability of our capital resources. 

ITEM 4 .           CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

We maintain a system
of disclosure controls and procedures (as such item is defined in Rules 13a   15(e) and 15d   15(e) of the Exchange
Act) that is designed to provide reasonable assurance that information, which is required to be disclosed by us in the reports
that we file or submit under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and is accumulated and communicated
to management in a timely manner. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated this system of disclosure
controls and procedures in accordance with applicable Securities and Exchange Commission guidance as of the end of the period covered
by this quarterly report, and have concluded that disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of the material
weakness in internal control over financial reporting as discussed below. 

Material weaknesses
arose in our oversight of the accounting function and disclosure controls and procedures of the Hong Kong Joint Venture (HKJV).
The HKJV is a material component of the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company has discussed this weakness
with management of the HKJV and is monitoring implementation of suggested improvements. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  . There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.            LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS  

From time to time,
the Company is involved in various lawsuits and legal matters. It is the opinion of management, based on the advice of legal counsel,
that these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements. 

ITEM 6.            EXHIBITS  

Exhibit No.  

*Filed herewith 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.    

(Registrant)   

Date:  
      October 12, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Harvey B. Grossblatt   

Harvey B. Grossblatt   

President, Chief Executive Officer   

By:  
      /s/ James B. Huff   

James B. Huff   

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v445758_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, Harvey B. Grossblatt,
certify that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Universal Security Instruments, Inc.; 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.          The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.          The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

October 12, 2016 
     /s/ Harvey B. Grossblatt  

Harvey B. Grossblatt  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v445758_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  CERTIFICATION  

I, James B. Huff, certify
that: 

1.          I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Universal Security Instruments, Inc.; 

2.          Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.          Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.          The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5.          The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v445758_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS 

In connection with
the Quarterly Report of Universal Security Instruments, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending June
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to which this Certification is an exhibit (the  Report ),
the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company for the periods reflected therein. 

October 12, 2016 
     /s/ Harvey B. Grossblatt  

Harvey B. Grossblatt  

Chief Executive Officer  

/s/ James B. Huff  

James B. Huff  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 5
 v445758_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1   

For Immediate Release  

 Contact: Harvey Grossblatt, CEO 

 Universal Security Instruments, Inc. 

 410-363-3000, Ext. 224 

 or 

 Don Hunt, Jeff Lambert 

 Lambert, Edwards   Associates, Inc. 

 616-233-0500 

Universal Security Instruments
Reports First-Quarter Results    

OWINGS MILLS, Md. October 12, 2016
-  Universal Security Instruments, Inc. (NYSE Amex: UUU) today announced that it has filed its Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 which was not timely filed due to unforeseen delays in the completion
of the financial statements of the Company s 50%-owned Hong Kong Joint Venture. As previously reported, the Company had received
a letter from NYSE MKT LLC (the  Exchange ) stating that the delayed filing of the Company s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 violated Exchange rules and that unless prompt corrective action is taken,
the Company could be subject to delisting. The Company believes that the filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q satisfies
the Exchange s requirements for prompt corrective action with respect to the Company s late Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q.   

Universal reported sales of $3,178,607
for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 versus $2,936,490 for the comparable period of last year. The Company reported a net loss of
$389,679, or $0.17 per basic and diluted share, compared to a net loss of $777,077 or $0.34 per basic and diluted share, for the
same period last year. 

The Company continues to execute
its strategy of increasing sales and reducing expenses in its effort to return to profitability both domestically and internationally
thru its Joint Venture. The Company expects the favorable trends from it first quarter of higher sales and lower recurring expenses
to continue during the current fiscal year and should accelerate once the Company completes its line of sealed photoelectric smoke
alarms and combination alarms  said Harvey Grossblatt. 

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC. is
a U.S.-based manufacturer (through its Hong Kong Joint Venture) and distributor of safety and security devices. Founded in 1969,
the Company has an over 47-year heritage of developing innovative and easy-to-install products, including smoke, fire and carbon
monoxide alarms. For more information on Universal Security Instruments, visit our website at  www.universalsecurity.com.  

Safe Harbor  Statement under
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: Certain matters discussed in this news release may constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that inherently include certain risks and uncertainties.  Actual
results could differ materially from those projected in or contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to a number of factors,
including, among other items, our Hong Kong Joint Venture's respective ability to maintain operating profitability, currency fluctuations,
the impact of current and future laws and governmental regulations affecting us and our Hong Kong Joint Venture and other factors
which may be identified from time to time in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings and other public announcements. 
We do not undertake and specifically disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect occurrence of
anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statements.  We will revise our outlook from time
to time and frequently will not disclose such revisions publicly. 

more     

Universal/Page 2  

UNIVERSAL SECURITY INSTRUMENTS, INC.  

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

 (UNAUDITED) 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

 (UNAUDITED) 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 uuu-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 uuu-20160630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 uuu-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 uuu-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 uuu-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 uuu-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

