<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1303313_0001303313-16-000048_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6574842</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>186471</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>316972</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2530609</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2533009</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>851490</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001303313-16-000048.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103162409
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001303313-16-000048
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LHC Group, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001303313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HOME HEALTH CARE SERVICES [8082]
		IRS NUMBER:				710918189
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33989
		FILM NUMBER:		161971946

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 HUGH WALLIS ROAD SOUTH
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70508
		BUSINESS PHONE:		337-233-1307

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 HUGH WALLIS ROAD SOUTH
		CITY:			LAFAYETTE
		STATE:			LA
		ZIP:			70508

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LHC Group, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040915

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001303313-16-000048.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 lhc-2016093010q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from                          to                        
  Commission file number: 001-33989 
                 
      LHC GROUP, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
      
    71-0918189 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

901 Hugh Wallis Road South 
  Lafayette, LA 70508 
  (Address of principal executive offices including zip code) 
  (337) 233-1307 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
       
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      
    Smaller reporting company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
  Number of shares of common stock, par value $0.01, outstanding as of   October 31, 2016  : 18,176,864 shares. 

Table of Contents  

LHC GROUP, INC.  
  INDEX 

Page 
      Part I. Financial Information 
      
      Item 1. 
     Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
      
       Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2016 and December 31, 201   5 
    3 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income   Three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 201   5 
    4 
       Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity   Nine months ended September 30, 201   6 
    5 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   Nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 201   5 
    6 
       Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    7 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    20 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    34 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    34 
      Part II. Other Information 
      
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    36 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    36 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    36 
      Item 6. 
     Exhibits  
    37 
       Signatures  
    38 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 
   
  LHC GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

LHC GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents  

LHC GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
  (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
  (Unaudited) 

(1) 
    Net income excludes net income attributable to noncontrolling interest-redeemable of   $6.0 million   during the   nine months ending     September 30, 2016  . Noncontrolling interest-redeemable is reflected outside of permanent equity on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. See Note 9 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

LHC GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (Amounts in thousands) 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

LHC GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  1. Organization 
  LHC Group, Inc. (the  Company ) is a health care provider specializing in the post-acute continuum of care primarily for Medicare beneficiaries. The Company provides home health services, hospice services, community-based services, and facility-based services, the latter primarily through long-term acute care hospitals ( LTACHs ). As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company, through its wholly- and majority-owned subsidiaries, equity joint ventures and controlled affiliates, operated   375   service providers in   25   states within the continental United States. 
  Unaudited Interim Financial Information 
  The condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and the related condensed consolidated statements of income for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and related notes (collectively, these financial statements and the related notes are referred to herein as the  interim financial information ) have been prepared by the Company. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) have been included. Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending   December 31, 2016  . 
  Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted from the interim financial information presented. This report should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 3, 2016, which includes information and disclosures not included herein. 
   
  2. Significant Accounting Policies 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  The Company s most critical accounting policies relate to the principles of consolidation, revenue recognition and accounts receivable and allowances for uncollectible accounts. 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The interim financial information includes all subsidiaries and entities controlled by the Company. Control is defined by the Company as ownership of a majority of the voting interest of an entity. The interim financial information includes entities in which the Company receives a majority of the entities  expected residual returns and absorbs a majority of the entities  expected losses. Third party equity interests in the consolidated joint ventures are reflected as noncontrolling interests in the Company s interim financial information. 

7 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the percentage of net service revenue earned by type of ownership or relationship the Company had with the operating entity: 

All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in the Company s accompanying interim financial information. Business combinations accounted for under the acquisition method have been included in the interim financial information from the respective dates of acquisition. 
  The Company consolidates equity joint venture entities as the Company has voting control over these entities.  The members of the Company's equity joint ventures participate in profits and losses in proportion to their equity interests.  The Company also consolidates entities which have license leasing arrangements as the Company owns   100%   of the equity of these subsidiaries. 
  The Company has various management services agreements under which the Company manages certain operations of agencies. The Company does not consolidate these agencies because the Company does not have an ownership interest in, and does not have an obligation to absorb losses of, the entities that own the agencies or the right to receive the benefits from those entities. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  The Company reports net service revenue at the estimated net realizable amount due from Medicare, Medicaid and others for services rendered. The Company assesses the patient's ability to pay for their healthcare services at the time of patient admission based on the Company's verification of the patient's insurance coverage under the Medicare, Medicaid, and other commercial or managed care insurance program.  All such payors contribute to the net service revenue of the Company s home health services, hospice services, community-based services, and facility-based services. 
  The following table sets forth the percentage of net service revenue earned by category of payor for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

The following table sets forth the percentage of net service revenue contributed from each reporting segment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

8 

     Table of Contents  

Medicare 
  Home Health 
  The Company s home nursing Medicare patients are classified into one of   153   home health resource groups prior to receiving services. Based on the patient s home health resource group, the Company is entitled to receive a standard prospective Medicare payment for delivering care over a   60  -day period referred to as an episode. The Company recognizes revenue based on the number of days elapsed during an episode of care within the reporting period. 
  Final payments from Medicare may reflect one of four retroactive adjustments to ensure the adequacy and effectiveness of the total reimbursement: (a) an outlier payment if the patient s care was unusually costly; (b) a low utilization adjustment if the number of visits was fewer than   five  ; (c) a partial payment if the patient transferred to another provider before completing the episode; or (d) a payment adjustment based upon the level of therapy services required. In calculating net service revenue, management estimates the impact of these payment adjustments based on historical experience and records this estimate as the services are rendered using the expected level of services that will be provided. 
  Hospice Services 
  The Company is paid by Medicare under a per diem payment system. The Company receives   one   of   four   predetermined daily rates based upon the level of care the Company furnished. The Company records net service revenue from hospice services based on the daily rate and recognizes revenue as hospice services are provided. 
  Hospice payments are subject to an inpatient cap and an overall Medicare payment cap. The inpatient cap relates to individual programs receiving more than   20%   of its total Medicare reimbursement from inpatient care services and the overall Medicare payment cap relates to individual providers receiving reimbursements in excess of a  cap amount,  calculated by multiplying the number of beneficiaries during the period by a statutory amount that is indexed for inflation. The determination for each cap is made annually based on the   12  -month period ending on October 31 of each year. The Company monitors its limits on a provider-by-provider basis and records an estimate of its liability for reimbursements received in excess of the cap amount. Beginning with the cap year October 1, 2014, CMS implemented a new process requiring hospice providers to self-report their cap liabilities and remit applicable payment by March 31 of the following year.   
  Facility-Based Services 
  The Company is reimbursed by Medicare for services provided under the LTACH prospective payment system. Each patient is assigned a long-term care diagnosis-related group. The Company is paid a predetermined fixed amount intended to reflect the average cost of treating a Medicare patient classified in that particular long-term care diagnosis-related group. For selected patients, the amount may be further adjusted based on length of stay and facility-specific costs, as well as in instances where a patient is discharged and subsequently re-admitted, among other factors. The Company calculates the adjustment based on a historical average of these types of adjustments for claims paid. Similar to other Medicare prospective payment systems, the rate is also adjusted for geographic wage differences. Revenue is recognized for the Company s LTACHs as services are provided. 
  Medicaid, managed care and other payors 
  The Company s Medicaid reimbursement is based on a predetermined fee schedule applied to each service provided. Therefore, revenue is recognized for Medicaid services as services are provided based on this fee schedule. The Company s managed care and other payors reimburse the Company based upon a predetermined fee schedule or an episodic basis, depending on the terms of the applicable contract. Accordingly, the Company recognizes revenue from managed care and other payors in the same manner as the Company recognizes revenue from Medicare or Medicaid. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Accounts Receivable and Allowances for Uncollectible Accounts 
  The Company reports accounts receivable net of estimated allowances for uncollectible accounts and adjustments. Accounts receivable are uncollateralized and consist of amounts due from Medicare, other third-party payors and patients. To provide for accounts receivable that could become uncollectible in the future, the Company establishes an allowance for uncollectible accounts to reduce the carrying amount of such receivables to their estimated net realizable value. The credit risk for other concentrations of receivables is limited due to the significance of Medicare as the primary payor. The Company believes the credit risk associated with its Medicare accounts, which have historically exceeded   55%   of its patient accounts receivable, is limited due to (i) the historical collection rate from Medicare and (ii) the fact that Medicare is a U.S. government payor. The Company does not believe that there are any other concentrations of receivables from any particular payor that would subject it to any significant credit risk in the collection of accounts receivable. 
  The provision for bad debts is based upon the Company s assessment of historical and expected net collections, business and economic conditions and trends in government reimbursement. Uncollectible accounts are written off when the Company has determined the account will not be collected. 
  A portion of the estimated Medicare prospective payment system reimbursement from each submitted home nursing episode is received in the form of a request for anticipated payment ( RAP ). The Company submits a RAP for   60%   of the estimated reimbursement for the initial episode at the start of care. The full amount of the episode is billed after the episode has been completed. The RAP received for that particular episode is deducted from the final payment. If a final bill is not submitted within the greater of   120 days   from the start of the episode, or   60 days   from the date the RAP was paid, any RAP received for that episode will be recouped by Medicare from any other Medicare claims in process for that particular provider. The RAP and final claim must then be resubmitted. For subsequent episodes of care contiguous with the first episode for a particular patient, the Company submits a RAP for   50%   instead of   60%   of the estimated reimbursement. 
  The Company s services to the Medicare population are paid at prospectively set amounts that can be determined at the time services are rendered. The Company s Medicaid reimbursement is based on a predetermined fee schedule applied to each individual service it provides. The Company s managed care contracts and contracts with other payors provide for payments based upon a predetermined fee schedule or an episodic basis, depending on the terms of the applicable contract. The Company is able to calculate its actual amount due at the patient level and adjust the gross charges down to the actual amount at the time of billing. This negates the need to record an estimated contractual allowance when reporting net service revenue for each reporting period. 
  Other Significant Accounting Policies 
  Earnings Per Share 
  Basic per share information is computed by dividing the relevant amounts from the condensed consolidated statements of income by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period, under the treasury stock method. Diluted per share information is also computed using the treasury stock method, by dividing the relevant amounts from the condensed consolidated statements of income by the weighted-average number of shares outstanding plus potentially dilutive shares. 
  The following table sets forth shares used in the computation of basic and diluted per share information: 

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-3,   Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,   ("ASU 2015-3") which requires an entity to present debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability as a direct deduction from that liability.   The Company adopted this standard during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15,   Interest - Imputation of Interest  , which stated ASU No. 2015-3 does not address presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements; therefore, ASU No. 2015-3 will not have an effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.   
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  On May 28, 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-9,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers,   ("ASU 2014-9") which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. ASU 2014-9 will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-9 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. The Company has not yet selected a transition method nor has it determined the effect of the standard on its ongoing financial reporting. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-2,   Leases  , ("ASU 2016-2") which requires lessees to recognize qualifying leases on the statement of financial position.  Qualifying leases will be classified as right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. The new standard is effective on January 1, 2019.  Early adoption is permitted.  ASU 2016-2 mandates a modified retrospective transition method for all entities.  The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-2 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.   
  In March 2016, as part of its Simplification Initiative, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-9,   Compensation - Stock Compensation   (ASU 2016-09)  ,   which finalizes Proposed ASU No. 2015-270 of the same name, and seeks to reduce complexity in accounting standards.  The areas for simplification in ASU 2016-09 involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transaction, including (1) accounting for income taxes, (2) classification of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows, (3) forfeitures, (4) minimum statutory tax withholding requirements, (5) classification of employee taxes paid on the statement of cash flows when an employer withholds shares for tax withholding purposes, (6) the practical expedient for estimating the expected term, and (7) intrinsic value.  The new standard is effective on January 1, 2017.  The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
   
  3. Acquisitions and Disposals 
    
  The Company acquired the majority-ownership of   11   home health agencies,   nine   hospice agencies and   one   community-based agency during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . The total aggregate purchase prices for the Company s acquisitions were   $20.8 million  , of which   $20.3 million   was paid in cash. The purchase prices are determined based on the Company s analysis of comparable acquisitions and the target market s potential future cash flows.  
  The Company's home health services segment, hospice services segment, and community-based services segment recognized goodwill of   $6.2 million  ,   $7.8 million  , and   $0.8 million  , respectively. Goodwill generated from the acquisitions was recognized based on the expected contribution of each acquisition to the overall corporate strategy.  The Company expects its portion of goodwill to be fully tax deductible.  The acquisitions were accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting, and, accordingly, the accompanying interim financial information includes the results of operations of the acquired entities from the date of acquisition.     
  The following table summarizes the aggregate consideration paid for the acquisitions and the amounts of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition dates, as well as their fair value at the acquisition dates and the noncontrolling interest acquired (amounts in thousands): 

11 

     Table of Contents  

Trade names, certificates of need and licenses are indefinite-lived assets and, therefore, not subject to amortization. Acquired trade names that are not being used actively are amortized over the estimated useful life on the straight line basis. Trade names are valued using the relief from royalty method, a form of the income approach. Certificates of need are valued using the replacement cost approach based on registration fees and opportunity costs. Licenses are valued based on the estimated direct costs associated with recreating the asset, including opportunity costs based on an income approach. In the case of states with a moratorium in place, the licenses are valued using the multi-period excess earnings method. The other identifiable assets include non-compete agreements that are amortized over the life of the agreements. Noncontrolling interest is valued at fair value by applying a discount to the value of the acquired entity for lack of control.  
  The Company conducted a preliminary assessment of deferred income tax accounting and the calculation of the final net working capital adjustment and has recognized provisional amounts in its initial accounting for prior year acquisitions for all identified liabilities in accordance with the requirements of ASC Topic 805.  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , a net working capital adjustment of   $0.6 million   and deferred tax liabilities of   $0.8 million   were recorded in goodwill.   The Company is continuing its review of these matters during the measurement period.  

4. Goodwill and Intangibles 
  The changes in recorded goodwill by reporting unit for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were as follows (amounts in thousands): 

Intangible assets consisted of the following as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (amounts in thousands): 

12 

     Table of Contents  

Intangible assets of   $69.5 million  , net of accumulated amortization, were related to the home health services segment,   $24.0   million were related to the hospice services segment,   $7.4 million   were related to the community-based services segment, and   $0.8 million   were related to the facility-based services segment as of   September 30, 2016  . The Company recorded   $1.8   million and   $1.4 million   of amortization expense during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  This was recorded in general and administrative expenses. 
   
  5. Debt 
  Credit Facility 
  On June 18, 2014, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the  Credit Agreement ) with Capital One, National Association, which provides a senior, secured revolving line of credit commitment with a maximum principal borrowing limit of   $225.0 million   and a letter of credit sub-limit equal to   $15.0 million  . The expiration date of the Credit Agreement is   June 18, 2019  . Revolving loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest at either a (1) Base Rate, which is defined as a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus   0.5%   (b) the Prime Rate in effect on such day and (c) the Eurodollar Rate for a one month interest period on such day plus   1.0%  , plus a margin ranging from   0.75%   to   1.5%   per annum or (2) Eurodollar rate plus a margin ranging from   1.75%   to   2.5%   per annum. Swing line loans bear interest at the Base Rate. The Company is limited to   15   Eurodollar borrowings outstanding at the same time. The Company is required to pay a commitment fee for the unused commitments at rates ranging from   0.225%   to   0.375%   per annum depending upon the Company s consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Base Rate at   September 30, 2016   was   4.75%   and the Eurodollar rate was   2.78%  .  
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, the Company had   $92.0 million   and   $98.0 million   drawn and letters of credit totaling   $9.8 million   outstanding under its credit facilities with Capital One, National Association.  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $123.2 million   available for borrowing under the Credit Agreement with Capital One, National Association. 

6. Income Taxes 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , an unrecognized tax benefit of   $1.6 million   was recorded in income tax payable, which, if recognized, would decrease the Company s effective tax rate. All of the Company s unrecognized tax benefit is due to the settlement with the United States of America, which was announced September 30, 2011 at which point, the Company recorded an uncertain tax position of   $3.2 million  .  On July 30, 2014, the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) issued a notice of proposed adjustment asserting that a portion of the original tax deduction claimed by the Company associated with the settlement with the United States of America should be disallowed. The Company is currently appealing this proposed adjustment with IRS Appeals.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company reduced the unrecognized tax benefit, and reduced the income tax expense for such period, by   $1.6 million   in response to new information that has changed the expectations of the potential outcome.  
   
  7. Stockholder s Equity 
  Equity Based Awards 
  The 2010 Long Term Incentive Plan (the  2010 Incentive Plan ) is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. A total of   1,500,000   shares of the Company s common stock were reserved and   259,937   shares are currently available for issuance pursuant to awards granted under the 2010 Incentive Plan. A variety of discretionary awards for employees, officers, directors, and consultants are authorized under the 2010 Incentive Plan, including incentive or non-qualified statutory stock options and nonvested stock. All awards must be evidenced by a written award certificate which will include the provisions specified by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The Compensation Committee determines the exercise price for non-statutory stock options. The exercise price for any option cannot be less than the fair market value of the Company s common stock as of the date of grant. 
  Share Based Compensation 
  Nonvested Stock 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , employees were granted   215,800   nonvested shares of common stock pursuant to the 2010 Incentive Plan. The shares vest over a period of   five years  , conditioned on continued employment. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company s independent directors were granted   15,300   nonvested shares of common stock under the Second Amended and Restated 2005 Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan. The shares were drawn from the   1,500,000   shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2010 Incentive Plan. The shares vest   100%   on the   one year   anniversary date. The fair value of nonvested shares of common stock is determined based on the closing trading price of the Company s common stock on the grant date. The weighted average grant date fair value of nonvested shares of common stock granted during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $38.01  . 
             The following table represents the nonvested stock activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , an independent director of the Company received a share based award, which will be settled in cash at March 1, 2017. The amount of such cash payment will equal the fair market value of   1,700   shares on the settlement date. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $13.0 million   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested shares of common stock granted. That cost is expected to be recognized over the weighted average period of   3.27 years  . The total fair value of shares of common stock vested during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $4.5 million  . The Company records compensation expense related to nonvested stock awards at the grant date for shares of common stock that are awarded fully vested, and over the vesting term on a straight line basis for shares of common stock that vest over time. The Company recorded   $3.5 million   and   $3.2 million   of compensation expense related to nonvested stock grants in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
  In 2006, the Company adopted the Employee Stock Purchase Plan whereby eligible employees may purchase the Company s common stock at   95%   of the market price on the last day of the calendar quarter. There were   250,000   shares of common stock initially reserved for the plan. In 2013, the Company adopted the Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which reserved an additional   250,000   shares of common stock to the plan. 
  The table below details the shares of common stock issued during   2016  : 

Stock Options 
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   5,500   options were exercised with an exercise price of   $19.75  .    No   options were granted or forfeited during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  There were   no   options issued or exercisable as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Treasury Stock 
  In conjunction with the vesting of the nonvested shares of common stock, recipients incur personal income tax obligations. The Company allows the recipients to turn in shares of common stock to satisfy minimum tax obligations. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company redeemed   50,312   shares of common stock valued at   $1.9 million  , related to these tax obligations. 
   
  8. Commitments and Contingencies 
  Contingencies 
  The Company is involved in various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect, after considering the effect of the Company s insurance coverage, on the Company s interim financial information. 
  On October 7, 2015, the parties entered into a Stipulation of Settlement in the consolidated case styled   In re LHC Group, Inc. Derivative Litigation,   Case No. 6:13-cv-02899-JTT-CBW.  On October 19, 2015, Plaintiffs filed an Unopposed Motion for Preliminary Approval of Proposed Derivative Settlement. On October 26, 2015, the District Court entered an Order Preliminarily Approving Settlement in the amount of   $0.6 million  . On January 11, 2016, the District Court entered its Order and Final Judgment approving the settlement and dismissing the consolidated action with prejudice. The Company's insurance carrier has funded the entire settlement amount, which was immediately releasable to Plaintiffs' counsel on January 11, 2016. The time for appeal has passed and no appeals were filed.  This matter is now concluded.  At December 31, 2015, the Company's balance sheet reflected the entire settlement in current assets as a receivable due from insurance carrier and correspondingly reflected the entire settlement in current liabilities as a legal settlement payable. 
  
   15 

     Table of Contents  

Joint Venture Buy/Sell Provisions 
  Most of the Company s joint ventures include a buy/sell option that grants to the Company and its joint venture partners the right to require the other joint venture party to either purchase all of the exercising member s membership interests or sell to the exercising member all of the non-exercising member s membership interest, at the non-exercising member s option, within   30 days   of the receipt of notice of the exercise of the buy/sell option. In some instances, the purchase price is based on a multiple of the historical or future earnings before income taxes and depreciation and amortization of the equity joint venture at the time the buy/sell option is exercised. In other instances, the buy/sell purchase price will be negotiated by the partners and subject to a fair market valuation process. The Company has not received notice from any joint venture partners of their intent to exercise the terms of the buy/sell agreement nor has the Company notified any joint venture partners of its intent to exercise the terms of the buy/sell agreement. 
  Compliance 
  The laws and regulations governing the Company s operations, along with the terms of participation in various government programs, regulate how the Company does business, the services offered and its interactions with patients and the public. These laws and regulations, and their interpretations, are subject to frequent change. Changes in existing laws or regulations, or their interpretations, or the enactment of new laws or regulations could materially and adversely affect the Company s operations and financial condition. 
  The Company is subject to various routine and non-routine governmental reviews, audits and investigations. In recent years, federal and state civil and criminal enforcement agencies have heightened and coordinated their oversight efforts related to the health care industry, including referral practices, cost reporting, billing practices, joint ventures and other financial relationships among health care providers. Violation of the laws governing the Company s operations, or changes in the interpretation of those laws, could result in the imposition of fines, civil or criminal penalties and/or termination of the Company s rights to participate in federal and state-sponsored programs and suspension or revocation of the Company s licenses. The Company believes that it is in material compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. 
   
  9. Noncontrolling interest 
  Noncontrolling Interest-Redeemable 
  A majority of the Company s equity joint venture agreements include a provision that requires the Company to purchase the noncontrolling partner s interest upon the occurrence of certain triggering events, such as death or bankruptcy of the partner or the partner s exclusion from the Medicare or Medicaid programs. These triggering events and the related repurchase provisions are specific to each individual equity joint venture; if the repurchase provision is triggered in any one equity joint venture, the remaining equity joint ventures would not be impacted. Upon the occurrence of a triggering event, the Company would be required to purchase the noncontrolling partner s interest at either the fair value or the book value at the time of purchase, as stated in the applicable joint venture agreement.  The Company has never been required to purchase the noncontrolling interest of any of its equity joint venture partners, and the Company believes the likelihood of a triggering event occurring is remote. According to authoritative guidance, redeemable noncontrolling interests must be reported outside of permanent equity on the consolidated balance sheet in instances where there is a repurchase provision with a triggering event that is outside the control of the Company. 
  The following table summarizes the activity of noncontrolling interest-redeemable for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   (amounts in thousands): 

10. Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts 
  The following table summarizes the activity in the allowance for uncollectible accounts for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   (amounts in thousands): 

16 

     Table of Contents  

11. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  The carrying amounts of the Company s cash, receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values because of their short maturity. The estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired was calculated using level 3 inputs based on the present value of anticipated future benefits. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the carrying value of the Company s long-term debt approximates fair value as the interest rates approximate current rates. 
   
  12. Segment Information 
  The Company s reportable segments consist of home health services, hospice services, community-based services, and facility-based services. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies, as described in Note 2 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  The following tables summarize the Company s segment information for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands): 

17 

     Table of Contents  

18 

     Table of Contents  

19 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2  .       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   
  CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains certain statements and information that may constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements relate to future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends, future financial performance and expectations and beliefs concerning matters that are not historical facts or that necessarily depend upon future events. The words  may,   should,   could,   would,   expect,   plan,   intend,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   project,   predict,   potential  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Specifically, this report contains, among others, forward-looking statements about: 

our expectations regarding financial condition or results of operations for periods after   September 30, 2016  ; 
                
    our critical accounting policies; 
                
    our business strategies and our ability to grow our business; 
                
    our participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 
                
    the impact of healthcare reform; 
                
    the reimbursement levels of Medicare and other third-party payors; 
                
    the prompt receipt of payments from Medicare and other third-party payors; 
                
    our future sources of and needs for liquidity and capital resources; 
                
    the effect of any changes in market rates on our operations and cash flows; 
                
    our ability to obtain financing; 
                
    our ability to make payments as they become due; 
                
    the outcomes of various routine and non-routine governmental reviews, audits and investigations; 
                
    our expansion strategy, the successful integration of recent acquisitions and, if necessary, the ability to relocate or restructure our current facilities; 
                
    the value of our proprietary technology; 
                
    the impact of legal proceedings; 
                
    our insurance coverage; 
                
    the costs of medical supplies; 
                
    our competitors and our competitive advantages; 
                
    our ability to attract and retain valuable employees; 
                
    the price of our stock; 
                
    our compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations; 
                
    our compliance with health care laws and regulations; 
                
    our compliance with SEC laws and regulations and Sarbanes-Oxley requirements; 
                
    the impact of federal and state government regulation on our business; and 
                
    the impact of changes in our interpretations of laws regarding fraud, anti-kickback or other matter. 
     The forward-looking statements included in this report reflect our current views about future events and are based on assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Many important factors could cause actual results  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

or achievements to differ materially from any future results or achievements expressed in or implied by our forward-looking statements. Many of the factors that will determine future events or achievements are beyond our ability to control or predict. Important factors that could cause actual results or achievements to differ materially from the results or achievements reflected in our forward-looking statements include, among other things, the factors discussed in the Part II, Item 1A.  Risk Factors,  included in this report and in our other filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the    2015   Form 10-K ), as updated by our subsequent filings with the SEC. This report should be read in conjunction with the   2015   Form 10-K, and all of our other filings made with the SEC through the date of this report, including quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
  You should read this report, the information incorporated by reference into this report and the documents filed as exhibits to this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results or achievements may differ materially from what we expect or anticipate. 
  The forward-looking statements contained in this report reflect our views and assumptions only as of the date this report is filed with the SEC. Except as required by law, we assume no responsibility for updating any forward-looking statements. 
  We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. In addition, with respect to all of our forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
  Unless the context otherwise requires,  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company  refer to LHC Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
   
  OVERVIEW 
  We provide quality cost-effective post-acute health care services to our patients. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have   375   service providers in   25   states: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia and Wisconsin. Our services are classified into four segments: (1) home health services, (2) hospice services, (3) community-based services, and (4) facility-based services offered through our long-term acute care hospitals ( LTACHs ). 
  Through our home health services segment, we offer a wide range of services, including skilled nursing, medically-oriented social services, and physical, occupational and speech therapy. As of   September 30, 2016  , we operated   289   home health services locations, of which   171   are wholly-owned,   112   are majority-owned through equity joint ventures,   three   are under license lease arrangements and the operations of the remaining   three   locations are only managed by us. We intend to increase the number of home nursing agencies that we operate through continued acquisitions and organic development. 
  Through our hospice services segment, we offer a wide range of services, including pain and symptom management, emotional and spiritual support, inpatient and respite care, homemaker services, and counseling. As of   September 30, 2016  , we operated   64   hospice locations, of which   48   are wholly-owned,   14   are majority-owned through equity joint ventures and   two   are under license lease arrangements.  We intend to increase the number of hospice agencies that we operate through continued acquisitions and organic development. 
  Through our community-based services segment, services are performed by skilled nursing and paraprofessional personnel, and include assistance with activities of daily living to the elderly, chronically ill, and disabled patients. As of   September 30, 2016  , we operated   11   community-based services locations, 10 are wholly-owned and one is majority-owned through an equity joint venture.  We intend to increase the number of community-based agencies that we operate through continued acquisitions and organic development. 
  We provide facility-based services principally through our LTACHs. As of   September 30, 2016  , we operated six LTACHs with eight locations, of which all but one are located within host hospitals.  Of these facility-based services locations, three are wholly-owned and   five   are majority-owned through equity joint ventures. We also wholly-own and operate a family health center, a pharmacy, and a family health clinic.  
  The Joint Commission is a nationwide commission that establishes standards relating to the physical plant, administration, quality of patient care and operation of medical staffs of health care organizations.  Currently, Joint Commission accreditation of home nursing and hospice agencies is voluntary.  However, some managed care organizations use Joint Commission accreditation as a credentialing standard for regional and state contracts.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Joint Commission had accredited 273 of our   289   home health services locations and 36 of our   64   hospice agencies.  Those not yet accredited are working towards achieving this accreditation.  As we acquire companies, we apply for accreditation 12 to 18 months after completing the acquisition.    
  The percentage of net service revenue contributed from each reporting segment for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was as follows: 

Recent Developments  
  Home Health Services 
  On April 14, 2015, legislation was passed, which limits any increase in home health payments to 1% for fiscal year 2018, and extended the 3% rural home health safeguard for two years through December 31, 2017. 
  On October 30, 2015, CMS released a Final Rule (effective January 1, 2016) regarding payment rates for home health services provided during calendar year 2016. The national, standardized 60-day episode payment rate increased to $2,965.12 for 2016. The rural rate is $3,054.07. This is a net 0.01% increase in the national, standardized 60-day episode payment rate, due to application of (1) rebasing decrease of $80.95, (2) case-mix adjustment decrease of 0.97%, (3) net market basket increase of 1.9%, (4) case-mix recalibration budget neutrality adjustment increase of 1.87%, and (5) wage index budget neutrality adjustment increase of 0.11%. The home health market basket percentage increase for 2016 is 2.3% and the multifactor productivity adjustment is 0.4%, resulting in a net home health market basket of 1.9%. CMS reduced its estimate of nominal case-mix growth between 2012 and 2014 from 3.41% to 2.88% (0.53%) and spread the adjustment over three years at 0.97% each year to account for nominal case-mix growth. The finalized payment policies results in a 1.4% reduction in Medicare payments for all home health agencies. 
  In addition, CMS finalized its proposal to implement a Home Health Value-Based Purchasing ("HHVBP") program that is intended to incentivize the delivery of high-quality patient care. The HHVBP program would withhold 3% to 8% of Medicare payments, which would be redistributed to participating home health agencies depending on their performance relative to specified measures. The HHVBP would apply to all home health agencies in Arizona, Florida, Iowa, Massachusetts, Maryland, Nebraska, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Washington. 
  On October 31, 2016, CMS released a Final Rule (effective January 1, 2017) regarding payment rates for home health services provided during calendar year 2017.  The national, standardized 60-day episode payment rate will increase to $2,989.97 for 2017. The rural rate is $3,079.67.  The Final Rule implements the final year of the four year phase-in of the rebasing adjustments to the national, standardized 60-day episode payment rate and the decrease of 0.97% to account for nominal case-mix growth between calendar year 2012 and calendar year 2014, which was not accounted for in the rebasing adjustments finalized in calendar year 2014.  The Final Rule also contains minor adjustments to the HHVBP program and to the home health quality reporting program.  CMS estimates the overall economic impact of the proposed rule's policy changes and payment rate update is an estimated aggregate decrease of 0.7% in payments to home health agencies, which decrease will vary based on each agency's wage index and patient mix weight. 
  Hospice 
  On July 31, 2015, CMS released a Final Rule that updated the Medicare hospice payment rates and wage index for fiscal year 2016, which resulted in an increase in payment rates of 1%. Beginning January, 1, 2016, CMS finalized its proposal for  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

two routine home care rates, in a budget-neutral manner, to provide separate payment rates for the first 60 days of care and care beyond 60 days. In addition to the two routine home care rates, CMS is implementing a service intensity add-on payment that would help to promote and compensate for the provision of skilled visits at end of life. As finalized, fiscal year 2016 will be the seventh and final year of the Budget Neutrality Adjustment Factor for hospice. CMS updated the aggregate hospice cap to $27,820.75 for the 2016 hospice cap year. CMS is also changing the hospice inpatient and aggregate cap year to coincide with the fiscal year (October 1 to September 30) beginning October 1, 2017. The following table shows the hospice Medicare payment rates for fiscal year 2016, which began on October 1, 2015 and ended September 30, 2016: 

On July 29, 2016, CMS issued a final rule updating Medicare payment rates and the wage index for hospices for fiscal year 2017, which will result in 2.1% increase in payment rates.  The 2.1% increase is based on 2.7% inpatient hospital market basket update, reduced by a 0.3% productivity adjustment, and a 0.3% adjustment set by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ("PPACA").  The hospice cap amount for the 2017 hospice cap year will be $28,404.99.  The following table shows the hospice Medicare payment rates for fiscal year 2017, which began on October 1, 2016 and will end September 30, 2017: 

Community-Based Services 
  Community-based services are primarily performed by skilled nursing and paraprofessional personnel and include assistance with activities of daily living to the elderly, chronically ill, and disabled patients.  Revenue is generated on an hourly basis and our current primary payors are TennCare Managed Care Organization and Medicaid.  Approximately 80% of our net service revenue in this segment was generated in Tennessee.           
  Facility-Based Services 
  On December 26, 2013, President Obama signed into law the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113-67). This law prevents a scheduled payment reduction for physicians and other practitioners who treat Medicare patients from taking effect on January 1, 2014. Included in the legislation are the following changes to LTACH reimbursement: 

Medicare discharges from LTACHs will continue to be paid at full LTACH PPS rates if: 
                
    the patient spent at least three days in a short-term care hospital ( STCH ) intensive care unit ( ICU ) during a STCH stay that immediately preceded the LTACH stay, or 
                
    the patient was on a ventilator for more than 96 hours in the LTACH (based on the MS-LTACH DRG assigned) and had a STCH stay immediately preceding the LTACH stay. 
                
    Also, the LTACH discharge cannot have a principal diagnosis that is psychiatric or rehabilitation.    
     
   23 

     Table of Contents  

All other Medicare discharges from LTACHs will be paid at a new  site neutral  rate, which is the lesser of: 
                
    the inpatient prospective payment system ("IPPS") comparable per diem amount determined using the formula in the short-stay outlier regulation at 42 C.F.R.   412.529(d)(4) plus applicable outlier payments, or 
                
    100% of the estimated cost of the services involved. 
                
    The above new payment policy will be effective for LTACH cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 2015, and the site neutral payment rate will be phased-in over two years.  Two of our LTACH providers have a cost report period beginning June 1, 2016 and four of our LTACH providers have a cost report period beginning September 1, 2016.  
                
    For cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 2015, discharges paid at the site neutral payment rate or by a Medicare Advantage plan (Part C) will be excluded from the LTACH average length-of-stay ( ALOS ) calculation. 
                
    For cost reporting periods beginning in fiscal year 2016 and later, CMS will notify LTACHs of their  LTACH discharge payment percentage  (i.e., the number of discharges not paid at the site neutral payment rate divided by the total number of discharges). 
                
    For cost reporting periods beginning in fiscal year 2020 and later, LTACHs with less than 50% of their discharges paid at the full LTACH PPS rates will be switched to payment under the IPPS for all discharges in subsequent cost reporting periods. However, CMS will set up a process for LTACHs to seek reinstatement of LTACH PPS rates for applicable discharges. 
                
    MedPAC will study the impact of the above changes on quality of care, use of hospice and other post-acute care settings, different types of LTACHs and growth in Medicare spending on LTACHs. MedPAC is to submit a report to Congress with any recommendations by June 30, 2019. The report is to also include MedPAC s assessment of whether the 25 Percent rule should continue to be applied. 
                
    25 Percent rule relief for freestanding LTACHs, HWHs and satellite facilities will be extended without interruption for cost reporting periods beginning on or after December 29, 2007 through December 28, 2016. Grandfathered HWHs will be permanently exempt from the 25 Percent rule. CMS was to report to Congress by December 18, 2015 on whether the 25 Percent rule should continue to be applied.  CMS recommended that the 25 Percent rule relief remain in effect until CMS could evaluate the impact of the revised site neutral payment system.   
                
    The moratorium on new LTACH facilities and increases in LTACH beds will be renewed for the period from April 1, 2014 to September 30, 2017. Although the introductory language only refers to a moratorium extension for LTACH bed increases, the amendment to the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Extension Act ( MMSEA ) would extend both moratoriums. No exceptions will apply during this extension of the moratoriums. The original rule renewed the moratorium for the period beginning January 1, 2015; however, a provision within   HR4302   accelerated the moratorium period beginning on April 1, 2014. 
     On July 31, 2015, CMS issued a Final Rule to update fiscal year 2016 payment policies and rates under the IPPS and LTACH PPS, which affects discharges occurring in cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 2015.  CMS projects that LTACH PPS rates would decrease by 6.9%.  This estimated decrease is primarily attributable to the statutory decrease in payment rates for site neutral LTACH PPS cases that do not meet the clinical criteria to qualify for higher LTACH rates in cost reporting years beginning on or after October 1, 2015.  Cases that do qualify for higher LTACH PPS rates will see a payment rate increase of 1.7% (based on market basket update of 2.4% adjusted by a multi-factor productivity adjustment of -0.5 percentage point and an additional adjustment of -0.2 percentage point in accordance with the Affordable Care Act).  CMS also finalized its proposal to implement a transitional blended payment rate (50% site neutral rate and 50% LTACH PPS rates) for site neutral discharges occurring in fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
  On August 2, 2016, CMS released the final rule to update fiscal year 2017 LTACH reimbursement and policies under the LTACH PPS, which affects discharges occurring in cost reporting periods beginning on or after October 1, 2016.  CMS projects that overall LTACH PPS spending would decrease by 7.1%, compared to fiscal year 2016 payments.  This estimated decrease is attributable to the statutory decrease in payment rates for site neutral LTACH PPS cases that do not meet the clinical criteria to qualify for higher LTACH rates in cost reporting years beginning on or after October 1, 2016.  Cases that do qualify for higher LTACH PPS rates will see a payment rate increase of 0.7% (including a market basket update of 2.8% reduced by a multi-factor productivity adjustment of 0.3%, minus an additional adjustment of 0.75 percentage point in accordance with the PPACA, for a net market basket of 1.75%).  The LTACH PPS standard federal payment rate for fiscal year 2017 is $42,476.41 (increased from $41,762.85 in fiscal year 2016).  Site-neutral discharges will have a 23% reduction in payments. CMS also proposes to begin enforcement of the 25 Percent rule which will cap the number of patients treated at an LTACH who have  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

been referred from all locations of a hospital.  Grandfathered LTACH facilities are exempt from the 25 Percent rule, while rural LTACHs will have a threshold of 50% and MSA-dominant hospitals will have a threshold between 25% and 50%.   The 25 Percent rule will apply to discharges occurring after October 1, 2016.  CMS will have two separate outlier pools and thresholds for LTACH-appropriate patients and for site-neutral patients.  For 2017, CMS finalized an increase of its fixed-loss threshold to $21,943 from 2016 s $16,432, to limit outlier spending at no more than 8% of total LTACH spending (2016 outlier payments may reach 9.0%).  CMS is applying the proposed inpatient fixed-loss threshold of $23,570 for site neutral patients.  CMS also finalized four new measures for the LTACH Quality Reporting Program to meet the requirements of the Improving Medicare Post-Acute Care Transformation (IMPACT) Act.  For the fiscal year 2018 LTACH Quality Reporting Program, CMS added quality measures for Medicare spending per beneficiary, discharge to community and potentially-preventable 30-day post-discharge readmissions. For the fiscal year 2020 LTACH Quality Reporting Program, CMS adopted a new drug regimen review measure.  
  None of the above described estimated changes to Medicare payments for home health, hospice and LTACHs include the deficit reduction sequester cuts to Medicare that began on April 1, 2013, which reduced Medicare payments by 2% for patients whose service dates ended on or after April 1, 2013. 
   
  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to three months ended   September 30, 2015    
  Consolidated financial statements 
  The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands, except percentages which are percentages of consolidated net service revenue, unless indicated otherwise): 

(1) 
     Effective tax rate as a percentage of income from continuing operations attributable to LHC Group, Inc. s common stockholders. 
     Net service revenue 
  The following table sets forth each of our segment s revenue growth or loss, admissions, census, episodes, patient days, and billable hours for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and the related change from the same period in   2015   (amounts in thousands, except admissions, census, episode data, patient days and billable hours): 

25 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Same store   location that has been in service with us for greater than 12 months. 
              (2) 
    De Novo   internally developed location that has been in service with us for 12 months or less. 
              (3) 
    Organic   combination of same store and de novo. 
              (4) 
    Acquired   purchased location that has been in service with us for 12 months or less. 
     Total organic revenue and patient metrics increased in our home health services segment, hospice services segment, and community-based services segment due to the successful execution of same store growth strategies. 
   Total organic revenue and patient days decreased in our facility-based services segment due to the negative impact from the reduction of 18 beds in one LTACH location. In addition, patient criteria changes went into effect for two of our LTACH locations on June 1 and six of our LTACH locations on September 1.  The criteria changes are reflective in our decrease of revenue per patient days. 
  Organic growth is primarily generated by population growth in areas covered by mature agencies, agencies five years old or older, and by increased market share in acquired and developing agencies. Historically, acquired agencies have the highest growth in admissions and average census in the first 24 months after acquisition, and have the highest contribution to organic growth, measured as a percentage of growth, in the second full year of operation after the acquisition. 
  Cost of service revenue 
  The following table summarizes cost of service revenue (amounts in thousands, except percentages, which are percentages of the segment s respective net service revenue): 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Consolidated cost of service revenue for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  140.8 million  , or   61.0%   of net service revenue, compared to $120.9 million, or   59.2%   of net service revenue, for the same period in   2015  .  Consolidated cost of service revenue variances were as follows: 
    
     Home Health Segment -- Cost of service revenue increased as a percentage of net service revenue due in part to 1.5% Medicare reimbursement cuts recognized in 2016.  Additionally, acquisitions accounted for $2.5 million of the $10.0 million increase, with the remaining difference caused by the growth in our same store agencies.  
    
     Hospice Segment -- Acquisitions accounted for $7.7 million of the $9.6 million increase in cost of service revenue.  However, our cost of service revenue decreased as a percentage of net service revenue from 60.9% to 60.1%.  
    
     Community-Based Services Segment -- Cost of service revenue increased as a percentage of net service revenue due to an increase in labor costs related to providing a higher level of care for our current patient mix. 
    
     Facility-Based Segment -- Cost of service revenue increased as a percentage of net service revenue due to a reduction of salaries, wages, and benefits and supplies related to the loss of 18 beds for one LTACH location and lower revenue per patient day for the period caused by patient criteria changes that went into effect in June and September. 
    
  Provision for bad debts 
  Consolidated provision for bad debts for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  3.3 million  , or   1.4%   of net service revenue, compared to $  4.8 million  , or   2.4%   of net service revenue, for the same period in   2015  .  The decrease in provision for bad debts was primarily due to continued process improvements in our revenue cycle department that were implemented within the past 12 months and improved cash collections.  In addition, provision for bad debts in 2015 was higher due to claims associated with two payors in our home health services segment and delayed payment issues related to our transition to a new billing system for our community-based services segment. These issues were resolved. 

27 

     Table of Contents  

General and administrative expenses 
  The following table summarizes general and administrative expenses (amounts in thousands, except percentages, which are percentages of the segment s respective net service revenue): 

Consolidated general and administrative expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  67.0 million  , or   29.0%   of net service revenue, compared to   $60.5 million  , or   29.6%   of net service revenue, for the same period in   2015  . General and administrative expenses for the home health services and hospice services segments increased $1.3 million and $3.4 million, respectively, due to acquisitions.  
  Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
  Consolidated financial statements 
  The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (amounts in thousands, except percentages which are percentages of consolidated net service revenue, unless indicated otherwise): 

(1) 
    Effective tax rate as a percentage of income from continuing operations attributable to LHC Group, Inc. s common stockholders, excluding the changes in measurement realized in 2016 of the unrecognized tax position of $1.6 million.   
     
   28 

     Table of Contents  

For a discussion on the unrecognized tax position, see Note 6 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
           (2) 
     Effective tax rate as a percentage of income from continuing operations attributable to LHC Group, Inc. s common stockholders. 
     Net service revenue 
  The following table sets forth each of our segment s revenue growth or loss, admissions, census, episodes, patient days, and billable hours for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and the related change from the same period in   2015   (amounts in thousands, except admissions, census, episode data, patient days and billable hours): 

(1) 
    Same store   location that has been in service with us for greater than 12 months. 
              (2) 
    De Novo   internally developed location that has been in service with us for 12 months or less. 
              (3) 
    Organic   combination of same store and de novo. 
              (4) 
    Acquired   purchased location that has been in service with us for 12 months or less. 
     Total organic revenue and patient metrics increased in our home health services segment, hospice services segment, and community-based services segment due to the successful execution of same store growth strategies.    
  Total organic revenue and patient days decreased in our facility-based services segment due to the negative impact from the reduction of 18 beds in one LTACH location. In addition, patient criteria changes went into effect for two of our LTACH locations on June 1 and six of our LTACH locations on September 1.  The criteria changes are reflective in our decrease of revenue per patient days. 
  Organic growth is primarily generated by population growth in areas covered by mature agencies, agencies five years old or older, and by increased market share in acquired and developing agencies. Historically, acquired agencies have the highest  
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

growth in admissions and average census in the first 24 months after acquisition, and have the highest contribution to organic growth, measured as a percentage of growth, in the second full year of operation after the acquisition. 
  Cost of service revenue 
  The following table summarizes cost of service revenue (amounts in thousands, except percentages, which are percentages of the segment s respective net service revenue): 

Consolidated cost of service revenue for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  413.6 million  , or   60.9%   of net service revenue, compared to $  351.9 million  , or   58.9%   of net service revenue, for the same period in   2015  . Consolidated cost of service revenue variances were as follows: 
    
     Home Health Segment -- Cost of service revenue increased as a percentage of net service revenue due in part to 1.5% Medicare reimbursement cuts recognized in 2016.  Additionally, acquisitions accounted for $6.5 million of $31.8 million increase.  
    
     Hospice Segment -- Acquisitions accounted for $22.3 million of the $29.2 million increase in cost of service revenue. 
    
     Community-Based Services Segment -- Cost of service revenue increased as a percentage of net service revenue due to an increase in labor costs related to providing a higher level of care for our current patient mix. 
    
     Facility-Based Services Segment -- Cost of service revenue decreased due to the loss of 18 beds at one LTACH location. 
  Provision for bad debts 
  Consolidated provision for bad debts for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  11.7 million  , or   1.7%   of net service revenue, compared to $  14.9 million  , or   2.5%   of net service revenue, for the same period in   2015  .  The decrease in  
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

provision for bad debts was primarily due to continued process improvements in our revenue cycle department that were implemented within the past 12 months and improved cash collections.  In addition, provision for bad debts in 2015 was higher due to claims associated with two payors in our home health services segment and delayed payment issues related to our transition to a new billing system for our community-based services segment. These issues were resolved. 
  General and administrative expenses 
  The following table summarizes general and administrative expenses (amounts in thousands, except percentages, which are percentages of the segment s respective net service revenue): 

Consolidated general and administrative expenses for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was $  201.3 million  , or   29.6%   of net service revenue, compared to $  179.7 million  , or   30.1%   of net service revenue, for the same period in   2015  . The increase in consolidated general and administrative expenses was primarily due to an increase in the number of service providers resulting from acquisitions since September 30, 2015, and the recognition of a severance package of $1.1 million due to the resignation of our prior Chief Financial Officer.  General and administrative expenses for the home health services and hospice services segments increased $3.5 million and $9.7 million, respectively, due to acquisitions.  
  Loss on disposal of assets 
  The loss on disposal of assets increased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the sale of an aircraft.  The aircraft incurred damage and was subsequently sold at a price below the aircraft's net book value. The sale generated a loss of $0.9 million, which was realized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  Liquidity 
  Our principal source of liquidity for operating activities is the collection of patient accounts receivable, most of which are collected from governmental and third party commercial payors. We also have the ability to obtain additional liquidity, if necessary, through our credit facility, which provides for aggregate borrowings, including outstanding letters of credit, up to $225 million. 
  The following table summarizes changes in cash (amounts in thousands): 
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Cash provided by operating activities changed due to the accretion of acquisitions purchased since October 1, 2015. 
  Cash used in investing activities increased due to acquisition of Heartlite Hospice and five additional acquisitions which occurred during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to three acquisitions during the same period in 2015.  
  Cash used in financing activities decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the activity on our line of credit. Total proceeds decreased during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the funding of the $58.5 million purchase price of Halcyon Healthcare, LLC, which occurred on October 1, 2015 and was drawn on our line of credit during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. In addition, total payments on the line of credit increased in 2016.   
  Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts 
  For home health services, hospice services, and community-based services, we calculate the allowance for uncollectible accounts as a percentage of total patient receivables. The percentage changes depending on the payor and increases as the patient receivables age. For facility-based services, we calculate the allowance for uncollectible accounts based on a claim by claim review. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our allowance for uncollectible accounts, as a percentage of patient accounts receivable, was approximately 19.7%, or $29.3 million, compared to 19.5% or $26.7 million at   December 31, 2015  . Days sales outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was 48 and 46 days, respectively.  Increased accounts receivable from acquisitions, an increase in managed care accounts receivable, and collection delays resulting from ZPICs, RACs, and ADRs have each contributed to the increase in days sales outstanding.   
  The following table sets forth as of   September 30, 2016  , the aging of accounts receivable (amounts in thousands): 

The following table sets forth as of   December 31, 2015  , the aging of accounts receivable (amounts in thousands): 

Indebtedness 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had $123.2 million available for borrowing under our credit facility with $92.0 million drawn under our credit facility and $9.8 million of letters of credit outstanding. At   December 31, 2015  , we had   $98.0 million   drawn and $9.8 million of letters of credit outstanding under our credit facility. 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

For a discussion on our Credit Agreement with Capital One National Association, see Note 5 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  A letter of credit fee equal to the applicable Eurodollar rate multiplied-by the face amount of the letter of credit is charged upon the issuance and on each anniversary date while the letter of credit is outstanding. The agent s standard up-front fee and other customary administrative charges will also be due upon issuance of the letter of credit along with a renewal fee on each anniversary date of such issuance while the letter of credit is outstanding. Borrowings accrue interest under the Credit Agreement at either the Base Rate or the Eurodollar rate are subject to the applicable margins set forth below: 

Our Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative, negative and financial covenants. For example, without prior approval of our bank group, we are materially restricted in incurring additional debt, disposing of assets, making investments, allowing fundamental changes to our business or organization, and making certain payments in respect of stock or other ownership interests, such as dividends and stock repurchases, up to $50 million. Under our Credit Agreement, we are also required to meet certain financial covenants with respect to minimum fixed charge coverage and leverage ratios. 
  Our Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default. These include bankruptcy and other insolvency events, cross-defaults to other debt agreements, a change in control involving us or any subsidiary guarantor, and the failure to comply with certain covenants. 
  At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all covenants contained in the Credit Agreement governing our credit facility. 
  Contingencies 
  For a discussion of contingencies, see Note 8 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We do not currently have any off-balance sheet arrangements with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. As such, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these relationships. 
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  For a discussion of critical accounting policies, see Note 2 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  Accounts Receivable and Allowances for Uncollectible Accounts 
  We report accounts receivable net of estimated allowances for uncollectible accounts and adjustments. Accounts receivable are uncollateralized and consist of amounts due from Medicare, other third-party payors, and patients. To provide for accounts receivable that could become uncollectible in the future, we establish an allowance for uncollectible accounts to reduce the carrying amount of such receivables to their estimated net realizable value. 
  The collection of outstanding receivables is our primary source of cash collections and is critical to our operating performance. Because Medicare is our primary payor, the credit risk associated with receivables from other payors is limited.  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

We believe the credit risk associated with our Medicare accounts, which represent approximately 55% of our patient accounts receivable as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, is limited due to (i) the historical collections from Medicare and (ii) the fact that Medicare is a U.S. government payor. We do not believe that there are any other significant concentrations of receivables from any particular payor that would subject us to any significant credit risk in the collection of accounts receivable. 
  The amount of the provision for bad debts is based upon our assessment of historical and expected net collections, business and economic conditions and trends in government reimbursement. Quarterly, we perform a detailed review of historical writeoffs and recoveries as well as recent collection trends. Uncollectible accounts are written off when we have exhausted collection efforts and concluded the account will not be collected. 
  Although our estimated reserves for uncollectible accounts are based on historical experience and the most current collection trends, this process requires significant judgment and interpretation of the observed trends and the actual collections could differ from our estimates. 
  Insurance 
  We retain significant exposure for our employee health insurance, workers compensation, employment practices and professional liability insurance programs. Our insurance programs require us to estimate potential payments on filed claims and/or claims incurred but not reported. Our estimates are based on information provided by the third-party plan administrators, historical claim experience, expected costs of claims incurred but not paid and expected costs associated with settling claims. Each month, we review the insurance-related recoveries and liabilities to determine if any adjustments are required. 
  Our employee health insurance program is self-funded, with stop-loss coverage on claims that exceed $0.2 million for any individually covered employee or employee family member. We are responsible for workers  compensation claims up to $0.5 million per individual incident. 
  Malpractice, employment practices and general liability claims for incidents which may give rise to litigation have been asserted against us by various claimants. The claims are in various stages of processing and some may ultimately be brought to trial. We are aware of incidents that have occurred through   September 30, 2016   that may result in the assertion of additional claims. We currently carry professional, general liability and employment practices insurance coverage (on a claims made basis) for this exposure. We also carry D O coverage (also on a claims made basis) for potential claims against our directors and officers, including securities actions, with a deductible of $1.0 million per security claims and $0.5 million on other claims. 
  We estimate our liabilities related to these programs using the most current information available. As claims develop, we may need to change the recorded liabilities and change our estimates. These changes and adjustments could be material to our financial statements, results of operations and financial condition. 
   
  ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
  Our exposure to market risk relates to changes in interest rates for borrowings under our credit facility. Our letter of credit fees and interest accrued on our debt borrowings are subject to the applicable Eurodollar or Base Rate.  A hypothetical basis point increase in interest rates on the average daily amounts outstanding under the credit facility would have increased interest expense by $0.7 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
   
  ITEM 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information that we are required to disclose in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
  There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   35 

Table of Contents  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
  For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 8 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS. 
  There have been no material changes from the information included in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  of the Company s   2015   Form 10-K. 
   
  ITEM 2.    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 
  None. 
  
   36 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.    EXHIBITS. 

*    This exhibit is furnished to the SEC as an accompanying document and is not deemed to be  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, and the document will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. 

37 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LHC GROUP, INC. 

Date: November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Joshua L. Proffitt 

Joshua L. Proffitt 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer       
  (Principal financial officer) 

38 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 lhc-20160930exx102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 

_________________________________ 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
  BETWEEN 
  JOSHUA L. PROFFITT 
  AND 
  LHC GROUP, INC. 

_________________________________ 

Table of Contents 

Page 
      1. 
    Employment 
    1 
      
      2. 
    Term 
    1 
      
      3. 
    Extent of Service 
    2 
      
      4. 
    Compensation and Benefits 
    2 

(a)     Base Salary 
    2 

(b)     Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans 
    2 

(c)     Welfare Benefit Plans 
    2 

(d)     Expenses 
    3 

(e)     Fringe Benefits 
    3 

(f)     Vacation 
    3 

(g)     Office and Support Staff 
    3 

(h)     Annual Compensation Review 
    3 

(i)     One-Time Equity Grant and Cash Bonus 
    3 
      
      5. 
    Change of Control 
    3 
      
      6. 
    Termination of Employment 
    5 

(a)     Death or Retirement 
    5 

(b)     Disability 
    5 

(c)     Termination by the Company 
    5 

(d)     Termination by Executive 
    6 

(e)     Notice of Termination 
    7 

(f)     Date of Termination 
    7 
      
      7. 
    Obligations of the Company upon Termination 
    7 

(a)     Termination by Executive for Good Reason; Termination by the Company Other Than for Cause or Disability 
    10 

(b)     Death or Disability 
    10 

(c)     Cause, Voluntary Termination without Good Reason or Retirement 
    10 

(d)     Expiration of Term Following Notice 
    10 

(e)     Resignations 
    10 
      
      8. 
    Non-exclusivity of Rights 
    10 
      
      9. 
    Full Settlement; No Obligation to Mitigate 
    11 
      
      10. 
    Certain Additional Payments by the Company 
    11 
      
      11. 
    Costs of Enforcement 
    12 
      
      12. 
    Restrictions on Conduct of Executive 
    13 

(a)     General 
    13 

(b)     Definitions 
    13 

(c)     Restrictive Covenants 
    15 

(d)     Enforcement of Restrictive Covenants 
    17 
      
      13. 
    Consent to Jurisdiction 
    18 
      
      14. 
    Assignment and Successors 
    18 
      
      15. 
    Miscellaneous 
    19 

(a)     Waiver 
    19 

(b)     Severability 
    19 

(c)     Other Agents 
    19 

(d)     Entire Agreement 
    19 

(e)     Governing Law 
    19 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 
  EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
    
  THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this  Agreement ) by and between LHC Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), and Joshua L. Proffitt ( Executive ), is dated as of September 12, 2016 (the  Agreement Date ). 
  BACKGROUND 
  WHEREAS, the Company and Executive are parties to that certain Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of August 7, 2015 (the  Original Agreement ), pursuant to which Executive currently serves as an executive officer of the Company; 
  WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the services of Executive and engage Executive as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from and after the Agreement Date, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and Executive is willing to serve as such in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and 
  WHEREAS, the Original Agreement, and any other prior employment agreements between Executive and the Company, shall be terminated upon the Agreement Date and neither party shall have any further obligations under any such terminated employment agreements.  
  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
  1.  Employment  .  Executive is hereby employed as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company.  In his capacity as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Executive shall have the duties, responsibilities and authority commensurate with such position as shall be assigned to him by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.  In his capacity as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, Executive will report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
  2.        Term  .  Executive s employment shall be governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement for a period beginning on the Agreement Date and ending on September 30, 2019 (the  Term ).  Beginning on October 1, 2019, and on each subsequent October 1 thereafter, the Term shall, without further action by Executive or the Company, be extended by an additional one (1)-year period  ; provided, however,   that either the Company or Executive may, by notice to the other given at least six (6) months prior to the scheduled expiration of the Term or any then current renewal term, cause the Term or such then current renewal period to cease to extend automatically.  Upon such notice, the Term shall terminate upon the expiration of the then-current term, including any prior extensions.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, following the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Company may not cause the Term to expire earlier than the second (2   nd   ) anniversary of the Change of Control. 

1 

3.        Extent of Service  . During the Term, and excluding any periods of vacation, holiday, sick leave and Company-approved leave of absence to which Executive is entitled in accordance with Company policies, Executive agrees to devote substantially all of his business time, attention, skill and efforts exclusively to the faithful performance of his duties hereunder.  It shall not be a violation of this Agreement for Executive to (i) devote reasonable time to charitable or community activities, (ii) serve on corporate, civic, educational or charitable boards or committees, subject to the Company s standards of business conduct or other code of ethics, (iii) deliver lectures or fulfill speaking engagements from time to time on an infrequent basis, and/or (iv) manage personal business interests and investments, subject to the Company s standards of business conduct or other code of ethics, and so long as such activities do not interfere in a material manner or on a routine basis with the performance of Executive s responsibilities under this Agreement.  
  4.        Compensation and Benefits  . 
  (a)        Base Salary  .  During the Term, the Company will pay to Executive base salary at the rate of Four Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($425,000) per year ( Base Salary ), less normal withholdings, payable in approximately equal bi-weekly or other installments as are or become customary under the Company s payroll practices for its employees from time to time.  The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (or the full Board, if there is no Compensation Committee) shall review Executive s Base Salary annually and may increase (but not decrease) Executive s Base Salary from year to year.  Such adjusted salary then shall become Executive s Base Salary for purposes of this Agreement.  The annual review of Executive s salary by the Board will consider, among other things, Executive s own performance, and the Company s performance.   
  (b)        Incentive, Savings and Retirement Plans    During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to participate in all incentive, savings and retirement plans, practices, policies and programs available to senior executive officers of the Company ( Peer Executives ).  Without limiting the foregoing, the following shall apply:  
  (i)    during the Term, Executive will be entitled to participate in the Company s executive bonus plan, pursuant to which he will have an opportunity to receive an annual cash bonus (paid in quarterly installments) based upon the achievement of performance goals established from year to year by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (such bonus earned at the stated  goal  level of achievement being referred to herein as the  Target Bonus  and 
  (ii)        during the Term, Executive will be eligible for grants, under the Company s long-term incentive plan or plans, of stock options and/or restricted stock awards (or such other stock-based awards as the Company makes to Peer Executives).  Nothing herein requires the Board of Directors to make grants of options or other awards in any year.   
  (c)        Welfare Benefit Plans  .  During the Term, Executive and Executive s eligible dependents shall be eligible for participation in, and shall receive all benefits under, the welfare benefit plans, practices, policies and programs provided by the Company (including, without limitation, medical, prescription drug, dental, disability, employee life, dependent life,  
  
   2 

accidental death and travel accident insurance plans and programs) ( Welfare Plans ) to the extent available to other Peer Executives. 
  (d)        Expenses  .  During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in the course of performing his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement, in accordance with the policies, practices and procedures of the Company to the extent available to other Peer Executives with respect to travel, entertainment and other business expenses. 
  (e)      Fringe Benefits  .  During the Term, Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits in accordance with the plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company available to other Peer Executives. 
  (f)      Vacation  .  During the Term, Executive will be entitled to such paid vacation time as may be provided from time to time under any plans, practices, programs and policies of the Company available to other Peer Executives.   
  (g)      Office and Support Staff  .  During the Term, Executive will be entitled to office, furnishings and equipment of similar type and quality made available to other Peer Executives.  During the Term, Executive will be entitled to secretarial and other assistance reasonably necessary for the performance of his duties and responsibilities. 
  (h)      Annual Compensation Review  .  As set forth in Section 4(a) herein, on an annual basis the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company shall conduct an overall review of Executive s compensation package including base salary, short term incentives and long-term incentives.  This review shall be based on input from the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a review of Executive s performance and the Company s performance.  In addition, on an annual basis, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and the Chair of the Compensation Committee shall review with Executive his compensation package, including any compensation surveys and other comparable data used by the Compensation Committee to establish Executive s compensation package.  As set forth above, this review will not result in a decrease in Executive s Base Salary from the previous year.  
  (i)      One-Time Equity Grant and Cash Bonus  .  Solely in consideration of Executive s execution of this Agreement, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has authorized (i) a one-time equity grant in the amount of Twenty Thousand (20,000) shares of restricted stock to be issued to Executive on the Agreement Date and (ii) a one-time cash bonus in the amount of Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($75,000).  The Twenty Thousand (20,000) shares of restricted stock will vest as to twenty percent (20%) of the shares on August 1 of each of 2017   2021 and will be subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement and in the Company s standard restricted stock agreement.  
  5.      Change of Control  .  For the purposes of this Agreement, a  Change of Control  shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: 
  
   3 

(a)    individuals who, on the Agreement Date, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (the  Incumbent Directors ) cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of such Board, provided that any person becoming a director after the Agreement Date and whose election or nomination for election was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors then on the Board shall be an Incumbent Director;   provided, however  , that no individual initially elected or nominated as a director of the Company as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors ( Election Contest ) or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of any  person  (such term for purposes of this Section 5 being as defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and as used in Section 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) other than the Board ( Proxy Contest ), including by reason of any agreement intended to avoid or settle any Election Contest or Proxy Contest, shall be deemed an Incumbent Director; or 
  (b)    any person is or becomes a  beneficial owner  (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of either (i) thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the then-outstanding shares of common stock of the Company ( Company Common Stock ) or (ii) securities of the Company representing thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities eligible to vote for the election of directors (the  Company Voting Securities    provided, however  , that for purposes of this paragraph (b), the following acquisitions of Company Common Stock or Company Voting Securities shall not constitute a Change of Control: (A) an acquisition directly from the Company, (B) an acquisition by the Company or a subsidiary of the Company, (C) an acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, or (D) an acquisition pursuant to a Non-Qualifying Transaction (as defined in paragraph (c) below); or 
  (c)    the consummation of a recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar form of transaction involving the Company or a subsidiary of the Company (a  Reorganization ), or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company s assets (a  Sale ) or the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity (an  Acquisition ), unless immediately following such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition: (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the outstanding Company Common Stock and outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent (50%) of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, as the case may be, of the entity resulting from or surviving such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (including, without limitation, an entity which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company s assets or stock either directly or through one or more subsidiary entities, the  Surviving Entity ) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, immediately prior to such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition, of the outstanding Company Common Stock and the outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, and (B) no person (other than (x) the Company or any subsidiary of the Company, (y) the Surviving Entity or its ultimate parent  
  
   4 

entity, or (z) any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by any of the foregoing) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the total common stock or thirty-five percent (35%) or more of the total voting power of the outstanding voting securities eligible to elect directors of the Surviving Entity, and (C) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the Surviving Entity were Incumbent Directors at the time of the Board s approval of the execution of the initial agreement providing for such Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (any Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition which satisfies all of the criteria specified in (A), (B) and (C) above shall be deemed to be a  Non-Qualifying Transaction  or 
  (d)    approval by the members or stockholders of the Company, as the case may be, of a complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 
  6.      Termination of Employment  . 
  (a)      Death or Retirement  .  Executive s employment shall terminate automatically upon Executive s death or Retirement during the Term.  For purposes of this Agreement,  Retirement  shall mean normal retirement as defined in the Company s then-current retirement plan, or if there is no such retirement plan,  Retirement  shall mean voluntary termination after age sixty-five (65) with at least ten (10) years of service.   
  (b)      Disability  .  If the Company determines in good faith that the Disability (as defined below) of Executive has occurred during the Term, it may give to Executive written notice of its intention to terminate Executive s employment.  In such event, Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the thirtieth (30th) day after receipt of such written notice by Executive (the  Disability Effective Date ), provided that, within the thirty (30) days after such receipt, Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of Executive s duties.  For purposes of this Agreement,  Disability  shall have the same meaning as provided in the long-term disability plan or policy maintained by the Company and covering Executive.  If no such long-term disability plan or policy is maintained,  Disability  shall mean the inability of Executive, as determined by the Board of Directors, to perform the essential functions of his regular duties and responsibilities, with or without reasonable accommodation, due to a medically determinable physical or mental illness which has lasted (or can reasonably be expected to last) for a period of six (6) consecutive months.   
  (c)      Termination by the Company  .  The Company may terminate Executive s employment during the Term with or without Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement,  Cause  shall mean: 
  (i)    any conduct by Executive involving moral turpitude that has a material adverse impact on the Company or on Executive s ability to perform his duties hereunder; 
  (ii)    Executive s commission or conviction of, or pleading guilty or   nolo     contendere   (or any similar plea or admission) to, a felony or a criminal act involving dishonesty or other moral turpitude; 
  
   5 

(iii)    any failure to abide by any material laws applicable to him in his capacity as an employee or executive of the Company or applicable to the Company or any of its parents or subsidiaries; 
  (iv)    any failure or refusal on the part of Executive to perform his duties under this Agreement or to obey lawful directives from the Board of Directors or Chief Executive Officer of the Company, or either of their designees, if not remedied within ten (10) business days after Company s providing notice thereof; 
  (v)    any violation of any policy of Company relating to equal employment opportunity, harassment, business conduct or conflict of interest; 
  (vi)    use of illegal drugs, abuse of other controlled substances or working under the influence of alcohol or other controlled substances;  and 
  (vii)    any breach by Executive of any obligation under this Agreement if not remedied within ten (10) business days after Company s providing notice thereof.  
  (d)      Termination by Executive  .  Executive s employment may be terminated by Executive during the Term for Good Reason or no reason.  For purposes of this Agreement, unless written consent of Executive is obtained,  Good Reason  shall mean: 
  (i)    a material reduction by the Company in Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the Agreement Date (which reduction in Base Salary is not permitted by Section 4(a) hereof) or as the same may be increased from time to time; 
  (ii)    any failure by the Company to comply with and satisfy Section 14(c) of this Agreement; 
  (iii)    the material breach by the Company of any of the financial obligations of Company set forth in this Agreement;  
  (iv)    after the occurrence of a Change of Control, a material diminution in Executive s position, authority, duties or responsibilities; or 
  (v)    after the occurrence of a Change of Control, a change in the geographic location greater than a seventy-five (75)-mile radius from Lafayette, LA at which Executive must perform services or be required to maintain an office. 
  Any claim of  Good Reason  under this Agreement shall be communicated by Executive to the Company in writing, which writing shall specifically identify the factual details concerning the event(s) giving rise to Executive s claim of Good Reason under this Section 6(d).  The Company shall have an opportunity to cure any claimed event of Good Reason within thirty (30) days of such notice from Executive.  Good Reason shall cease to exist for an event or condition described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above on the ninetieth (90   th   ) day following its occurrence, unless Executive has given the Company written notice thereof prior to such date. 
  
   6 

(e)      Notice of Termination  .  Any termination by the Company for Cause, or by Executive for Good Reason, shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 15(f) of this Agreement.  For purposes of this Agreement, a  Notice of Termination  means a written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated, and (iii) specifies the termination date.  The failure by Executive or the Company to set forth in the Notice of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason or Cause shall not waive any right of Executive or the Company, respectively, hereunder or preclude Executive or the Company, respectively, from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing Executive s or the Company s rights hereunder. 
  (f)      Date of Termination  .   Date of Termination  means (i) if Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, or by Executive for Good Reason, the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or a date within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Notice of Termination, as specified in such notice, (ii) if Executive s employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or a date within ninety (90) days after receipt of the Notice of Termination, as specified in such notice, (iii) if Executive s employment is terminated by reason of death or Disability, the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of Executive or the Disability Effective Date, as the case may be, and (iv) if Executive s employment is terminated by Executive without Good Reason, the Date of Termination shall be sixty (60) days following the Company s receipt of the Notice of Termination, unless the Company specifies an earlier Date of Termination. 
  7.      Obligations of the Company upon Termination  . 
  (a)      Termination by Executive for Good Reason; Termination by the Company Other Than for Cause or Disability  .  If, during the Term, the Company shall terminate Executive s employment other than for Cause or Disability, or Executive shall terminate employment for Good Reason within a period of one-hundred and eighty (180) days after the occurrence of the event giving rise to Good Reason, then and, with respect to the payments and benefits described below, only if Executive executes a Release in substantially the form of   Exhibit A   hereto (the  Release ): 
  (i)    the Company shall provide to Executive in a single lump sum cash payment within thirty (30) days after the Date of Termination, or if later, within five (5) days after the Release becomes effective and nonrevocable (but in no event shall such amount be payable later than March 15 of the year following the year in with Executive s employment was terminated), the aggregate of the following amounts: 
  A.    the sum of the following amounts, to the extent not previously paid to Executive (the  Accrued Obligations ): (1) Executive s Base Salary through the Date of Termination, and (2) any accrued pay in lieu of unused vacation (in accordance with the Company s vacation policy; and 
  
   7 

B.    a severance payment as determined pursuant to clause (x) or (y) below, as applicable: 
  (x)    if the Date of Termination occurs before, or more than two (2) years after, the occurrence of a Change of Control, the severance payment shall be the product of one-and-a-half (1.5) times the sum of (1) Executive s Base Salary in effect as of the Date of Termination (ignoring any decrease in Executive s Base Salary unless consented to by Executive), and (2) the greater of the average of the annual cash bonuses earned by Executive for the two (2) fiscal years in which annual bonuses were paid immediately preceding the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, or Executive s Target Bonus for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs; or 
  (y)    if the Date of Termination occurs within two (2) years after the occurrence of a Change of Control, the severance payment shall be the product of two-and-a-half (2.5) times the sum of (1) Executive s Base Salary in effect as of the Date of Termination, and (2) the greater of the average of the annual bonuses earned by Executive for the two fiscal years in which annual bonuses were paid immediately preceding the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, or Executive s Target Bonus for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs; and 
  (ii)    the Company shall pay to Executive, in a single lump sum cash payment at the time that annual bonuses are paid to Peer Executives, or such later date as may be required pursuant to Section 15(i), an annual bonus for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, equal to (i) the bonus, if any, that would have been earned by Executive under the annual incentive bonus plan for such year if he had remained employed on such payment date, based on actual performance under applicable financial metrics, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days worked by Executive during such final year and the denominator of which is three-hundred and sixty-five (365) (the  Prorated Final Year Bonus  and  
  (iii)    to the extent not theretofore paid or provided, the Company shall timely pay or deliver, as appropriate, all other benefits due to Executive pursuant to any employee benefit plans or incentive plans maintained by the Company with respect to services rendered by Executive prior to the Date of Termination (such other amounts and benefits shall be hereinafter referred to as the  Other Benefits ). 
  (iv)    In addition to the payments and benefits described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, Executive shall be entitled to the following additional benefits:  
  A.    If the Date of Termination occurs within two (2) years after the occurrence of a Change of Control, all grants of stock options and other equity awards granted by the Company and held by Executive as of the Date of Termination will become immediately vested and exercisable as of the Date of Termination and, to the extent necessary, this Agreement is hereby deemed an amendment of any such outstanding stock option or other equity award;  
  
   8 

B.    If the Date of Termination occurs before a Change of Control or two (2) years following the occurrence of a Change of Control, then, except as provided below, all grants of stock options and other equity awards granted by the Company and held by Executive as of the Date of Termination will remain outstanding and will (i) continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with their current vesting schedule provided that Executive continues to comply with the provisions of Section 13 hereof following the Date of Termination and during the Restricted Period (and any unvested award shall be forfeited in the event Executive breaches any of the provisions of Section 13 during such period), and (ii) continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with their current vesting schedule without condition following the end of the Restricted Period provided that Executive complied with the provisions of Section 13 hereof during the Restricted Period.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive incurs a tax liability with respect to an award of restricted stock prior to the time the restrictions on such restricted stock would lapse in accordance with this Section 7(a)(iv)(B), the restrictions shall lapse on the date such tax liability arises with respect to the number of whole shares of the Company s common stock having a fair market value at such time no greater than the amount required to satisfy all tax withholding requirements applicable thereto.  The Company shall withhold such released shares to satisfy such withholding obligations, and any unvested shares of restricted stock will be subject to the remaining vesting schedule.  To the extent necessary, this Agreement is hereby deemed an amendment of any such outstanding stock option or other equity award; and 
  C.    If Executive elects to continue participation in any group medical, dental, vision and/or prescription drug plan benefits to which Executive and/or Executive s eligible dependents would be entitled under Section 4980B of the Code (COBRA), then during the period that Executive is entitled to such coverage under COBRA (the  Coverage Period ), the Company shall pay the excess of (i) the COBRA cost of such coverage, over (ii) the amount that Executive would have had to pay for such coverage if he had remained employed during the Coverage Period and paid the active employee rate for such coverage,   provided, however  , that the cost so paid on behalf of Executive by the Company will be deemed taxable income to Executive to the extent required by law, and   provided, further  , that if Executive becomes eligible to receive group health benefits under a program of a subsequent employer or otherwise (including coverage available to Executive s spouse), the Company s obligation to pay the cost of health coverage as described herein shall cease, except as otherwise provided by law. 
  If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control and if it can reasonably be shown that Executive s termination (i) was at the direction or request of a third party that had taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a Change of Control after such termination, or (ii) otherwise occurred in anticipation of a Change of Control, and in either case a Change of Control as defined hereunder does, in fact, occur, then Executive shall have the rights described in this Section 7(a) as if the Change of Control had occurred on the date immediately preceding the Date of Termination. 
  
   9 

Executive acknowledges and agrees that the receipt of severance benefits provided in this Section 7(a) constitutes consideration for the restrictions on the conduct of Executive contained in Section 12 of this Agreement. 
  (b)      Death or Disability  .  If Executive s employment is terminated by reason of his death or Disability during the Term, all grants of stock options and other equity awards granted by the Company and held by Executive will become immediately vested and exercisable as of the Date of Termination (and this Agreement is hereby deemed an amendment of any such outstanding stock option or other equity award to the extent necessary), and this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive or his estate, beneficiaries or legal representatives, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits.  Accrued Obligations shall be paid to Executive or his estate, beneficiary or legal representative, as applicable, in a lump sum in cash within thirty (30) days of the Date of Termination.  With respect to the provision of Other Benefits, the term Other Benefits as used in this Section 7(b) shall include, without limitation, and Executive or his estate, beneficiaries or legal representatives, as applicable, shall be entitled to receive, benefits under such plans, programs, practices and policies relating to death, disability or retirement benefits, if any, as are applicable to Executive or his family on the Date of Termination.   
  (c)      Cause, Voluntary Termination without Good Reason or Retirement  .  If Executive s employment shall be terminated for Cause during the Term, or if Executive voluntarily terminates employment during the Term without Good Reason or by reason of his Retirement, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive, other than for payment of Accrued Obligations and the timely payment or provision of Other Benefits. 
  (d)      Expiration of Term Following Notice  .  If either party gives notice under Section 2 to cause the Term to cease to extend automatically, this Agreement shall terminate without further obligations to Executive upon the expiration of the then-current term,   provided, however  , that if it is the Company who gives notice to Executive under Section 2 to cause the Term to cease to extend automatically, then upon Executive s termination of employment following such notice, all grants of stock options and other equity awards granted by the Company and held by Executive as of the Date of Termination will remain outstanding and will continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with their current vesting schedule for so long as Executive voluntarily complies with the restrictions of Section 13 hereof following the Date of Termination as if such restrictions applied to Executive.  Any unvested award shall be forfeited upon Executive s failure to comply with any of the restrictions of Section 13 as if such restrictions applied to Executive.  To the extent necessary, this Agreement is hereby deemed an amendment of any such outstanding stock option or other equity award. 
  (e)      Resignations  .  Termination of Executive s employment for any reason whatsoever shall constitute Executive s resignation as an officer of the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
  8.        Non-exclusivity of Rights  .  Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent or limit Executive s continuing or future participation in any employee benefit plan, program, policy or practice provided by the Company and for which Executive may qualify, except as specifically  
  
   10 

provided herein.  Amounts which are vested benefits or which Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any employee benefit plan, policy, practice or program of the Company, its subsidiaries or any of its affiliated companies at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be payable in accordance with such plan, policy, practice or program except as explicitly modified by this Agreement. 
  9.      Full Settlement; No Obligation to Mitigate  .  The Company s obligation to make the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other claim, right or action which the Company may have against Executive or others.  In no event shall Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and, except as explicitly provided herein, such amounts shall not be reduced whether or not Executive obtains other employment.   
    
  10.        Certain Additional Payments by the Company  . 
  (a)    Notwithstanding any other contrary provisions in any plan, program or policy of the Company, if all or any portion of the benefits payable under this Agreement, either alone or together with other payments and benefits which Executive receives or is entitled to receive from the Company, would constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), the Company shall reduce Executive s payments and benefits payable under this Agreement to the extent necessary so that no portion thereof shall be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, but only if, by reason of such reduction, the net after-tax benefit shall exceed the net after-tax benefit if such reduction were not made.   Net after-tax benefit  for these purposes shall mean the sum of (i) the total amount payable to Executive under the Agreement, plus (ii) all other payments and benefits which Executive receives or is then entitled to receive from the Company that, alone or in combination with the payments and benefits payable under the Agreement, would constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code (each such benefit hereinafter referred to as an  Additional Parachute Payment ), less (iii) the amount of federal income taxes payable with respect to the foregoing calculated at the maximum marginal income tax rate for each year in which the foregoing shall be paid to Executive (based upon the rate in effect for such year as set forth in the Code at the time of the payment under the Agreement), less (iv) the amount of excise taxes imposed with respect to the payments and benefits described in (i) and (ii) above by Section 4999 of the Code.  The parachute payments reduced shall be those that provide Executive the best economic benefit and to the extent any parachute payments are economically equivalent with each other, each shall be reduced pro rata;   provided, however  , that Executive may elect to have the non-cash payments and benefits due Executive reduced (or eliminated) prior to any reduction of the cash payments due under this Agreement. 
  (b)    All determinations required to be made under this Section 10 shall be made by the accounting firm that was the Company s independent auditor prior to the Change of  
  
   11 

Control or any other third party acceptable to Executive and the Company (the  Accounting Firm ).  The Accounting Firm shall provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Company and Executive.  All fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne solely by the Company as set forth in Section 11(b) hereof.  Absent manifest error, any determination by the Accounting Firm shall be binding upon the Company and Executive. 
  (c)    For purposes of determining whether and the extent to which any payments would constitute a  parachute payment  (i) no portion of any payments or benefits that Executive shall have waived at such time and in such manner as not to constitute a  payment  within the meaning of Section 280G(b) of the Code shall be taken into account, (ii) no portion of the payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of tax counsel ( Tax Counsel ) reasonably acceptable to Executive and selected by the Accounting Firm, does not constitute a  parachute payment  within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code (including by reason of Section 280G(b)(4)(A) of the Code) and, in calculating the excise tax, no portion of such payments shall be taken into account which, in the opinion of Tax Counsel, constitutes reasonable compensation for services actually rendered, within the meaning of Section 280G(b)(4)(B) of the Code, in excess of the  base amount  (within the meaning set forth in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) allocable to such reasonable compensation, and (iii) the value of any non-cash benefit or any deferred payment or benefit included in the payments shall be determined by the Accounting Firm in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4) of the Code.   
  11.        Costs of Enforcement  .   
  (a)    In any action taken in good faith relating to the enforcement of this Agreement or any provision herein, Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for any and all costs and expenses incurred by him in enforcing or establishing his rights thereunder, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, whether suit be brought or not, and whether or not incurred in arbitration, trial, bankruptcy or appellate proceedings, but only if and to the extent Executive is successful in asserting such rights.  If Executive becomes entitled to recover fees and expenses under this Section 11(a), the reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made within ten (10) business days after delivery of Executive s respective written requests for payment accompanied with such evidence of fees and expenses incurred as the Company reasonably may require, but in no event later than March 15 of the year after the year in which such rights are established. 
  (b)    Executive shall also be entitled to be paid all reasonable legal fees and expenses, if any, incurred in connection with any tax audit or proceeding to the extent attributable to the application of Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code to any payment or benefit hereunder.  Such reimbursement of expenses shall be made on a current basis, as incurred, and in no event later than December 31 of the year following the calendar year in which the taxes that are the subject of the audit or proceeding are remitted to the taxing authority, or where as a result of such audit or proceeding no taxes are remitted, December 31 of the year following the calendar year in which the audit is completed or there is a final and nonappealable settlement or other resolution of the proceeding. 
  
   12 

12.        Restrictions on Conduct of Executive.       
  (a)      General  .  Executive and the Company understand and agree that the purpose of the provisions of this Section 12 is to protect legitimate business interests of the Company, as more fully described below, and is not intended to impair or infringe upon Executive s right to work, earn a living, or acquire and possess property from the fruits of his labor.  Executive hereby acknowledges that Executive has received good and valuable consideration for the post-employment restrictions set forth in this Section 12 in the form of the compensation and benefits provided for herein.  Executive hereby further acknowledges that the post-employment restrictions set forth in this Section 12 are reasonable and that they do not, and will not, unduly impair his ability to earn a living after the termination of this Agreement.   
  In addition, the parties acknowledge: (A) that Executive s services under this Agreement require unique expertise and talent in the provision of Competitive Services and that Executive will have substantial contacts with customers, suppliers, advertisers and vendors of the Company; (B) that pursuant to this Agreement, Executive will be placed in a position of trust and responsibility and he will have access to a substantial amount of Confidential Information and Trade Secrets and that the Company is placing him in such position and giving him access to such information in reliance upon his agreement to abide by the covenants set forth in this Section 12; (C) that due to Executive s unique experience and talent, the loss of Executive s services to the Company under this Agreement cannot reasonably or adequately be compensated solely by damages in an action at law; (D) that Executive is capable of competing with the Company; and (E) that Executive is capable of obtaining gainful, lucrative and desirable employment that does not violate the restrictions contained in this Agreement.   
  Therefore, Executive shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in this Section 12. 
  (b)      Definitions  .  The following capitalized terms used in this Section 12 shall have the meanings assigned to them below, which definitions shall apply to both the singular and the plural forms of such terms: 
     Competitive Services    means the business of providing post-acute healthcare services to patients through home nursing agencies, hospices, community based/private duty agencies and long-term acute care hospitals.   
     Confidential Information    means all information regarding the Company, its activities, business or clients that is the subject of reasonable efforts by the Company to maintain its confidentiality and that is not generally disclosed by practice or authority to persons not employed by the Company, but that does not rise to the level of a Trade Secret.   Confidential Information  shall include, but is not limited to, financial plans and data concerning the Company; management planning information; business plans; operational methods; market studies; marketing plans or strategies; product development techniques or plans; customer lists; customer files, data and financial information, details of customer contracts; current and anticipated customer requirements; identifying and other information pertaining to business referral sources; past, current and planned research and development; business acquisition plans; and new personnel acquisition plans.   Confidential Information  shall not include information that has become generally available to the  
  
   13 

public by the act of one who has the right to disclose such information without violating any right or privilege of the Company.  This definition shall not limit any definition of  confidential information  or any equivalent term under state or federal law. 
     Determination Date    means the date of termination of Executive s employment with the Company for any reason whatsoever or any earlier date (during the Term) of an alleged breach of the Restrictive Covenants by Executive. 
     Person    means any individual or any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, association or other entity or enterprise. 
     Principal or Representative    means a principal, owner, partner, stockholder, joint venturer, investor, member, trustee, director, officer, manager, employee, agent, representative or consultant. 
     Protected Customers    means any Person to whom the Company has sold its products or services or solicited to sell its products or services, other than through general advertising targeted at consumers, during the twelve (12) months prior to the Determination Date.   
     Protected Employees    means employees of the Company who were employed by the Company or its affiliates at any time within six (6) months prior to the Determination Date, other than those who were discharged by the Company or such affiliated employer without cause. 
     Restricted Period    means the Term, and if Executive s employment is terminated for any reason during the Term or if Executive has given notice to the Company under Section 2 to cause the Term  to cease to extend automatically, the Restricted Period shall mean the Term plus twenty-four (24) months (or the Term plus six (6) months if Executive s termination occurs within two (2) years after the occurrence of a Change of Control);   provided, however  , that the Restricted Period shall end with respect to the covenants in clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) of Section 12(c) on the sixtieth (60   th   ) day after the Date of Termination in the event the Company breaches its obligation, if any, to make any payment required under Section 7(a)(i). 
     Restricted Territory    means the geographical territories described on   Exhibit B   hereto.  The Company and Executive agree that   Exhibit B   shall be periodically reviewed and updated as necessary to maintain a current and complete description of the geographic territories in which the Company does business. 
      Restrictive Covenants    means the restrictive covenants contained in Section 12(c) hereof. 
     Third Party Information    means confidential or proprietary information subject to a duty on the Company s and its affiliates  part to maintain the confidentiality of such information and to use it only for certain limited purposes. 
  
   14 

Trade Secret    means all information, without regard to form, including, but not limited to, technical or nontechnical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, distribution lists or a list of actual or potential customers, advertisers or suppliers which is not commonly known by or available to the public and which information:  (A) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (B) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.  Without limiting the foregoing, Trade Secret means any item of confidential information that constitutes a  trade secret(s)  under the common law or statutory law of the State of Louisiana. 
     Work Product    means all inventions, innovations, improvements, developments, methods, processes, programs, designs, analyses, drawings, reports, and all similar or related information (whether or not patentable) that relate to the Company s or its affiliates  actual or anticipated business, research and development, or existing or future products or services and that are conceived, developed, contributed to, made, or reduced to practice by Executive (either solely or jointly with others) while employed by the Company or its affiliates. 
  (c)      Restrictive Covenants  . 
  (i)      Restriction on Disclosure and Use of Confidential Information and Trade Secrets  .  Executive understands and agrees that the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets constitute valuable assets of the Company and its affiliated entities, and may not be converted to Executive s own use.  Accordingly, Executive hereby agrees that Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, at any time during the Restricted Period reveal, divulge, or disclose to any Person not expressly authorized by the Company any Confidential Information, and Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, at any time during the Restricted Period use or make use of any Confidential Information in connection with any business activity other than that of the Company.  Throughout the Term and at all times after the date that this Agreement terminates for any reason, Executive shall not directly or indirectly transmit or disclose any Trade Secret of the Company to any Person, and shall not make use of any such Trade Secret, directly or indirectly, for himself or for others, without the prior written consent of the Company.  The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is not intended to, and does not, alter either the Company s rights or Executive s obligations under any state or federal statutory or common law regarding trade secrets and unfair trade practices. 
  Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Executive shall not be restricted from disclosing or using Confidential Information or any Trade Secret that is required to be disclosed by law, court order or other legal process;   provided, however  , that in the event disclosure is required by law, Executive shall provide the Company with prompt notice of such requirement so that the Company may seek an appropriate protective order prior to any such required disclosure by Executive.   
  Executive acknowledges that any and all Confidential Information is the exclusive property of the Company and agrees to deliver to the Company on the Date of Termination, or at any other time the Company may request in writing, any and all Confidential Information which  
  
   15 

he may then possess or have under his control in whatever form same may exist, including, but not by way of limitation, hard copy files, soft copy files, computer disks, and all copies thereof. 
  (ii)      Nonsolicitation of Protected Employees  .  Executive understands and agrees that the relationship between the Company and each of its Protected Employees constitutes a valuable asset of the Company and may not be converted to Executive s own use.  Accordingly, Executive hereby agrees that during the Restricted Period, Executive shall not directly or indirectly on Executive s own behalf or as a Principal or Representative of any Person or otherwise solicit or induce any Protected Employee to terminate his employment relationship with the Company or to enter into employment with any other Person.   
  (iii)      Restriction on Relationships with Protected Customers  .  Executive understands and agrees that the relationship between the Company and each of its Protected Customers constitutes a valuable asset of the Company and may not be converted to Executive s own use.  Accordingly, Executive hereby agrees that, during the Restricted Period and in the Restricted Territory, Executive shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company, directly or indirectly, on Executive s own behalf or as a Principal or Representative of any Person, solicit, divert, take away or attempt to solicit, divert or take away a Protected Customer for the purpose of providing or selling Competitive Services;   provided, however  , that the prohibition of this covenant shall apply only to Protected Customers with whom Executive had Material Contact on the Company s behalf during the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the Date of Termination; and,   provided further  , that the prohibition of this covenant shall not apply to the conduct of general advertising activities.  For purposes of this Agreement, Executive had  Material Contact  with a Protected Customer if (a) he had business dealings with the Protected Customer on the Company s behalf; (b) he was responsible for supervising or coordinating the dealings between the Company and the Protected Customer; or (c) he obtained Trade Secrets or Confidential Information about the customer as a result of his association with the Company. 
  (iv)      Noncompetition with the Company  .  In consideration of the compensation and benefits being paid and to be paid by the Company to Executive hereunder, Executive understands and agrees that, during the Restricted Period and within the Restricted Territory, he shall not, directly or indirectly, carry on or engage in Competitive Services on his own or on behalf of any Person, or any Principal or Representative of any Person;   provided, however  , that the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed to prohibit the ownership by Executive of any securities of the Company or its affiliated entities or not more than five percent (5%) of any class of securities of any corporation having a class of securities registered pursuant to the Exchange Act.  Executive acknowledges that the Restricted Territory is reasonable because the Company carries on and engages in Competitive Services throughout the Restricted Territory and that in the performance of his duties for the Company he is charged with operating on the Company s behalf throughout the Restricted Territory. 
  (v)      Ownership of Work Product  .  Executive acknowledges that the Work Product belongs to the Company or its affiliates and Executive hereby assigns, and agrees to assign, all of the Work Product to the Company or its affiliates.  Any copyrightable work  
  
   16 

prepared in whole or in part by Executive in the course of his work for any of the foregoing entities shall be deemed a  work made for hire  under the copyright laws, and the Company or such affiliate shall own all rights therein.  To the extent that any such copyrightable work is not a  work made for hire,  Executive hereby assigns and agrees to assign to the Company or such affiliate all right, title, and interest, including without limitation, copyright in and to such copyrightable work.  Executive shall promptly disclose such Work Product and copyrightable work to the Board of Directors and perform all actions reasonably requested by the Board (whether during or after the Term) to establish and confirm the Company s or such affiliate s ownership (including, without limitation, assignments, consents, powers of attorney, and other instruments). 
  (vi)      Third Party Information  .  Executive understands that the Company and its affiliates will receive Third Party Information.  During the Term and thereafter, and without in any way limiting the provisions of Section 12(c)(i) above, Executive will hold Third Party Information in the strictest confidence and will not disclose to anyone (other than personnel of the Company or its affiliates who need to know such information in connection with their work for the Company or its affiliates) or use, except in connection with his work for the Company or its affiliates, Third Party Information unless expressly authorized by a member of the Board of Directors in writing. 
  (vii)      Use of Information of Prior Employers  .  During the Term, Executive will not improperly use or disclose any confidential information or trade secrets, if any, of any former employers or any other person to whom Executive has an obligation of confidentiality, and will not bring onto the premises of the Company or any of its affiliates any unpublished documents or any property belonging to any former employer or any other person to whom Executive has an obligation of confidentiality unless consented to by in writing the former employer or person.  Executive will use in the performance of his duties only information which is (i) generally known and used by persons with training and experience comparable to Executive s and which is (x) common knowledge in the industry or (y) is otherwise legally in the public domain, (ii) is otherwise provided or developed by the Company or its affiliates or (iii) in the case of materials, property or information belonging to any former employer or other person to whom Executive has an obligation of confidentiality, approved for such use in writing by such former employer or person.  
  (d)      Enforcement of Restrictive Covenants  . 
  (i)      Rights and Remedies Upon Breach  .  In the event Executive breaches, or threatens to commit a breach of, any of the provisions of the Restrictive Covenants, the Company shall have the right and remedy to enjoin, preliminarily and permanently, Executive from violating or threatening to violate the Restrictive Covenants and to have the Restrictive Covenants specifically enforced by any court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction, it being agreed that any breach or threatened breach of the Restrictive Covenants would cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to the Company.  Such right and remedy shall be independent of any others and  
  
   17 

severally enforceable, and shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company at law or in equity. 
  (ii)      Severability of Covenants  .  Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Restrictive Covenants are reasonable and valid in time and scope and in all other respects.  The covenants set forth in this Agreement shall be considered and construed as separate and independent covenants.  Should any part or provision of any covenant be held invalid, void or unenforceable, such invalidity, voidness or unenforceability shall not render invalid, void or unenforceable any other part or provision of this Agreement.  If any portion of the foregoing provisions is found to be invalid or unenforceable because its duration, the territory, the definition of activities or the definition of information covered is considered to be invalid or unreasonable in scope, the invalid or unreasonable term shall be redefined, or a new enforceable term provided, such that the intent of the Company and Executive in agreeing to the provisions of this Agreement will not be impaired and the provision in question shall be enforceable to the fullest extent of the applicable laws. 
  (iii)      Reformation  .  The parties hereunder agree that it is their intention that the Restrictive Covenants be enforced in accordance with their terms to the maximum extent possible under applicable law.  The parties further agree that, in the event any tribunal of competent jurisdiction shall find that any provision hereof is not enforceable in accordance with its terms, the tribunal shall reform the Restrictive Covenants such that they shall be enforceable to the maximum extent permissible at law. 
  13.      Consent to Jurisdiction  .  The Company and Executive irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the 15th Judicial District Court in Lafayette, Louisiana, in any judicial proceeding brought to enforce this Agreement.  The parties agree that any forum is an inconvenient forum and that a lawsuit (or non-compulsory counterclaim) brought by one party against another party, in a court of any jurisdiction other than the 15th Judicial District Court in Lafayette, Louisiana should be forthwith dismissed or transferred to 15th Judicial District Court in Lafayette, Louisiana. 
  14.        Assignment and Successors  . 
  (a)    This Agreement is personal to Executive and without the prior written consent of the Company shall not be assignable by Executive otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s legal representatives. 
  (b)    This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns. 
  (c)    The Company will require any Surviving Entity resulting from a Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition (if other than the Company) to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform it if no Reorganization, Sale or Acquisition had taken place.  As used in this Agreement,  Company  shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor  
  
   18 

to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. 
  15.      Miscellaneous  . 
  (a)      Waiver  .  Failure of either party to insist, in one or more instances, on performance by the other in strict accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver or relinquishment of any right granted in this Agreement or of the future performance of any such term or condition or of any other term or condition of this Agreement, unless such waiver is contained in a writing signed by the party making the waiver. 
  (b)      Severability  .  If any provision or covenant, or any part thereof, of this Agreement should be held by any tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, either in whole or in part, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions or covenants, or any part thereof, of this Agreement, all of which shall remain in full force and effect. 
  (c)      Other Agents  .  Nothing in this Agreement is to be interpreted as limiting the Company from employing other personnel on such terms and conditions as may be satisfactory to it, except that this Section 15(c) shall not override the provision of Section 6(d)(i). 
  (d)      Entire Agreement  .  Except as provided herein, this Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Company and Executive with respect to the subject matter hereof and, from and after the Agreement Date, this Agreement shall supersede any other agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, including without limitation, the Original Agreement.   
  (e)      Governing Law  .  Except to the extent preempted by federal law, and without regard to conflict of laws principles, the laws of the State of Louisiana shall govern this Agreement in all respects, whether as to its validity, construction, capacity, performance or otherwise.   
  (f)      Notices  .  All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered or three days after mailing if mailed, first class, certified mail, postage prepaid: 
  To the Company:    LHC Group, Inc. 
  901 Hugh Wallis Road South 
  Lafayette, LA 70508 
  Attention: Legal Department 
    
  To Executive:        Joshua L. Proffitt 
  Address on File with Company Records 

19 

Any party may change the address to which notices, requests, demands and other communications shall be delivered or mailed by giving notice thereof to the other party in the same manner provided herein. 
  (g)      Amendments and Modifications  .  This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a writing signed by both parties hereto, which makes specific reference to this Agreement. 
  (h)      Construction  .  Each party and his or its counsel have reviewed this Agreement and have been provided the opportunity to revise this Agreement and accordingly, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement.  Instead, the language of all parts of this Agreement shall be construed as a whole, and according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either party. 
  (i)      Code Section 409A  .  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any amount or benefit that would constitute non-exempt  deferred compensation  for purposes of Section 409A of the Code would otherwise be payable or distributable under this Agreement by reason of Executive s separation from service during a period in which he is a Specified Employee (as defined below), then, subject to any permissible acceleration of payment by the Company under Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ii) (domestic relations order), (j)(4)(iii) (conflicts of interest), or (j)(4)(vi) (payment of employment taxes):  
  (i)    if the payment or distribution is payable in a lump sum, Executive s right to receive payment or distribution of such non-exempt deferred compensation will be delayed until the earlier of Executive s death or the first day of the seventh (7   th   ) month following Executive s separation from service; and 
  (ii)    if the payment or distribution is payable over time, the amount of such non-exempt deferred compensation that would otherwise be payable during the six (6)-month period immediately following Executive s separation from service will be accumulated and Executive s right to receive payment or distribution of such accumulated amount will be delayed until the earlier of Executive s death or the first day of the seventh (7   th   ) month following Executive s separation from service, whereupon the accumulated amount will be paid or distributed to Executive and the normal payment or distribution schedule for any remaining payments or distributions will resume. 
  For purposes of this Agreement, the term  Specified Employee  has the meaning given such term in Code Section 409A and the final regulations thereunder ( Final 409A Regulations ),   provided, however  , that, as permitted in the Final 409A Regulations, the Company s Specified Employees and its application of the six-month delay rule of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) shall be determined in accordance with rules adopted by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, which shall be applied consistently with respect to all nonqualified deferred compensation arrangements of the Company, including this Agreement. 
  
   20 

(j)      Withholding  .  The Company or its subsidiaries, if applicable, shall be entitled to deduct or withhold from any amounts owing from the Company or any such affiliate to Executive any federal, state, local or foreign withholding taxes, excise taxes, or employment taxes ( Taxes ) imposed with respect to Executive s compensation or other payments from the Company or any of its affiliates.  In the event the Company or its affiliates do not make such deductions or withholdings, Executive shall indemnify the Company and its affiliates for any amounts paid with respect to any such Taxes. 
  [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signatures on Next Page] 

21 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed and delivered this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
  LHC GROUP, INC. 

By:        /s/ Keith G. Myers                  
          Keith G. Myers 
          Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

EXECUTIVE: 

/s/ Joshua L. Proffitt                 
  Joshua L. Proffitt  

22 

EXHIBIT A 
  Form of Release 
  THIS RELEASE ("Release") is granted effective as of the ____ day of _________, 20__, by ________ ("Executive") in favor of LHC Group, Inc. (the "Company").  This is the Release referred to that certain Employment Agreement effective as of _________, 20__ by and between the Company and Executive (the "Employment Agreement"), with respect to which this Release is an integral part.   
  FOR AND IN CONSIDERATION of the payments and benefits provided by Section 7 of the Employment Agreement and the Company's other promises and covenants as recited in the Employment Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Executive, for himself, his successors and assigns, now and forever hereby releases and discharges the Company and all its past and present officers, directors, stockholders, employees, agents, parent corporations, predecessors, subsidiaries, affiliates, estates, successors, assigns, benefit plans, consultants, administrators, and attorneys (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Releasees") from any and all claims, charges, actions, causes of action, sums of money due, suits, debts, covenants, contracts, agreements, promises, demands or liabilities (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Claims") whatsoever, in law or in equity, whether known or unknown, which Executive ever had or now has from the beginning of time up to the date this Release ("Release") is executed, including, but not limited to, claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (and all of its amendments), the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended, or any other federal or state statutes, all tort claims, all claims for wrongful employment termination or breach of contract, and any other claims which Executive has, had, or may have against the Releasees on account of or arising out of Executive's employment with or termination from the Company; provided, however, that nothing contained in this Release shall in any way diminish or impair (i) any rights of Executive to the benefits conferred or referenced in the Employment Agreement or Executive's Retention Bonus Agreement with the Company, (ii) any rights to indemnification that may exist from time to time under the Company s bylaws, certificate of incorporation, Louisiana law or otherwise, or (iii) Executive's ability to raise an affirmative defense in connection with any lawsuit or other legal claim or charge instituted or asserted by the Company against Executive. 
  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Executive hereby acknowledges and covenants that in consideration for the sums being paid to him he has knowingly waived any right or opportunity to assert any claim that is in any way connected with any employment relationship or the termination of any employment relationship which existed between the Company and Executive.  Executive further understands and agrees that he has knowingly relinquished, waived and forever released any and all remedies arising out of the aforesaid employment relationship or the termination thereof, including, without limitation, claims for backpay, front pay, liquidated damages, compensatory damages, general damages, special damages, punitive damages, exemplary damages, costs, expenses and attorneys' fees.  Nothing in this Release shall constitute a waiver of Executive's right to file an administrative charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or other government agency authorized to handle administrative employment claims,  
  
   A-1 

but Executive shall not receive or accept, and waives his right to, any monetary relief or remedies obtained on his behalf by any agency, organization, or other person. 
  Executive specifically acknowledges and agrees that he has knowingly and voluntarily released the Company and all other Releasees from any and all claims arising under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ("ADEA"), 29 U.S.C.   621, et seq., which Executive ever had or now has from the beginning of time up to the date this Release is executed, including but not limited to those claims which are in any way connected with any employment relationship or the termination of any employment relationship which existed between the Company and Executive.  Executive further acknowledges and agrees that he has been advised to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Release and that he has been given twenty one (21) days to consider this Release prior to its execution.  Executive also understands that he may revoke this Release at any time within seven (7) days following its execution.  Executive understands, however, that this Release shall not become effective and that none of the consideration described above shall be paid to him until the expiration of the seven day revocation period. 
  Executive agrees never to seek reemployment or future employment with the Company or any of the other Releasees. 
  Executive acknowledges that the terms of this Release must be kept confidential.  Accordingly, Executive agrees not to disclose or publish to any person or entity, except as required by law or as necessary to prepare tax returns, the terms and conditions or sums being paid in connection with this Release. 
  It is understood and agreed by Executive that the payment made to him is not to be construed as an admission of any liability whatsoever on the part of the Company or any of the other Releasees, by whom liability is expressly denied. 
  This Release is executed by Executive voluntarily and is not based upon any representations or statements of any kind made by the Company or any of the other Releasees as to the merits, legal liabilities or value of his claims.  Executive further acknowledges that he has had a full and reasonable opportunity to consider this Release and that he has not been pressured or in any way coerced into executing this Release. 
  Executive acknowledges and agrees that this Release may not be revoked at any time after the expiration of the seven-day revocation period and that he will not institute any suit, action, or proceeding, whether at law or equity, challenging the enforceability of this Release.  Executive further acknowledges and agrees that, with the exception of an action to challenge his waiver of claims under the ADEA, he shall not ever attempt to challenge the terms of this Release, attempt to obtain an order declaring this Release to be null and void, or institute litigation against the Company or any other Releasee based upon a claim which is covered by the terms of the release contained herein, without first repaying all monies paid to him under Section 7 of the Employment Agreement.  Furthermore, with the exception of an action to challenge his waiver of claims under the ADEA, if Executive does not prevail in an action to challenge this Release, to obtain an order declaring this Release to be null and void, or in any action against the Company or any other Releasee based upon a claim which is covered by the release set forth herein, Executive shall pay to the  
  
   A-2 

Company and/or the appropriate Releasee all their costs and attorneys' fees incurred in their defense of Executive's action. 
  This Release and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana.  If any provision hereof is unenforceable or is held to be unenforceable, such provision shall be fully severable, and this document and its terms shall be construed and enforced as if such unenforceable provision had never comprised a part hereof, the remaining provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect, and the court construing the provisions shall add as a part hereof a provision as similar in terms and effect to such unenforceable provision as may be enforceable, in lieu of the unenforceable provision. 
  This document contains all terms of the Release and supersedes and invalidates any previous agreements or contracts.  No representations, inducements, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, which are not embodied herein shall be of any force or effect. 
  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned acknowledges that he has read these three pages and he sets his hand and seal this ____ day of ____________, 20___. 

Sworn to and subscribed  
  before me this _____ day of  
  ______________, 20___. 
    
  _____________________ 
  Notary Public 
    
  My Commission Expires: 
    
  _____________________ 

A-3 

EXHIBIT B 
  Restricted Territory 
    
  The Restricted Territory shall include the following counties and parishes in the states where the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates conduct business: 
    
  ALABAMA 
  Autauga, Baldwin, Barbour, Bibb, Blount, Bullock, Butler, Calhoun, Chambers, Choctaw, Clarke, Clay, Cleburne, Coffee, Colbert, Conecuh, Coosa, Covington, Crenshaw, Cullman, Dale, Dallas, DeKalb, Elmore, Escambia, Etowah, Fayette, Franklin, Geneva, Greene, Hale, Henry, Houston, Jackson, Jefferson, Lamar, Lauderdale, Lawrence, Lee, Limestone, Lowndes, Macon, Madison, Marengo, Marion, Marshall, Mobile, Monroe, Montgomery, Morgan, Perry, Pickens, Pike, Randolph, Russell, Shelby, St. Clair, Talladega, Tallapoosa, Tuscaloosa, Walker, Washington, Wilcox, Winston 
    
  ARIZONA 
  Cochise, Coconino, Gila, Maricopa, Navajo, Pima, Pinal, Santa Cruz, Yavapai 
    
  ARKANSAS 
  Arkansas, Ashley, Baxter, Benton, Boone, Bradley, Calhoun, Carroll, Clark, Cleburne, Cleveland, Conway, Crawford, Crittenden, Cross, Dallas, Desha, Drew, Faulkner, Franklin, Fulton, Garland, Grant, Hempstead, Hot Spring, Howard, Independence, Izard, Jackson, Jefferson, Johnson, Lafayette, Lawrence, Lee, Lincoln, Little River, Logan, Lonoke, Madison, Marion, Miller, Mississippi, Monroe, Montgomery, Nevada, Newton, Ouachita, Perry, Phillips, Pike, Poinsett, Polk, Pope, Prairie, Pulaski, Randolph, Saline, Scott, Searcy, Sebastian, Sevier, Sharp, St. Francis, Stone, Union, Van Buren, Washington, White, Woodruff, Yell 
    
  CALIFORNIA 
  Alameda, Butte, Contra Costa, Glenn, Merced, San Joaquin, Shasta, Solano, Stanislaus, Tehama 
    
  COLORADO 
  Adams, Alamosa, Arapahoe, Boulder, Broomfield, Conejos, Costilla, Denver, Douglas, El Paso, Elbert, Huerfano, Jefferson, Larimer, Lincoln, Rio Grande, Saguache, Teller, Washington, Weld 
    
  FLORIDA 
  Alachua, Citrus, Escambia, Lake, Levy, Marion, Okaloosa, Putnam, Santa Rosa, Sumter, Walton 
    
  GEORGIA 
  Atkinson, Banks, Barrow, Bartow, Ben Hill, Berrien, Brooks, Butts, Carroll, Catoosa, Chattooga, Cherokee, Clarke, Clayton, Clinch, Cobb, Colquitt, Cook, Coweta, Dade, Dawson, Decatur, Dekalb, Douglas, Echols, Fannin, Fayette, Floyd, Forsyth, Fulton, Gilmer, Gordon, Grady, Gwinnett, Habersham, Hall, Haralson, Harris, Heard, Henry, Irwin, Jackson, Lanier, Lowndes, Lumpkin, Madison, Meriwether, Murray, Muscogee, Newton, Oconee, Paulding, Pickens, Polk,  
  
   B  -  1 

Rabun, Rockdale, Spalding, Stephens, Thomas, Tift, Towns, Troup, Turner, Union, Walker, Walton, Ware, White, Whitfield, Worth 
    
  IDAHO 
  Ada, Bannock, Bear Lake, Benewah, Bingham, Blaine, Boise, Bonner, Bonneville, Butte, Camas, Canyon, Caribou, Cassia, Clark, Custer, Elmore, Franklin, Freemont, Gem, Gooding, Jefferson, Jerome, Kootenai, Lemhi, Lincoln, Madison, Minidoka, Oneida, Owyhee, Payette, Power, Shoshone, Teton, Twin Falls 
    
  ILLINOIS 
  Alexander, Bond, Bureau, Calhoun, Cass, Champaign, Christian, Clark, Clay, Clinton, Coles, Cook, Crawford, Cumberland, Dewitt, Douglas, DuPage, Edgar, Edwards, Effingham, Fayette, Ford, Franklin, Fulton, Gallatin, Greene, Grundy, Hamilton, Hardin,  Henry, Iroquois, Jackson, Jasper, Jefferson, Jersey, Johnson, Kane, Kankakee, Knox, Lake, Lasalle, Lawrence, Lee, Livingston, Logan, Macon, Macoupin, Madison, Marion, Marshall, Mason, Massac, McHenry, Mclean, Menard, Mercer, Monroe, Montgomery, Morgan, Moultrie, Peoria, Perry, Piatt, Pope, Pulaski, Putnam, Randolph, Richland, Rock Island, Saline, Sangamon, Scott, Shelby, St. Clair, Stark, Tazewell, Union, Vermillion, Wabash, Washington, Wayne, White, Whiteside, Will, Williamson, Woodford 
    
  KENTUCKY 
  Allen, Anderson, Boone, Bourbon, Boyle, Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Casey, Christian, Clark, Clinton, Crittenden, Cumberland, Daviess, Edmonson, Estill, Fayette, Franklin, Fulton, Garrard, Grayson, Green, Hardin, Harrison, Hart, Henderson, Hickman, Jessamine, Kenton, Lincoln, Livingston, Logan, Lyon, Madison, Marshall, Mercer, Metcalfe, McCreary, Monroe, Nicholas, Owen, Pulaski, Rockcastle, Russell, Scott, Simpson, Taylor, Todd, Trigg, Union, Warren, Wayne, Webster, Woodford 
    
  LOUISIANA 
  Acadia, Allen, Ascension, Assumption, Avoyelles, Beauregard, Bienville, Bossier, Caddo, Calcasieu, Caldwell, Cameron, Catahoula, Claiborne, Concordia, De Soto, East Baton Rouge, East Carroll, East Feliciana, Evangeline, Franklin, Grant, Iberia, Iberville, Jackson, Jefferson, Jefferson Davis, La Salle, Lafayette, Lafourche, Lincoln, Livingston, Madison, Morehouse, Natchitoches, Orleans, Ouachita, Plaquemines, Pointe Coupee, Rapides, Red River, Richland, Sabine, St. Bernard, St. Charles, St. Helena, St. James, St. John the Baptist, St. Landry, St. Martin, St. Mary, St. Tammany, Tangipahoa, Tensas, Terrebonne, Union, Vermilion, Vernon, Washington, Webster, West Baton Rouge, West Carroll, West Feliciana, Winn 
    
  MARYLAND 
  Anne Arundel, Baltimore, Jurisdiction of Baltimore City, Calvert, Caroline, Carroll, Charles, Dorchester, Frederick, Harford, Howard, Montgomery, Prince George s, Queen Anne s, St. Mary s, Talbot, Washington, Wicomico, Worcester. 

B  -  2 

MISSISSIPPI 
  Adams, Amite, Attala, Benton, Calhoun, Carroll, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Claiborne, Clarke, Clay, Coahoma, Copiah, Covington, Desoto, Forrest, Franklin, George, Greene, Grenada, Hancock, Harrison, Hinds, Holmes, Humphreys, Issaquena, Jackson, Jasper, Jefferson, Jefferson Davis, Jones, Kemper, Lafayette, Lamar, Lauderdale, Lawrence, Leake, Leflore, Lincoln, Lowndes, Madison, Marion, Marshall, Montgomery, Neshoba, Newton, Noxubee, Oktibbeha, Panola, Pearl River, Perry, Pike, Pontotoc, Quitman, Rankin, Scott, Sharkey, Simpson, Smith, Stone, Sunflower, Tallahatchie, Tate, Tippah, Tunica, Union, Walthall, Warren, Washington, Wayne, Webster, Wilkinson, Winston, Yalobusha, Yazoo 
    
  MISSOURI 
  Audrain, Barry, Barton, Bollinger, Butler, Camden, Cape Girardeau, Carter, Cedar, Christian, Dade, Dallas, Douglas, Dunklin, Franklin, Gasconade, Greene, Hickory, Howell, Jasper, Lawrence, Laclede, Lincoln, Marion, McDonald, Mississippi, Monroe, Montgomery, New Madrid, Newton, Ozark, Pemiscot, Pike, Pulaski, Polk, Ralls, Reynolds, Scott, Shelby, St. Charles, St. Louis, Stoddard, Stone, Taney, Texas, Warren, Wayne, Webster, Wright 
    
  NORTH CAROLINA 
  Alamance, Beaufort, Bladen, Brunswick, Carteret, Caswell, Chatham, Columbus, Craven, Cumberland, Duplin, Durham, Edgecombe, Franklin, Granville, Greene, Guilford, Halifax, Harnett, Hoke, Johnston, Jones, Lee, Lenoir, Martin, Moore, Nash, New Hanover, Onslow, Orange, Pamlico, Pender, Person, Pitt, Randolph, Robeson, Rockingham, Sampson, Vance, Wake, Warren, Wayne, Wilson 
    
  OHIO 
  Adams, Athens, Belmont, Brown, Coshocton, Fairfield, Fayette, Gallia, Guernsey, Harrison, Highland, Hocking, Jackson, Jefferson, Lawrence, Licking, Meigs, Monroe, Morgan, Muskingum, Noble, Perry, Pickaway, Pike, Ross, Scioto, Tuscarawas, Vinton, Washington 
    
  OREGON 
  Benton, Clackamas, Douglas, Jackson, Josephine, Linn, Marion, Multnomah, Polk, Washington, Yamhill 
    
  RHODE ISLAND 
  Bristol, Kent, Newport, Providence, Washington 
    
  SOUTH CAROLINA 
  Abbeville, Aiken, Allendale, Anderson, Bamberg, Barnwell, Beaufort, Berkeley, Calhoun, Charleston, Cherokee, Chester, Chesterfield, Clarendon, Colleton, Darlington, Dillon, Dorchester, Edgefield, Fairfield, Florence, Georgetown, Greenville, Greenwood, Hampton, Horry, Jasper, Kershaw, Lancaster, Laurens, Lee, Lexington, Marion, Marlboro, McCormick, Newberry, Oconee, Orangeburg, Pickens, Richard, Richland, Saluda, Spartanburg, Sumter, Union, Williamsburg, York 

B  -  3 

TENNESSEE 
  Anderson, Bedford, Benton, Bledsoe, Blount, Bradley, Campbell, Cannon, Carroll, Carter, Cheatham, Chester, Claiborne, Clay, Cocke, Coffee, Crockett, Cumberland, Davidson, Decatur, Dekalb, Dickson, Dyer, Fayette, Fentress, Franklin, Gibson, Giles, Grainger, Greene, Grundy, Hamblen, Hamilton, Hancock, Hardeman, Hardin, Hawkins, Haywood, Henderson, Henry, Hickman, Houston, Humphreys, Jackson, Jefferson, Johnson, Knox, Lake, Lauderdale, Lawrence, Lewis, Lincoln, Loudon, Macon, Madison, Marion, Marshall, Maury, McMinn, McNairy, Meigs, Monroe, Montgomery, Moore, Morgan, Obion, Overton, Perry, Pickett, Polk, Putnam, Rhea, Roane, Robertson, Rutherford, Scott, Sequatchie, Sevier, Shelby, Smith, Stewart, Sullivan, Sumner, Tipton, Trousdale, Unicoi, Union, Van Buren, Warren, Washington, Wayne, Weakley, White, Williamson, Wilson 
    
  TEXAS 
  Andrews, Angelina, Armstrong, Borden, Bowie, Briscoe, Camp, Carson, Cass, Castro, Cherokee, Collin, Crane, Crosby, Dallas, Dawson, Deaf Smith, Delta, Denton, Donley, Ector, Ellis, Erath, Fannin, Floyd, Franklin, Garza, Glasscock, Gray, Grayson, Gregg, Hale, Hall, Hardin, Harrison, Hartley, Hockley, Hood, Hopkins, Howard, Hunt, Hutchinson, Jefferson, Johnson, Kaufman, Lamar, Lamb, Liberty, Loving, Lubbock, Lynn, Marion, Martin, Midland, Moore, Morris, Nacogdoches, Oldham, Orange, Panola, Parker, Pecos, Polk, Potter, Rains, Randall, Reagan, Red River, Reeves, Rockwell, Rusk, San Jacinto, Shelby, Smith, Somervell, Swisher, Tarrant, Terry, Titus, Tyler, Upshur, Upton, Ward, Winkler, Wise, Wood 
    
  VIRGINIA 
  Bedford, Bedford City, Bland, Botetourt, Carroll, Craig, Floyd, Franklin, Galax City, Giles, Grayson, Montgomery, Pulaski, Roanoke, Roanoke City, Smyth, Tazewell, Wythe 
    
  WASHINGTON 
  Adams, Clallam, Cowlitz, Ferry, Grant, Grays Harbor, Jefferson, King, Lewis, Lincoln, Mason, Pacific, Pend Oreille, Pierce, Snohomish, Spokane, Stevens, Thurston, Wahkiakum 
    
  WEST VIRGINIA 
  Barbour, Boone, Braxton, Cabell, Calhoun, Doddridge, Fayette, Gilmer, Grant, Greenbrier, Hampshire, Hardy, Harrison, Jackson, Kanawha, Lewis, Lincoln, Logan, Marion, Marshall, Mason, McDowell, Mercer, Mingo, Monongalia, Monroe, Nicholas, Ohio, Pendleton, Pleasants, Pocahontas, Preston, Putnam, Raleigh, Randolph, Ritchie, Roane, Summers, Taylor, Tucker, Tyler, Upshur, Wayne, Webster, Wetzel, Wirt, Wood, Wyoming 
    
  WISCONSIN 
  Dodge, Fond Du Lac, Jefferson, Kenosha, Milwaukee, Ozaukee, Racine, Rock, Sheboygan, Walworth, Washington, Waukesha 

B  -  4 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 lhc-20160930exx311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Keith G. Myers, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of LHC Group, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
     Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ Keith G. Myers 
        
    Keith G. Myers 
        
    Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 lhc-20160930exx312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Joshua L. Proffitt, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of LHC Group, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ Joshua L. Proffitt 
        
    Joshua L. Proffitt 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
        
    (Principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 lhc-20160930exx321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of LHC Group, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Keith G. Myers, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Joshua L. Proffitt, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ Keith G. Myers 
        
    Keith G. Myers 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 
        
    (Principal executive officer) 

/s/ Joshua L. Proffitt 
        
    Joshua L. Proffitt 
        
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
        
    (Principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 lhcg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lhcg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 lhcg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lhcg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lhcg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lhcg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

