<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1429260_0001144204-16-132800_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11813603</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>441752</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>626709</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2994765</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5249991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2295389</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>83</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132800.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109161620
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132800
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fortress Biotech, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001429260
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				205157386
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35366
		FILM NUMBER:		161984442

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 GANSEVOORT STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-652-4500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 GANSEVOORT STREET
		STREET 2:		9TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10014

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CORONADO BIOSCIENCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080310

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132800.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 v449362_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

  x   QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OF 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

From the transition period from __________
to__________.  

Commission File Number 001-35366  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC.  

  (Exact name of small business issuer
as specified in its charter)  

Delaware   
       
       20-5157386    

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   

(IRS Employer  
          Identification No.)    

2 Gansevoort Street, 9th Floor  

  New York, New York 10014  

  (Address of principal executive offices)  

(781) 652-4500  

  (Issuer s telephone number)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes      x 
    No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       x 
      No          

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of
 large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  
      x   

Non-accelerated filer  
           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes        
No   x  

As of November 9, 2016, there were 48,875,087 shares of
Common Stock of the issuer outstanding. 

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)   
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      6   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      8   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      48   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks   
      54   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      55   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      55   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      55   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      68   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      69   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      69   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      69   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      70   

Signature   
      71   

2  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

    Item 1.   Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  

 ($ in thousands except for share and per
share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations  

 ($ in thousands except for share and per
share amounts) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Stockholders  Equity  

 ($ in thousands) 

  (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows  

 ($ in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows (Continued)  

 ($ in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:    

Cash paid for interest    
     $  238       
     $  80     

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing and investing activities:    

Issuance of restricted stock    
     $  2       
     $  1     
 
     Issuance of warrant liabilities in conjunction with NSC debt    
     $  634       
     $  -     
 
     Beneficial conversion feature related to Opus Credit Facility    
     $  1,881       
     $  -     

Acquisition of National    

Goodwill    
     $  (21,739  )    
     $  -     
 
     Accounts receivable    
        (4,889  )    
        -     
 
     Cash deposits with clearing organizations    
        (1,030  )    
        -     
 
     Receivables from broker-dealers and clearing organizations    
        (1,607  )    
        -     
 
     Securities owned, at fair value    
        (2,178  )    
        -     
 
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets    
        (1,985  )    
        -     
 
     Property and equipment, net    
        (1,132  )    
        -     
 
     Restricted cash    
        (353  )    
        -     
 
     Accounts payable and accrued expenses    
        6,079       
        -     
 
     Accrued commissions and payroll payable    
        14,029       
        -     
 
     Deferred clearing and marketing credits    
        1,007       
        -     
 
     Other current liabilities    
        707       
        -     
 
     Non-controlling interests    
        17,717       
        -     
 
     Net cash acquired in acquisition of National    
     $  4,626       
     $  -     

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

1. Organization and Description of Business  

Fortress Biotech, Inc. ( Fortress 
or the  Company ) is a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to acquiring, developing and commercializing novel pharmaceutical
and biotechnology products. Fortress develops and commercializes products both within Fortress and through certain of our subsidiary
companies, also referred to herein as the  Fortress Companies.  Additionally, the Company recently acquired a controlling
interest in National Holdings Corporation, a diversified independent brokerage company (together with its subsidiaries, herein
referred to as  NHLD  or  National ). In addition to its internal development programs, the Company leverages
its biopharmaceutical business expertise and drug development capabilities and provides funding and management services to help
the Fortress Companies achieve their goals. The Company and the Fortress Companies may seek licensings, acquisitions, partnerships,
joint ventures and/or public and private financings  to accelerate and provide additional
funding to support their research and development programs. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has
several consolidated Fortress Companies, some of which contain product licenses, including Avenue Therapeutics, Inc. ( Avenue ),
Journey Medical Corporation ( JMC ), Coronado SO Co. ( Coronado SO ), Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc. ( Checkpoint ),
Mustang Bio, Inc. ( Mustang ), Helocyte, Inc. ( Helocyte ) and Escala Therapeutics, Inc. ( Escala ).
In addition to the foregoing companies and National, Fortress also maintains ownership positions in subsidiaries with minimal activity,
including Innmune Limited, CB Securities Corporation (which holds investments classified as cash and cash equivalents in 2016 and
2015), Cellvation, Inc. and Cyprium Therapeutics, Inc. 

National Holdings Corporation  

On September 9, 2016, the Company purchased
approximately 56% of NHLD s common stock, par value $0.02 per share, at the purchase price of $3.25 per share in cash for
a total purchase price of approximately $22.9 million (see Note 3). 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

Basis of Presentation and Principles
of Consolidation  

The accompanying unaudited interim condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation
S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements.
In the opinion of management, the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which
include only normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair statement of the balances and results for the periods presented.
Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the Company s annual financial statements prepared in accordance
with GAAP have been condensed or omitted. These condensed consolidated financial statement results are not necessarily indicative
of results to be expected for the full fiscal year or any future period. 

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures have been prepared with the presumption that users of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements have read or have access to the audited consolidated financial statements for the preceding fiscal year for each of
the Company, Checkpoint, Mustang and National. Accordingly, these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should
be read in conjunction with the Company s Form 10-K, which was filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) on March 15, 2016, from which the Company derived the balance sheet data at December 31, 2015 as well
as National s Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC on December 28, 2015, Checkpoint s Form 10G/A, filed with the
SEC on August 19, 2016, and Mustang s Form 10G/A, filed with the SEC on October 18, 2016. 

The Company s unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries: NHLD, Innmune Limited, Coronado SO,
Cyprium Therapeutics, Inc., Escala, JMC, CB Securities Corporation, Avenue, Checkpoint, Mustang, Helocyte and Cellvation, Inc.
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

The preparation of the Company s
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. 

The National assets acquired and liabilities
assumed as of September 9, 2016 are based upon estimated assets and liabilities as of September 9, 2016.  The Company did
not include revenues or expenses from the period from September 9, 2016 to September 30, 2016 as such amounts would be immaterial
to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  The Company believes National s assets acquired and liabilities
assumed as of September 9, 2016 approximate such balances as of September 30, 2016. 

8  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Fortress Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   

Use of Estimates  

The Company s unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements include certain amounts that are based on management s best estimates and judgments. The
Company s significant estimates include, but are not limited to, useful lives assigned to long-lived and intangible assets,
fair value measurements, stock-based compensation, common stock issued to acquire licenses, investments, accrued expenses, derivative
warrant liabilities, provisions for income taxes and contingencies. Due to the uncertainty inherent in such estimates, actual results
may differ from these estimates. 

Fair Value Measurement  

The Company follows accounting guidance
on fair value measurements for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. Under the accounting
guidance, fair value is defined as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. As such, fair value is a market-based
measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. 

The accounting guidance requires that fair
value measurements be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level 1 :  
      Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2:   
      Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices for similar assets or liabilities that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace.   

Level 3:   
      Unobservable inputs which are supported by little or no market activity and that are financial instruments whose values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation.   

The fair value hierarchy also requires
an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Assets
and liabilities measured at fair value are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement
in its entirety requires management to make judgments and consider factors specific to the asset or liability. 

Certain of the Company s financial
instruments are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis, but are recorded at amounts that approximate their fair value
due to their liquid or short-term nature, such as accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities. The carrying
value of the amount owed to Ovamed GmbH ( Ovamed ) upon the acquisition of certain manufacturing rights in December
2012 under the amendment to the Company s sublicense agreement with Ovamed has been recorded at its net present value, which
approximates its fair value. The amounts due to Ovamed are included in current liabilities at September 30, 2016 and at December
31, 2015 on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (see Note 12). 

On August 1, 2016, the Company entered
into a Settlement and Forbearance Agreement with Ovamed to settle contractual obligations of approximately $1.9 million. Under
the terms of the agreement, within ten days of execution of the agreement, the Company paid $1.1 million during the third quarter
of 2016, to be followed in nine months by a second payment of $0.8 million. The combined settlement amount reflects a payment of
an obligation previously recorded by the Company .  

Segment Reporting  

Consistent with the increase in
JMC s operations as of April 1, 2016 and the investment in NHLD as of September 9, 2016, the Company now operates in
three operating and reportable segments, Dermatology Product Sales, Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Product Development and
National. There are no significant inter-segment sales. The Company evaluates the performance of each segment based on
operating profit or loss. There is no inter-segment allocation of interest expense and income taxes. In addition, no
revenues or expenses were recorded by National from September 9, 2016 to September 30, 2016 (see Note 20). 

9  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers highly liquid investments
with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016
and at December 31, 2015 consisted of cash, money market funds and certificates of deposit in institutions in the United States.
Balances at certain institutions have exceeded Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits and U.S. government agency
securities. 

Property and Equipment  

Office equipment is recorded at cost and
depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each asset. Leasehold improvements are amortized over
the shorter of the estimated useful lives or the term of the respective leases. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

The Company reviews long-lived assets,
including property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable. Factors that the Company considers in deciding when to perform an impairment
review include significant underperformance of the business in relation to expectations, significant negative industry or economic
trends, and significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets. If an impairment review is performed to evaluate a
long-lived asset for recoverability, the Company compares forecasts of undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use
and eventual disposition of the long-lived asset to its carrying value. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted
future cash flows expected to result from the use of an asset are less than its carrying amount. The impairment loss would be based
on the excess of the carrying value of the impaired asset over its fair value, determined based on discounted cash flows. 

Restricted Cash  

The Company records cash held in trust
or pledged to secure certain debt obligations as restricted cash. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has $15.5 million of restricted
cash collateralizing a note payable of $14.9 million (see Note 11) and a pledge to secure a letter of credit in connection with
an office lease of $0.6 million. 

Inventories  

Inventories comprise finished goods, which
are valued at the lower of cost or market, on a first-in, first-out basis. The Company evaluates the carrying value of inventories
on a regular basis, taking into account anticipated future sales compared with quantities on hand, and the remaining shelf life
of goods on hand. 

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable consists of amounts
due to the Company for product sales from JMC. The Company s accounts receivable reflects discounts for estimated early payment
and for product estimated returns. Accounts receivable are stated at amounts due from customers net of an allowance for doubtful
accounts. Accounts that are outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. The Company determines
its allowance for doubtful accounts by considering a number of factors, including the length of time trade accounts receivable
are past due and the customer s current ability to pay its obligation to the Company. The Company writes off accounts
receivable when they become uncollectible. Accounts receivable are net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $0, at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Investments at Fair Value  

The Company elects the fair value option
for its long-term investments at fair value (see Note 7). The decision to elect the fair value option, which is irrevocable
once elected, is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis and applied to an entire instrument. The net gains or losses,
if any, on an investment for which the fair value option has been elected are recognized as a change in fair value of investments
in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The Company has various processes and controls
in place to ensure that fair value is reasonably estimated. While the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate
and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of
certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 

10  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Fair Value Option  

As permitted under the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ), Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 825,  Financial Instruments, 
( ASC 825 ), the Company has elected the fair value option to account for its Helocyte convertible notes that were
issued during 2016. In accordance with ASC 825, the Company records these convertible notes at fair value with changes in fair
value recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. As a result of applying the fair value option, direct costs
and fees related to the Helocyte convertible notes were recognized in earnings as incurred and were not deferred. 

Accounting for Warrants at Fair Value  

The Company classifies as liabilities any
contracts that (i) require net-cash settlement (including a requirement to net-cash settle the contract if an event occurs
and if that event is outside the control of the Company) or (ii) give the counterparty a choice of net-cash settlement or
settlement in shares (physical settlement or net-share settlement). 

The fair value of warrants that include
price protection reset provision features are deemed to be  down-round protection  and, therefore, do not meet the
scope exception for treatment as a derivative under ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging , since  down-round protection 
is not an input into the calculation of the fair value of warrants and cannot be considered  indexed to the Company s
own stock  which is a requirement for the scope exception as outlined under ASC 815. The accounting treatment of derivative
financial instruments requires that the Company record the warrants at their fair values as of the inception date of the agreement
and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash income
or expense for each reporting period at each balance sheet date. The Company reassesses the classification of its derivative instruments
at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the contract is reclassified
as of the date of the event that caused the reclassification. 

The Company assessed the classification
of warrants (the  Helocyte Warrants ) issued, in connection with the Helocyte convertible note financing in June 2016
and September 2016, and determined that the Helocyte Warrants met the criteria for liability classification. Accordingly, the Company
classified the Helocyte Warrants as a liability at their fair value and adjusts the instruments to fair value at each balance sheet
date until the warrants are exercised or expired. Any change in the fair value of the Helocyte Warrants is recognized as  change
in the fair value of warrant liabilities  in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Opus Credit Facility, with Detachable Warrants  

The Company accounts for the Opus Credit
Facility with detachable warrants in accordance with ASC 470,  Debt . The Company assessed the classification of its common
stock purchase warrants as of the date of the transaction and determined that such instruments meet the criteria for equity classification.
The warrants are reported on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of additional paid in capital within
stockholders  equity. 

The Company recorded the related issue
costs and value ascribed to the warrants as a debt discount of the Opus Credit Facility. The discount is amortized utilizing
the effective interest method over the term of the Opus Credit Facility. The unamortized discount, if any, upon repayment
of the Opus Credit Facility will be expensed to interest expense. In accordance with ASC Subtopic 470-20, the Company determined
the effective interest rate of the debt was 39.49%. The Company has also evaluated the Opus Credit Facility and warrants in accordance
with the provisions of ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging , including consideration of embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation
(see Note 11). 

Issuance of Debt and Equity  

The Company issues complex financial instruments
which include both equity and debt features. The Company analyzes each instrument under ASC 480,  Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity,  ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging  and, ASC 470,  Debt , in order to establish whether such instruments
include any embedded derivatives. 

Valuation of Warrants Related to NSC Note  

In accordance with ASC 815, the Company
classified the fair value of the warrants granted in connection with the NSC Note transferred to Avenue effective February 2015
(the  Contingently Issuable Warrants ) as a derivative liability. The Company valued these Contingently Issuable Warrants
using an option pricing model and used estimates for an expected dividend yield, a risk-free interest rate, and expected volatility
together with management s estimate of the probability of issuance of the Contingently Issuable Warrants (see Note 7 and
Note 11). At each reporting period, as long as the Contingently Issuable Warrants were potentially issuable and there was a potential
for an insufficient number of authorized shares available to settle the Contingently Issuable Warrants, these Contingently Issuable
Warrants will be revalued, and any difference from the previous valuation date would be recognized as a change in fair value of
derivative liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

11  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Recognizing Assets Acquired and Liabilities
Assumed in a Business Combination  

Acquired assets and assumed liabilities
are recognized in a business combination on the basis of their fair values at the date of acquisition. The Company assesses fair
value, which is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date, using a variety of methods including income approaches such as present value techniques
or cost approaches such as the estimation of current selling prices and replacement values. Fair value of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed, including intangible assets, are measured based on the assumptions and estimations with regards to the variable
factors such as the amount and timing of future cash flows for the asset or liability being measured, appropriate risk-adjusted
discount rates, nonperformance risk, or other factors that market participants would consider. Upon acquisition, the Company determines
the estimated economic lives of the acquired intangible assets for amortization purposes, which are based on the underlying expected
cash flows of such assets. 

Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Long
Lived Assets  

Goodwill represents the excess acquisition
cost over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized and is subject to annual
impairment testing on October 1st or between annual tests if an event or change in circumstance occurs that would more likely than
not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. In testing for goodwill impairment, the Company has the
option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances lead to a determination
that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If, after assessing the
totality of events and circumstances, the Company concludes that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting
unit is less than its carrying amount, then performing the two-step impairment test is not required. If the Company concludes otherwise,
it is required to perform the two-step impairment test. The goodwill impairment test is performed at the reporting unit level by
comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit with its respective carrying value. If the estimated fair value exceeds
the carrying value, goodwill at the reporting unit level is not impaired. If the estimated fair value is less than carrying value,
further analysis is necessary to determine the amount of impairment, if any, by comparing the implied fair value of the reporting
unit's goodwill to the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill. 

The fair value of reporting units is based
on widely accepted valuation techniques that the Company believes market participants would use, although the valuation process
requires significant judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The methodologies the Company
utilizes in estimating the fair value of reporting units include market valuation methods that incorporate price-to-earnings and
price-to-book multiples of comparable exchange traded companies and multiples of merger and acquisitions of similar businesses.
The estimates and assumptions used in determining fair value could have a significant effect on whether or not an impairment charge
is recorded and the magnitude of such a charge. Adverse market or economic events could result in impairment charges in future
periods. 

Intangible assets deemed to have finite
lives are amortized on a straight line basis over their estimated useful lives, where the useful life is the period over which
the asset is expected to contribute directly, or indirectly, to its future cash flows. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment
on an interim basis when certain events or circumstances exist. For amortizable intangible assets, impairment exists when the carrying
amount of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value. At least annually, the remaining useful life is evaluated. 

An intangible asset with an indefinite
useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances
occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. Impairment exists when the carrying
amount exceeds its fair value. In testing for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment
to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. If it is determined that it is not more likely than
not that an impairment exists, a quantitative impairment test is not necessary. If the Company concludes otherwise, it is required
to perform a quantitative impairment test. To the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis
of the asset that is amortized over the remaining useful life of that asset, if any. Subsequent reversal of impairment losses is
not permitted. 

Long-lived assets, primarily fixed assets,
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not
be recoverable. The Company will perform a periodic assessment of assets for impairment in the absence of such information or indicators.
Conditions that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset,
a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or a significant adverse change that would indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable. For long-lived assets to be held and used, the Company would
recognize an impairment loss only if its carrying amount is not recoverable through its undiscounted cash flows and measures the
impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying amount and estimated fair value. 

Deferred Financing Costs  

Financing costs incurred in connection
with the promissory note for $15.0 million in favor of Israel Discount Bank ( IDB ) and the note in favor of National
Securities Corporation s NSC Biotech Venture Fund I LLC (the  NSC Note ) are now recorded as a reduction of principal
balance due to ASU No. 2015-3 and are amortized over the appropriate expected life based on the term of the NSC Note using the
effective interest rate method. 

12  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company recognizes revenue for the
performance of services or the shipment of products when each of the following four criteria is met: (i) persuasive evidence of
an arrangement exists; (ii) products are delivered or services are rendered; (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable; and
(iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

Reimbursement Arrangements and Collaborative
Arrangements  

Checkpoint is reimbursed by TG Therapeutics,
Inc. ( TGTX ), a related party, for TGTX s share of the cost of the license and product research and development
under their collaboration and sublicense agreements. The gross amount of these reimbursed costs is reported as revenue in the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations, since the Company acts as a principal, bears credit risk and may perform part of the services
required in the transactions. Consistent with ASC 605-45,  Revenue Recognition - Principal Agent Considerations , these reimbursements
are treated as revenue by the Company. The actual expenses creating the reimbursements are reflected as expenses in the condensed
consolidated financial statements. 

The Company follows ASC 605-25,  Revenue
Recognition - Multiple-Element Arrangements  ( ASC 605-25 ) and ASC 808,  Collaborative Arrangements , if applicable,
to determine the recognition of revenue under its collaborative research agreements, options to enter into collaborative research
agreements and development and commercialization agreements. The terms of these agreements generally contain multiple elements,
or deliverables, which may include (i) grants of licenses, or options to obtain licenses, to the Company s intellectual property,
(ii) research and development services, (iii) drug product manufacturing, and/or (iv) participation on joint research and/or joint
development committees. The payments the Company may receive under these arrangements typically include one or more of the following:
non-refundable, up-front license fees; funding of research and/or development efforts; amounts due upon the achievement of specified
objectives; and/or royalties on future product sales. 

ASC 605-25 provides guidance relating to
the separability of deliverables included in an arrangement into different units of accounting and the allocation of arrangement
consideration to the units of accounting. The evaluation of multiple-element arrangements requires management to make judgments
about (i) the identification of deliverables, (ii) whether such deliverables are separable from the other aspects of the contractual
relationship, (iii) the estimated selling price of each deliverable, and (iv) the expected period of performance for each deliverable. 

To determine the units of accounting under
a multiple-element arrangement, management evaluates certain separation criteria, including whether the deliverables have stand-alone
value, based on the relevant facts and circumstances for each arrangement. Management then estimates the selling price for each
unit of accounting and allocates the arrangement consideration to each unit utilizing the relative selling price method. The allocated
consideration for each unit of accounting is recognized over the related obligation period in accordance with the applicable revenue
recognition criteria. 

If there are deliverables in an arrangement
that are not separable from other aspects of the contractual relationship, they are treated as a combined unit of accounting, with
the allocated revenue for the combined unit recognized in a manner consistent with the revenue recognition applicable to the final
deliverable in the combined unit. Payments received prior to satisfying the relevant revenue recognition criteria are recorded
as deferred revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and recognized as revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations when the related revenue recognition criteria are met. 

Revenue Recognition - Milestone Method  

The Company follows ASC 605-28,  Revenue
Recognition-Milestone Method  to evaluate whether each milestone under a license agreement is substantive. This evaluation includes
an assessment of whether (i) the consideration is commensurate with either (a) the entity's performance to achieve the
milestone, or (b) the enhancement of the value of the delivered item as a result of a specific outcome resulting from the
entity's performance to achieve the milestone, (ii) the consideration relates solely to past performance and (iii) the
consideration is reasonable relative to all of the deliverables and payment terms within the arrangement. In making this assessment
the Company evaluates factors such as the preclinical, clinical, regulatory, commercial and other risks that must be overcome to
achieve the respective milestone, the level of effort and investment required and whether the milestone consideration is reasonable
relative to all deliverables and payment terms in the arrangement in making this assessment. If a substantive milestone is achieved,
the Company would recognize revenue related to the milestone in its entirety in the period in which the milestone was achieved,
assuming all other revenue recognition criteria were met.  Commercial milestones would be accounted for as royalties and recorded
as revenue upon achievement of the milestone, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria were met. 

13  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

JMC Product Revenue  

JMC sells its products directly to wholesalers
and specialty pharmacies. JMC recognizes product sales revenue when delivery has occurred, collectability is reasonably assured,
and the price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, (in accordance with the specific contractual terms). Delivery occurs when
title has transferred to the customer, and the customer has assumed the risks and rewards of ownership. Revenue from product sales
is recognized net of provisions for estimated cash discounts, allowances, returns, rebates, chargebacks and distribution fees paid
to certain of JMC s wholesale customers. JMC establishes these provisions concurrently with the recognition of product sales
revenue. JMC offers cash discounts for prompt payment and allowances are recorded at the time of sale. 

JMC allows customers to return product
within a specified period of time before and after its expiration date. Provisions for returns are estimated based on historical
levels for like products from external data sources, taking into account additional available information such as historical return
and exchange levels, and inventory levels in the wholesale distribution channel through its partners. Although the company has
limited history with these product sales, the Company believes based on its current level of sales that it can make reasonable
estimates of returns based upon external data sources. JMC reviews its methodology and adequacy of the provision for returns on
a quarterly basis, adjusting for changes in assumptions, historical internal and external results and business practices, as necessary. 

JMC s co-promotion revenue for Dermasorb
HC is based upon prescription volume over an established baseline. 

Research and Development  

Research and development costs are expensed
as incurred. Advance payments for goods and services that will be used in future research and development activities are expensed
when the activity has been performed or when the goods have been received rather than when the payment is made. Upfront and milestone
payments due to third parties that perform research and development services on the Company s behalf will be expensed as
services are rendered or when the milestone is achieved. 

Research and development costs primarily
consist of personnel related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel, and other related expenses, stock-based compensation,
payments made to third parties for license and milestone costs related to in-licensed products and technology, payments made to
third party contract research organizations for preclinical and clinical studies, investigative sites for clinical trials, consultants,
the cost of acquiring and manufacturing clinical trial materials, and costs associated with regulatory filings, laboratory costs
and other supplies. 

In accordance with ASC 730-10-25-1, 
Research and Development , costs incurred in obtaining technology licenses are charged to research and development expense if
the technology licensed has not reached commercial feasibility and has no alternative future use. Certain licenses purchased by
the Company require substantial completion of research and development and regulatory and marketing approval efforts in order to
reach commercial feasibility and have no alternative future use. 

Contingencies  

The Company records accruals for contingencies
and legal proceedings expected to be incurred in connection with a loss contingency when it is probable that a liability has been
incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. 

If a loss contingency is not probable but
is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate
of the range of possible loss if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company expenses stock-based compensation
to employees over the requisite service period based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the awards and forfeiture rates.
For stock-based compensation awards to non-employees, the Company remeasures the fair value of the non-employee awards at each
reporting period prior to vesting and finally at the vesting date of the award. Changes in the estimated fair value of these non-employee
awards are recognized as compensation expense in the period of change. 

The Company estimates the fair value of
stock option grants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model or 409A valuations, as applicable. The assumptions used in calculating
the fair value of stock-based awards represent management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application
of management s judgment. 

14  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Income Taxes  

The Company records income taxes using
the asset and liability method. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects attributable
to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
income tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The Company establishes a valuation allowance if management
believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be recovered based on an evaluation of objective verifiable
evidence. For tax positions that are more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the Company recognizes the largest amount
of the benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. For tax positions that are not more likely than not of being
sustained upon audit, the Company does not recognize any portion of the benefit. 

Non-Controlling Interests  

Non-controlling interests in consolidated
entities represent the component of equity in consolidated entities held by third parties. Any change in ownership of a subsidiary
while the controlling financial interest is retained is accounted for as an equity transaction between the controlling and non-controlling
interests (see Note 13). 

Comprehensive Loss  

The Company s comprehensive loss
is equal to its net loss for all periods presented. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In January 2016, FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Liabilities . ASU No. 2016-01 requires several targeted changes including that equity investments (except
those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) be measured at
fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The new guidance also changes certain disclosure requirements and
other aspects of current U.S. GAAP. Amendments are to be applied as a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as
of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is not permitted with the exception of certain targeted provisions.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-01 on the condensed consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  ( ASU No. 2016-02 ). ASU No. 2016-02 requires an entity to recognize right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Lessees and lessors
are required to disclose qualitative and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial
statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. ASU No. 2016-02 is effective for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-02 on the condensed consolidated financial statements
and related disclosures. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-08,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations  ( ASU No. 2016-08 ).
The purpose of ASU No. 2016-08 is to clarify the implementation of guidance on principal versus agent considerations. The amendments
in ASU No. 2016-08 are effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-08 on the condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting   ( ASU No. 2016-09 ) . Under ASU No. 2016-09, companies will
no longer record excess tax benefits and certain tax deficiencies in additional paid-in capital ( APIC ). Instead,
they will record all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement and the
APIC pools will be eliminated. In addition, ASU No. 2016-09 eliminates the requirement that excess tax benefits be realized before
companies can recognize them. ASU No. 2016-09 also requires companies to present excess tax benefits as an operating activity
on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. Furthermore, ASU No. 2016-09 will increase the amount an employer
can withhold to cover income taxes on awards and still qualify for the exception to liability classification for shares used to
satisfy the employer s statutory income tax withholding obligation. An employer with a statutory income tax withholding
obligation will now be allowed to withhold shares with a fair value up to the amount of taxes owed using the maximum statutory
tax rate in the employee s applicable jurisdiction(s). ASU No. 2016-09 requires a company to classify the cash paid to a
tax authority when shares are withheld to satisfy its statutory income tax withholding obligation as a financing activity on the
statement of cash flows. Under current GAAP, it was not specified how these cash flows should be classified. In addition, companies
will now have to elect whether to account for forfeitures on share-based payments by (1) recognizing forfeitures of awards as
they occur or (2) estimating the number of awards expected to be forfeited and adjusting the estimate when it is likely to change,
as is currently required. These aspects of ASU No. 2016-09 are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
with early adoption permitted provided that all of the guidance is adopted in the same period. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact of ASU No. 2016-09 on the condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

15  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customer   ( ASU No. 2016-10 ) . The
new guidance is an update to ASC 606 and provides clarity on identifying performance obligations and licensing implementation.
For public companies, ASU No. 2016-10 is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning
after December 15, 2016. The Company does not expect ASU No. 2016-10 to have a material effect on the condensed consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, 
Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  ( ASU No. 2016-13 ).
ASU No. 2016-13 requires that expected credit losses relating to financial assets be measured on an amortized cost basis and that
available-for-sale debt securities be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. ASU No. 2016-13 limits the amount of credit
losses to be recognized for available-for-sale debt securities to the amount by which carrying value exceeds fair value and also
requires the reversal of previously recognized credit losses if fair value increases. The new standard will be effective on January
1, 2020. Early adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 will be available on January 1, 2019. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
that ASU No. 2016-13 will have on its condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and
Cash Payments,  which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in
practice in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The standard
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this
new pronouncement on its condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.  

Additional Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
- National   

Principals of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of National and its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Revenue Recognition  

Commission revenue represents commissions
generated by National's financial advisors for their clients' purchases and sales of mutual funds, variable annuities, general
securities and other financial products, most of which is paid to the advisors as commissions for initiating the transactions. 

Commission revenue is generated from front-end
sales commissions that occur at the point of sale, as well as trailing commissions. National recognizes front-end sales commission
revenue and related clearing and other expenses on transactions introduced to its clearing brokers on a trade date basis. National
also recognizes front-end sales commissions and related expenses on transactions initiated directly between the financial advisors
and product sponsors upon receipt of notification from sponsors of the commission earned. Commission revenue also includes 12b-1
fees, and variable product trailing fees, collectively considered as trailing fees, which are recurring in nature. These trailing
fees are earned by National based on a percentage of the current market value of clients' investment holdings in trail eligible
assets. Because trail commission revenues are generally paid in arrears, management estimates commission revenues earned during
each period. These estimates are based on a number of factors including investment holdings and the applicable commission rate
and the amount of trail commission revenue received in prior periods. Estimates are subsequently adjusted to actual based on notification
from the sponsors of trail commissions earned. 

Net dealer inventory gains, which are recorded
on a trade-date basis, include realized and unrealized net gains and losses resulting from the National's principal trading activities. 

Investment banking revenues consist of
underwriting revenues, advisory revenues and private placement fees. Underwriting revenues arise from securities offerings in which
National acts as an underwriter and include management fees, selling concessions and underwriting fees, net of related syndicate
expenses. Underwriting revenues are recorded at the time the underwriting is completed and the income is reasonably determined.
Management estimates National's share of the transaction-related expenses incurred by the syndicate, and recognizes revenues net
of such expense. On final settlement, typically within 90 days from the trade date of the transaction, these amounts are adjusted
to reflect the actual transaction-related expenses and the resulting underwriting fee. 

16  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Investment advisory fees are derived from
account management and investment advisory services. These fees are determined based on a percentage of the customers  assets
under management, may be billed monthly or quarterly and are recognized as earned. 

Interest is recorded on an accrual basis
and dividends are recorded on the ex-dividend date. 

Transfer fees and fees for clearing services,
which are recorded on a trade date basis, are principally charged to the broker on customer security transactions. 

Tax preparation and accounting fees are
recognized upon completion of the services. 

Securities  

Securities owned and securities sold, but
not yet purchased, are recorded at fair value. Authoritative accounting guidance defines fair value, establishes a framework for
measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques. Fair value is
the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs
in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market. See
Note 7 for fair value and classification of securities. 

Deferred Clearing and Marketing Credits  

Deferred clearing credit represents a clearing
fee rebate from National Financial Services ( NFS ), one of National s clearing brokers, which is being recognized
pro rata as a reduction of clearing charges over the term of the clearing agreement which expires in 2022. At September 9,
2016, the deferred credit amounted to $687,000. 

Deferred marketing credit represents a
marketing rebate from NFS, which is being recognized pro rata as a reduction of marketing expenses over the term of the clearing
agreement which expires in 2022. At September 9, 2016, the deferred credit amounted to $321,000. 

Reimbursement of Expenses  

National incurs certain costs on behalf
of its financial advisors including those for insurance, professional registration, technology and information services and legal
services, amongst others, which are charged back to the advisors. It is National s policy to record the reimbursement as
a reduction of the respective operating expense. 

Legal Reserves  

In the normal course of business, National
has been named, from time to time, as a defendant in legal and regulatory proceedings. National is also involved, from time to
time, in other exams, investigations and similar reviews (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies
regarding its businesses, certain of which may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other injunctions. 

National recognizes a liability for a contingency
in accrued expenses and other liabilities when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be
reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a probable loss is a range, the Company accrues the most likely amount of such
loss, and if such amount is not determinable, then the Company accrues the minimum in the range as the loss accrual. The determination
of the outcome and loss estimates requires significant judgment on the part of management. National believes that any other matters
for which it has determined a loss to be probable and reasonably estimable are not material to the condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

In many instances, it is not possible
to determine whether any loss is probable or even possible or to estimate the amount of any loss or the size of any range of loss.
National believes that, in the aggregate, the pending legal actions or regulatory proceedings and any other exams, investigations
or similar reviews (both formal and informal) should not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations,
cash flows or financial condition. In addition, National believes that any amount that could be reasonably estimated of potential
loss or range of potential loss in excess of what has been provided in the condensed consolidated financial statements is not
material. 

17  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

3. National Holdings Corporation  

On April 27, 2016, the Company entered
into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with National and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, providing for the acquisition
of National (the  Merger Agreement ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the
conditions described therein, the Company agreed to cause its wholly owned subsidiary to commence a tender offer for all the issued
and outstanding shares of National s common stock, par value $0.02 per share, at a purchase price of $3.25 per share (the
 Offer ). Upon expiration of the Offer on September 9, 2016 (and the subsequent settlement period), a total of approximately
7 million shares were validly tendered, representing approximately 56% of the outstanding shares of National on a fully-diluted
basis. The aggregate consideration paid by Fortress in the Offer was approximately $22.9 million, without giving effect to related
transaction fees and expenses. Fortress funded the payment with cash on hand. 

The following table summarizes the preliminary fair value of
assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the acquisition: 

The estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed will be finalized as further information is received regarding these items and analysis of this information is completed.
The Company preliminarily recognized $21.7 million of goodwill and does not expect goodwill be deductible for tax purposes. 

National's results of operations have not
been included in the consolidated financial statements prospectively from the date of acquisition, because we have elected to record
National s financial results in operations under a three month lag. The following unaudited pro forma financial data assumes
the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of January 1, 2015. Pro forma results have been prepared by adjusting its historical
results to include National's results of operations. The unaudited pro forma results presented do not necessarily reflect the results
of operations that would have resulted had the acquisition been completed at the beginning of January 1, 2015, nor does it indicate
the results of operations in future periods. Additionally, the unaudited pro forma results do not include the impact of possible
business model changes, nor do they consider any potential impacts of current market conditions or revenues, reduction of expenses,
asset dispositions, or other factors. The impact of these items could alter the following pro forma results: 

18  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

4. Broker-Dealers and Clearing Organizations and Other Receivables  

At September 9, 2016, the receivables
of $1.6 million from broker-dealers and clearing organizations represent net amounts due for commissions and fees associated with
National s retail brokerage business as well as asset based fee revenue associated with National s asset management
advisory business. Accounts receivables at September 9, 2016 includes $1.8 million of forgivable loan receivables and $3.1
million of other receivables, which principally represent trailing commissions, tax and accounting fees and investment banking
fees and are net of an allowance for uncollectable accounts of $782,000. 

5. Forgivable Loans Receivable  

From time to time, National's operating
subsidiaries may make loans, evidenced by promissory notes, primarily to newly recruited independent financial advisors as an incentive
for their affiliation. The notes receivable balance is comprised of unsecured non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing loans (interest
rates ranging up to 9%). These notes have various schedules for repayment or forgiveness based on production or retention requirements
being met and mature at various dates through 2020. Forgiveness of loans amounted to $1.8 million as of September 9, 2016, and
the related compensation was included in commissions, compensation and fees in the condensed consolidated statements of operations.
In the event the advisor s affiliation with the subsidiary terminates, the advisor is required to repay the unamortized balance
of any notes payable. 

National provides an allowance for doubtful
accounts on the notes based on historical collection experience and continually evaluates the receivables for collectability and
possible write-offs where a loss is deemed probable. As of September 9, 2016, no allowance for doubtful accounts was required. 

There were no unamortized loans outstanding
attributable to registered representatives who ended their affiliation with the National broker dealer subsidiaries prior to the
fulfillment of their obligation. 

19  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

6. Property and Equipment  

Fortress's property and equipment, exclusive
of National's property and equipment consisted of the following: 

(1) For build-out of the Company's new office in New York, NY. 

Fortress's depreciation expense for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $154,000 and $6,000, respectively, and was recorded in both research
and development expense and general and administrative expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Fortress's depreciation expense for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $240,000 and $17,000, respectively, and was recorded in both research
and development expense and general and administrative expense in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

National s preliminary property and equipment, at fair
value as of September 9, 2016 consisted of the following: 

7. Fair Value Measurements  

Certain of the Company s financial
instruments are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis but are recorded at amounts that approximate their fair value due
to their liquid or short-term nature, such as accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 

Laser Device for Treatment of Migraine
Headache  

On March 17, 2014, the Company invested
$250,000 for a 35% ownership position in a third-party company developing a laser device to treat migraine headaches. The Company
elected the fair value option for recording this investment. In conjunction with this investment, the Company received 13,409,962
Class A Preferred Units in the third-party company, representing 83% of the total 16,091,954 Class A Preferred Units. The fair
value of this investment was $250,000 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The value of the Company s investment
was determined based on a valuation which takes into consideration, when applicable, cash paid, cost of the investment, market
participant inputs, estimated cash flows based on entity specific criteria, purchase multiples paid in other comparable third-party
transactions, market conditions, liquidity, operating results and other qualitative and quantitative factors. Based on these inputs
at September 30, 2016, the fair value of the Company s investment approximated cost. 

20  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Origo Acquisition Corporation (formerly
CB Pharma Acquisition Corporation)  

On June 10, 2016 CB Pharma Acquisition
Corp ( CB Pharma ) held an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders (the  Meeting ). At the Meeting,
the shareholders approved each of the following items: (i) an amendment to the CB Pharma s Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association (the  Charter ) to extend the date by which CB Pharma has to consummate a business combination
from June 12, 2016 to December 12, 2016 (the  Extension ), (ii) an amendment to the Charter to allow the holders of
the CB Pharma s ordinary shares issued in the their initial public offering to elect to convert their shares into their pro
rata portion of the funds held in trust, if the Extension is approved, and (iii) the change of CB Pharma s name from  CB
Pharma Acquisition Corp.  to  Origo Acquisition Corporation  ( Origo ). In connection with the Meeting,
the Company transferred 1,050,000 of its CB Pharma ordinary shares to Origo. The Company retained ownership of 265,000 Origo shares. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company valued
its investment in Origo, a publicly traded company, utilizing the following assumptions: probability of a successful business combination
of 31.89%, and no dividend rate, which yielded an underlying value of $5.04 per ordinary share for the private placement shares.
The rights and warrants were valued utilizing a binomial-lattice model which assumes a volatility of 25.6%, a risk free rate of
return of 1.14% and a strike price of $11.50 per share arriving at a value of $0.50 for each right and $0.13 for a warrant. A 31.89%
probability of a successful business combination was applied to the values above arriving at an estimated value of $1.61 for the
private placement shares, $0.16 for each right and $0.04 for each warrant. Based upon the valuation, the Company recorded a decrease
in fair-value of investment of $1.8 million of which $25,000 represents a realized loss on the investment of the ordinary shares
and the remaining $1.775 million was recorded as an unrealized loss. At September 30, 2016, the fair value of the Company s
investment in Origo was, $0.4 million. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, Origo had net assets of approximately $31.7 million.
The Company s working capital note of $0.3 million can be converted to stock upon a successful business combination. 

NSC Contingently Issuable Warrant  

Pursuant to the Amended NSC Note (see Note
11), if a Fortress Company has the proceeds of the NSC Note transferred to it, such Fortress Company will issue a note to NSC and
NSC will also receive a warrant to purchase a number of shares of the Fortress Company s stock equal to 25% of the outstanding
Fortress Company note divided by the lowest price for which the Fortress Company sells its equity in its first third party financing.
The warrants issued will have a term of 10 years and an exercise price equal to the par value of the Fortress Company s common
stock and are accounted for in accordance with ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging.  

Avenue classified the fair value of the
Contingently Issuable Warrants that may have been granted in connection with Avenue s $3.0 million of their NSC Note transferred
from Fortress to Avenue on October 31, 2015 (issuance date) and September 30, 2016 as a derivative liability as there was a potential
that Avenue would not have a sufficient number of authorized common shares available to settle these instruments. 

Mustang classified the fair value of the
Contingently Issuable Warrants that may have been granted in connection with Mustang s $3.6 million of their NSC Note transferred
from Fortress to Mustang on July 5, 2016 (issuance date) and September 30, 2016 as a derivative liability as there was a potential
that Mustang would not have a sufficient number of authorized common shares available to settle these instruments. 

The fair value of Avenue s and Mustang s
Contingently Issuable Warrants was determined by applying management s estimate of the probability of issuance of the Contingently
Issuable Warrants together with an option pricing model, with the following key assumptions: 

21  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Helocyte Warrant Liabilities  

The fair value of Helocyte s warrant
liability was measured at fair value using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation methodology. A summary of the weighted average (in
aggregate) significant unobservable inputs (level 3 inputs) used in measuring the Company s warrant liabilities that are
categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

Convertible Notes at Fair Value  

Helocyte s convertible debt is measured
at fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation valuation methodology. At September 30, 2016, the fair value equaled the proceeds
received. A summary of the weighted average (in aggregate) significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs) used in measuring the
convertible debt that is categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 is as follows: 

The following tables classify into the
fair value hierarchy financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Certain positions in common stock were received as compensation
for investment banking services. Restricted common stock may be freely traded only upon the effectiveness of a registration statement
covering them or upon the satisfaction of the requirements of Rule 144, including the requisite holding period. 

22  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The table below provides a rollforward
of the changes in fair value of Level 3 financial instruments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no transfers
occurred between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 instruments. 

8. Licenses Acquired  

In accordance with ASC 730-10-25-1, 
Research and Development , costs incurred in obtaining technology licenses are charged to research and development expense if
the technology licensed has not reached technological feasibility and has no alternative future use. The licenses purchased by
Avenue, Mustang, Checkpoint, Coronado SO, Helocyte and Escala require substantial completion of research and development, as well
as regulatory and marketing approval efforts in order to reach technological feasibility. As such, the purchase prices of those
licenses were classified as research and development-licenses acquired in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company s research and development-licenses acquired
comprise of the following: 

23  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Avenue Therapeutics, Inc.  

License Agreement with Revogenex Ireland
Ltd  

In February 2015, the Company purchased
an exclusive license to IV Tramadol for the U.S. market from Revogenex, a privately held company in Dublin, Ireland. Fortress made
an upfront payment of $2.0 million to Revogenex upon execution of the exclusive license, which has been included in  research
and development-licenses acquired  on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, on June 17, 2015, the
Company paid an additional $1.0 million to Revogenex after receiving all the assets specified in the agreement. Under the terms
of the agreement, Revogenex is eligible to receive additional milestone payments upon the achievement of certain development milestones,
in addition to royalty payments for sales of the product. Tramadol is a centrally acting synthetic opioid analgesic for moderate
to moderately severe pain and is available as immediate release or extended-release tablets in the United States. 

The Company transferred the Revogenex license
and all other rights and obligations of Fortress under the License Agreement to Avenue pursuant to the Avenue Founders Agreement
effective as of February 17, 2015. Per the terms of the agreement, Avenue assumed $3.0 million in debt (see Note 11). 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Avenue completed
a pharmacokinetics or PK study for IV Tramadol in healthy volunteers and completed an End-of-Phase 2 (EOP) meeting with the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration (the  FDA ). 

Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.  

License Agreement with Dana-Farber Cancer
Institute  

In March 2015, Checkpoint entered into
an exclusive license agreement with Dana-Farber Cancer Institute ( Dana-Farber ) to develop a portfolio of fully human
immuno-oncology targeted antibodies. The portfolio of antibodies licensed from Dana-Farber includes antibodies targeting PD-L1,
GITR and CAIX. Under the terms of the agreement, Checkpoint paid Dana-Farber an up-front licensing fee of $1.0 million in 2015
and, on May 11, 2015, granted Dana-Farber 500,000 shares of Checkpoint common stock, valued at $32,500 or $0.065 per share. The
agreement included an anti-dilution clause that maintained Dana-Farber s ownership at 5% until such time that Checkpoint
raised $10 million in cash in exchange for common shares. Pursuant to this provision, on September 30, 2015, Checkpoint granted
to Dana-Farber an additional 136,830 shares of common stock valued at approximately $0.6 million and the anti-dilution clause thereafter
expired. Dana-Farber is eligible to receive payments of up to an aggregate of approximately $21.5 million for each licensed product
upon Checkpoint s successful achievement of certain clinical development, regulatory and first commercial sale milestones.
In addition, Dana-Farber is eligible to receive up to an aggregate of $60.0 million upon Checkpoint s successful achievement
of certain sales milestones based on aggregate net sales, in addition to royalty payments based on a tiered low to mid-single digit
percentage of net sales. Following the second anniversary of the effective date of the Dana-Farber license agreement, Dana-Farber
will receive an annual license maintenance fee, which is creditable against milestone payments or royalties due to Dana-Farber.
Checkpoint expects clinical trials related to the Dana-Farber licensed antibodies to start in 2017. 

In connection with the license agreement
with Dana-Farber, Checkpoint entered into a collaboration agreement with TGTX, a related party, to develop and commercialize the
Anti-PD-L1 and Anti-GITR antibody research programs in the field of hematological malignancies, while Checkpoint retains the right
to develop and commercialize these antibodies in the field of solid tumors. Michael Weiss, Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Checkpoint and the Company s Executive Vice Chairman, Strategic Development, is also the Executive Chairman, Interim President
and Chief Executive Officer and a stockholder of TGTX. Under the terms of the agreement, TGTX paid Checkpoint $0.5 million, representing
a reimbursement for their share of the licensing fee, and Checkpoint is eligible to receive substantive potential milestone payments
up to an aggregate of approximately $21.5 million for each product upon TGTX s successful achievement of certain clinical
development, regulatory and first commercial sale milestones. Checkpoint s potential milestone payments are comprised of
up to approximately $7.0 million upon TGTX s successful completion of clinical development milestones, and up to approximately
$14.5 million upon first commercial sales in specified territories. In addition, Checkpoint is eligible to receive up to an aggregate
of $60.0 million upon TGTX s successful achievement of certain sales milestones based on aggregate net sales, in addition
to royalty payments based on a tiered high single digit percentage of net sales. Following the second anniversary of the effective
date of the agreement, Checkpoint will receive an annual license maintenance fee, which is creditable against milestone payments
or royalties due to Checkpoint. The Company recognized $0 and $25,000, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, and $20,000 and $0.5 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, in revenue from its
collaboration agreement with TGTX on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

24  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

NeuPharma, Inc.  

In March, 2015, the Company entered into
an exclusive license agreement with NeuPharma, Inc. ( NeuPharma ) to develop and commercialize novel irreversible,
3rd generation epidermal growth factor receptor ( EGFR ) inhibitors including CK-101, on a worldwide basis (other than
certain Asian countries). On the same date, the Company assigned all of its right and interest in the EGFR inhibitors to Checkpoint.
Under the terms of the agreement, Checkpoint paid NeuPharma an up-front licensing fee of $1.0 million in 2015, and NeuPharma is
eligible to receive payments of up to an aggregate of approximately $40.0 million per licensed product upon Checkpoint s
successful achievement of certain clinical development and regulatory milestones in up to three indications, of which $22.5 million
are due upon various regulatory approvals to commercialize the products. In addition, NeuPharma is eligible to receive payments
of up to an aggregate of $40.0 million upon Checkpoint s successful achievement of certain sales milestones based on aggregate
net sales, in addition to royalty payments based on a tiered mid to high-single digit percentage of net sales. In July 2016, Checkpoint
submitted an IND application to the FDA for its EGFR inhibitor, which was accepted in August 2016, and in September 2016, Checkpoint
dosed the first patient in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial. 

In connection with the license agreement
with NeuPharma, in March 2015, the Company entered into an option agreement with TGTX, a related party, which agreement was assigned
to Checkpoint on the same date, for a global collaboration for the future development of certain licensed compounds in the field
of hematological malignancies. The option was extended on July 8, 2016 for an additional 176 days, to December 31, 2016. 

Also in connection with the license agreement
with NeuPharma, Checkpoint entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement with NeuPharma for certain research and development activities.
Effective January 11, 2016, TGTX, a related party, agreed to assume all costs associated with this agreement and reimbursed Checkpoint
for costs previously paid by Checkpoint. The Company recognized approximately $251,000 and $732,000 in revenue related to this
agreement for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. There was no related revenue recognized during
the same period of 2015. 

Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
(through its subsidiary, Cephalon, Inc.)  

In December 2015, the Company entered into
a license agreement with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. through its subsidiary, Cephalon, Inc. ( Cephalon ), which
agreement was assigned to Checkpoint by the Company on the same date. Under the terms of the license agreement, Checkpoint obtained
an exclusive, worldwide license to Cephalon s patents relating to CEP-8983 and its small molecule prodrug, CEP-9722, a PARP
inhibitor, which Checkpoint now refers to as CK-102. Checkpoint paid Cephalon an up-front licensing fee of $0.5 million in 2015.
Cephalon is eligible to receive milestone payments of up to an aggregate of approximately $220.0 million upon Checkpoint s
successful achievement of certain clinical development, regulatory approval and product sales milestones, of which approximately
$206.5 million are due on or following regulatory approvals to commercialize the product. In addition, Cephalon is eligible to
receive royalty payments based on a tiered low double digit percentage of net sales. Checkpoint is currently developing a clinical
program for its PARP inhibitor, which it expects to commence in 2017. 

Jubilant Biosys Limited  

In May 2016, Checkpoint entered into a
License Agreement with Jubilant Biosys Limited ( Jubilant ), whereby Checkpoint obtained an exclusive, worldwide license
(the  Jubilant License ) to Jubilant s family of patents covering compounds that inhibit BRD4, a member of the
BET domain for cancer treatment, which Checkpoint refers to as CK-103. Under the terms of the Jubilant License, Checkpoint paid
Jubilant an up-front licensing fee of $2.0 million, and Jubilant is eligible to receive payments up to an aggregate of approximately
$89.0 million upon Checkpoint s successful achievement of certain preclinical, clinical development, and regulatory milestones,
of which $59.5 million are due upon various regulatory approvals to commercialize the products. In addition, Jubilant is eligible
to receive payments up to an aggregate of $89.0 million upon Checkpoint s successful achievement of certain sales milestones
based on aggregate net sales, in addition to royalty payments based on a tiered low to mid-single digit percentage of net sales. Checkpoint
plans to submit an IND application for its BET inhibitor in 2017. The purchase price of $2.0 million for the license was classified
as  research and development-licenses acquired  in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations during the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

25  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

In connection with the Jubilant License,
Checkpoint entered into a sublicense agreement with TGTX (the  Sublicense Agreement ), a related party, to develop
and commercialize the compounds licensed in the field of hematological malignancies, with Checkpoint retaining the right to develop
and commercialize these compounds in the field of solid tumors. Michael Weiss, Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of
Checkpoint and the Company s Executive Vice Chairman, Strategic Development, is also the Executive Chairman, Interim President
and Chief Executive Officer and a stockholder of TGTX. Under the terms of the Sublicense Agreement, TGTX paid Checkpoint $1.0 million,
representing a reimbursement for their share of the licensing fee, recorded as collaboration revenue   related party and
Checkpoint is eligible to receive substantive potential milestone payments up to an aggregate of approximately $87.5 million upon
TGTX s successful achievement of preclinical, clinical development, and regulatory milestones. Such potential milestone payments
may approximate $0.3 million upon TGTX s successful achievement of one preclinical milestone, up to approximately $25.5 million
upon TGTX s successful completion of three clinical development milestones for two licensed products, and up to approximately
$61.7 million upon the achievement of five regulatory approvals and first commercial sales in specified territories for two licensed
products. In addition, Checkpoint is eligible to receive potential milestone payments up to an aggregate of $89.0 million upon
TGTX s successful achievement of three sales milestones based on aggregate net sales by TGTX, for two licensed products,
in addition to royalty payments based on a mid-single digit percentage of net sales by TGTX. TGTX also reimburses Checkpoint
for 50% of IND enabling costs and patent expenses. The Company recognized $0.3 million and $1.3 million in revenue related to this
arrangement during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. There was no related revenue recognized during the same
periods of 2015. 

Coronado SO Company  

License Agreement  

In February 2015, Coronado SO entered into
an exclusive license agreement with a third party for a topical product used in the treatment of hand-foot syndrome, a common painful
side effect of chemotherapeutics. Coronado SO paid $0.9 million upfront, included in research and development-licenses acquired
on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and issued a stock grant of 150,000 shares of Coronado SO common stock to
such third party. In October 2015, Coronado SO paid an additional $0.5 million, which is included in research and development-licenses
acquired on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. Four milestones totaling $10.7 million are due upon the achievement
of certain development goals, three milestones totaling $26.2 million are due upon certain net sales milestones and a single digit
royalty on net sales is due for the term of the contract. 

The Company valued the stock grant to the
third party utilizing a discounted cash flow model to determine the weighted market value of invested capital, discounted by a
lack of marketability of 44.8% and a weighted average cost of capital of 30%, and net of debt utilized, resulting in a value of
$1.19 per share or $0.2 million recorded as part of licenses acquired. 

Helocyte, Inc.  

License Agreement with the City of Hope  

In March 2016, Helocyte entered into amended
and restated license agreements for each of its PepVax and Triplex immunotherapies programs with its licensor City of Hope National
Medical Center ( COH ). The amended and restated licenses expand the intellectual property and other rights granted
to Helocyte by COH in the original license agreement. The financial terms of the original license have not been modified, and if
Helocyte successfully develops and commercializes PepVax and Triplex, COH will receive milestones, royalties and other payments. 

Helocyte entered into the original license
agreement with COH on March 31, 2015, to secure: (i) an exclusive worldwide license for two immunotherapies for CMV control in
the post-transplant setting (known as Triplex and PepVax); and (ii) an option for an exclusive worldwide license to an immunotherapy
for the prevention of congenital CMV (known as Pentamer). In consideration for the license and option, Helocyte made an upfront
payment of $155,000. On April 28, 2015, Helocyte exercised the option and secured exclusive worldwide rights to Pentamer from COH
for an upfront payment of $50,000. If Helocyte successfully develops PepVax, COH could receive, up to $1.5 million for the achievement
of three developmental milestones, $13.0 million for three sales milestones, single digit royalties based on net sales reduced
by certain factors and a minimum annual royalty of $0.2 million per year related to marketing approval. If Helocyte successfully
develops and commercializes Triplex, COH could receive up to $9.0 million for the achievement of three developmental milestones,
$26.0 million for four sales milestones, single digit royalties based on net sales reduced by certain factors and a minimum annual
royalty of $0.75 million per year following a first marketing approval. If Helocyte successfully develops and commercializes Pentamer,
COH could receive up to $5.5 million for the achievement of four development milestones, $26.0 million for three sales milestones,
single digit royalties based on net sales reduced by certain factors and a minimum annual royalty of $0.75 million per year following
a first marketing approval. In 2015, Triplex and PepVax both entered Phase 2 clinical studies. The programs are supported by grants
awarded to COH by the National Cancer Institute. 

26  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

As further consideration for the licenses,
in March and May 2016, Helocyte granted COH 500,000 shares and 8,333 shares of Helocyte Class A common stock, respectively. The
Company valued the stock grants to the COH utilizing a discounted cash flow model to determine the weighted market value of invested
capital, discounted by a lack of marketability of 44.5% and a weighted average cost of capital of 30%, net of debt utilized resulting
in a value of $0.097 per share or $48,500 recorded as part of the license fee acquired. 

License Option  

In February 2016, Helocyte entered into
an option agreement for $35,000 with a third party, to acquire the exclusive rights to license certain intellectual property and
clinical data for certain cell therapies. The option expires on October 1, 2016. The Company recorded a charge of $35,000 to research
and development-licenses acquired for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. No fee was recorded for the three months ended
September 30, 2016. 

Mustang Bio, Inc.  

License Agreement with the City of Hope  

In March 2015, Mustang entered into an
exclusive license agreement with COH to acquire intellectual property rights pertaining to CAR T. Pursuant to the agreement, Mustang
paid COH an upfront fee of $2.0 million in April 2015 (included in  research and development-licenses acquired expenses  on
the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations), and granted 1.0 million shares of Mustang s Class A Common Stock, representing
10% ownership of Mustang. Additional payments totaling $2.0 million are due upon the completion of two financial milestones, and
payments totaling $14.5 million are due upon the completion of six development goals. Future mid-single digit royalty payments
are due on net sales of licensed products, with a minimum annual royalty of $1.0 million. 

The Company valued the stock grant to COH
utilizing a discounted cash flow model to determine the weighted market value of invested capital, discounted by a lack of marketability
of 44.8%, weighted average cost of capital of 30%, and net of debt utilized, resulting in a value of $0.147 per share or $0.1 million
on March 31, 2015. 

Escala Therapeutics, Inc.  

On July 16, 2015, Escala acquired from
New Zealand Pharmaceuticals Limited ( NZP ) a license from the National Institute of Health ( NIH ) and
cooperative research and development agreements for the development of oral ManNAc, a key compound in the sialic biosynthetic pathway,
for the treatment of hyposialylation disorders, including GNE myopathy and various forms of nephropathy. As part of this agreement,
Escala provided NZP and NIH an upfront payment of approximately $1.3 million comprised of an upfront milestone payment of $0.7
million to NZP and reimbursement of $0.6 million of development costs for Phase II Myopathy and Phase I Nephropathy Clinical Trial
being conducted at the NIH. Additional development and sales-based milestone payments are payable upon achievement. 

Seven milestones totaling approximately
$22.6 million are due upon the achievement of certain development goals, two milestones totaling $7.0 million are due upon certain
net sales milestones and a single digit royalty on net sales is due for a certain period. In addition, a one-time payment is due
upon the termination of the license. 

9. Milestones and Sponsored Research
Agreements  

Helocyte  

In March 2016, Helocyte entered into an
Investigator-Initiated Clinical Research Support Agreement with the COH, to support a Phase 2 clinical study of its PepVax immunotherapy
for CMV control in allogeneic stem cell transplant recipients ( PepVax Arrangement ). The Phase 2 study is additionally
supported by grants from the National Cancer Institute. Under the terms of the agreement, Helocyte made an upfront payment to COH
of $1.0 million, recorded as sponsored research expense, and will pay COH up to an additional $2.0 million upon the achievement
of certain clinical milestones. Unless earlier terminated, the agreement expires upon the delivery of a final study report or December
31, 2018. 

In February 2016, Helocyte entered into
an Investigator-Initiated Clinical Research Support Agreement with the COH, to support a Phase 2 clinical study of its Triplex
immunotherapy for CMV control in allogeneic stem cell transplant recipients ( Triplex Arrangement ). The Phase 2 study
is additionally supported by grants from the National Cancer Institute. Under the terms of the agreement, Helocyte made an upfront
payment to COH of $1.0 million, recorded as sponsored research expense, and will pay COH up to an additional $3.4 million upon
the achievement of certain clinical milestones. Unless earlier terminated, the agreement expires upon the delivery of a final study
report or May 31, 2018. 

27  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

In August 2016, Helocyte made a payment
of $2 million, $1 million in connection with their PepVax Arrangement and $1 million in connection with their Triplex Arrangement.
As of September 30, 2016, Helocyte has a sponsored research and development prepayment of $1.1 million: $0.5 million related to
PepVax and $0.6 million related to Triplex, in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, Helocyte incurred expense of $0.9 and $2.9 million, respectively, related to the
sponsored research agreements, recorded as research and development expense in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations. No expenses were recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Mustang  

In March 2015, in connection with Mustang s
license with COH for the development of CAR T, Mustang entered into a Sponsored Research Agreement in which Mustang will fund continued
research in the amount of $2.0 million per year, payable in four equal annual installments, over the next five years. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Mustang incurred expense of $0.5 million and $0.5 million and $1.5 million and
$1.0 million, respectively, recorded as research and development expense in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

CNDO-109  

The Company has a license agreement with
the University College London Business PLC ( UCLB ) under which the Company received an exclusive, worldwide license
to develop and commercialize CNDO-109 to activate NK cells for the treatment of cancer-related and other conditions. In consideration
for the license, the Company made upfront payments totaling $0.1 million and may be required to make future milestone payments
totaling up to approximately $22 million upon the achievement of various milestones related to regulatory or commercial events.
In March 2016, the Company paid UCLB $0.4 million due upon completion of the Phase 1 study for Acute Myeloid Leukemia. In the event
that CNDO-109 is commercialized, the Company is obligated to pay to UCLB annual royalties ranging from 3% to 5% based upon various
levels of net sales of the product. Under the terms of the license agreement, the Company is allowed to grant sublicenses to third
parties without the prior approval of UCLB. In the event that the Company sublicenses CNDO-109 to a third party, the Company is
obligated to pay to UCLB all or a portion of the royalties the Company receives from the sub-licensee. Through September 30, 2016,
the Company has not sub-licensed CNDO-109 to a third party. 

10. Intangibles, net  

Journey Medical Corporation  

In January 2016, JMC entered into a licensing
agreement to distribute its prescription wound cream Luxamend      and paid an upfront fee of $50,000. Additionally, in
January 2016, JMC entered into a licensing agreement to distribute its prescription emollient Ceracade  TM  for the treatment
of various types of dermatitis and paid an upfront fee of $0.3 million. JMC commenced the sale of both of these products during
the three months ended June 30, 2016 and accordingly commenced the amortization of these costs over their respective three year
estimated useful life. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, JMC recognized expense of approximately $29,000
and $50,000, respectively, which was recorded in costs of goods sold on the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations (see
Note 20). 

In March 2015, JMC entered into a license
and supply agreement to acquire the rights to an oral antibiotic, for the treatment of severe acne. JMC made an upfront
payment of $1.3 million. Further payments will be made based on a revenue sharing arrangement. JMC received FDA approval for the
manufacturing of this product in July 2016 and expects to commence sales of this product in the second half of of 2016. 

28  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

11. Debt and Interest  

Debt  

Long-term debt to IDB, NSC and Helocyte
consists of the following as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

IDB Note  

On February 13, 2014, the Company executed
a promissory note in favor of IDB in the amount of $15.0 million (the  IDB Note ). The Company borrowed $14 million
against this note and used it to repay its prior loan from Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc. The Company may request revolving
advances under the IDB Note in a minimum amount of $100,000 (or the remaining amount of the undrawn balance under the IDB Note
if such amount is less than $100,000). All amounts advanced under the IDB Note are due in full at the earlier of: (i) February
27, 2017, as extended or (ii) on the IDB s election following the occurrence and continuation of an event of default. The
unpaid principal amount of each advance shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the rate payable on the Company s
money market account plus a margin of 150 basis points. The interest rate at September 30, 2016 was 2.25%. The IDB Note contains
various representations and warranties customary for financings of this type. 

The obligations of the Company under the
IDB Note are collateralized by a security interest in, a general lien upon, and a right of set-off against the Company s
money market account of $15.0 million pursuant to the Assignment and Pledge of Money Market Account, dated as of February 13, 2014
(the  Pledge Agreement ). Pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, IDB may, after the occurrence and continuation of an event
of default under the IDB Note, recover from the money market account all amounts outstanding under the IDB Note. The Pledge Agreement
contains various representations, warranties, and covenants customary for pledge agreements of this type. 

The Company will default on the IDB Note
if, among other things, it fails to pay outstanding principal or interest when due. Following the occurrence of an event of default
under the IDB Note, IDB may: (i) declare the entire outstanding principal balance of the IDB Note, together with all accrued interest
and other sums due under the IDB Note, to be immediately due and payable; (ii) exercise its right of setoff against any money,
funds, credits or other property of any nature in possession of, under control or custody of, or on deposit with IDB; (iii) terminate
the commitments of IDB; and (iv) liquidate the money market account to reduce the Company s obligations to IDB. 

Effective March 31, 2015, the
Company and IDB  extended the maturity date of the IDB Note to February 27, 2017. At September 30, 2016, the Company had
approximately $14.9 million outstanding under its promissory note with IDB. The Company only pays interest on the IDB Note
through maturity. 

NSC Note  

In March 2015, the Company closed a private
placement of a promissory note for $10 million in favor of National Securities Corporation ( NSC ). The Company used
the proceeds from the NSC Note to acquire medical technologies and products. The NSC Note matures in 36 months, provided that during
the first 24 months the Company can extend the maturity date by six months. No principal amount is due for the first 24 months
(or the first 30 months if the maturity date is extended). Thereafter, the NSC Note will be repaid at the rate of 1/12 of the principal
amount per month for a period of 12 months. Interest on the note is 8% payable quarterly during the first 24 months (or the first
30 months if the note is extended) and monthly during the last 12 months. NSC, a wholly owned subsidiary of National, acted as
the sole placement agent for the NSC Note. The Company paid NSC a fee of $0.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2015 in
connection with the NSC Note. The Company recorded the fee as a discount to  notes payable, long-term  on the Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets and amortized it over the life of the NSC Note. The effective interest rate on the NSC Note was approximately 12.4%
at December 31, 2015. 

29  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The NSC Note was amended and restated on
July 29, 2015 to provide that any time a Fortress subsidiary receives from the Company any proceeds from the NSC Note, the Company
may, in its sole discretion, cause the Fortress Company to issue to NSC Biotech Venture Fund I LLC a new promissory note (the  Amended
NSC Note ) on identical terms as the NSC Note, giving effect to the passage of time with respect to maturity. The Amended
NSC Note will equal the dollar amount of the Fortress Company s share of the NSC Note and reduce the Company s obligations
under the NSC Note by such amount. The Company will guarantee the Amended NSC Note until the Fortress Company either completes
an initial public offering of its securities or raises sufficient equity capital so that it has cash equal to five times the Amended
NSC Note. As of September 30, 2016, the Company transferred $2.8 million, $3.0 million and $3.6 million, including debt discount,
of the NSC Note to Checkpoint, Avenue and Mustang, respectively, representing Checkpoint s, Avenue s and Mustang s
pro rata share of the NSC Note. The Company applied the 10% cash flow test pursuant to ASC 470 to calculate the difference between
the present value of the amended NSC s Note s cash flows and the present value of the original remaining cash flow
and concluded that, because the results did not exceed the 10% factor, the debt modification is not considered substantially different.
The Company did not, therefore, apply extinguishment accounting, rather accounting for the modification on a prospective basis
pursuant to ASC 470. 

In connection with the transfer of NSC
Note proceeds to a Fortress Company, NSC has received, or will receive a warrant to purchase the Fortress Company s stock
equal to 25% of the NSC Note proceeds transferred to that Fortress Company divided by the lowest price at which the Fortress Company
sells its equity in its first third party financing. The warrants issued will have a term of 10 years and an exercise price equal
to the par value of the Fortress Company s common stock. 

As of September 30, 2016, Avenue recorded
approximately $370,000 of debt discount of which $114,000 relates to the Contingently Issuable Warrants issued in connection with
the NSC Note, based on its initial fair value (see Note 7). The entire debt discount will be amortized over the life of the note. 

In February 2016, Checkpoint repaid its
NSC Debt of $2.8 million. Approximately $324,000, of which $174,000 was related to the fair value of the NSC contingently issuable
warrant, of unamortized debt discount was accelerated into interest expense upon payment. 

In July 2016, Fortress transferred $3.6
million of Mustang s indebtedness to its NSC Note. In connection with the debt transfer a contingently issuable warrant equal
to 25% of the transferred indebtedness will be recorded. As of September 30, 2016, Mustang recorded approximately $763,000 of debt
discount of which $634,000 relates to the Contingently Issuable Warrants issued in connection with the NSC Note, based on its initial
fair value (see Note 7). The entire debt discount will be amortized over the life of the note. 

Helocyte Convertible Note  

On June 30, 2016, Helocyte held the first
closing of the sale of convertible promissory notes. Helocyte sold eleven convertible promissory notes to investors for an aggregate
of $1.0 million. The notes have an initial term of 18 months, which can be extended at the option of the holder, on one or
more occasions, for up to 180 days and accrue simple interest at the rate of 5% per annum for the first 12 months and 8% per annum
simple interest thereafter. The notes are guaranteed by Fortress.  The outstanding principal and interest of the notes
automatically converts into the type of equity securities sold by Helocyte in the next sale of equity securities in which Helocyte
realizes aggregate gross cash proceeds of at least $10.0 million (before commissions or other expenses and excluding conversion
of the notes) at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (a) the lowest price per share at which equity securities of Helocyte
are sold in such sale less a 33% discount and (b) a per share price based on a pre-offering valuation of $50.0 million divided
by the number of common shares outstanding on a fully-diluted basis. The outstanding principal and interest of the notes may
be converted at the option of the holder in any sale of equity securities that does not meet the $10.0 million threshold for automatic
conversion using the same methodology. The notes also automatically convert upon a  Sale  of Helocyte, defined
as (a) a transaction or series of related transactions where one or more non-affiliates acquires (i) capital stock of Helocyte
or any surviving successor entity possessing the voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or (ii) a majority
of the outstanding capital stock of Helocyte or the surviving successor entity (b) the sale, lease or other disposition of all
or substantially all of Helocyte s assets or any other transaction resulting in substantially all of Helocyte s assets
being converted into securities of another entity or cash. Upon a Sale of Helocyte, the outstanding principal and interest
of the notes automatically converts into common shares at a price equal to the lesser of (a) a discount to the price per share
being paid in the Sale of Helocyte equal to 33% or (b) a conversion price per share based on a pre-sale valuation of $50.0 million
divided by the fully-diluted common stock of Helocyte immediately prior to the Sale of Helocyte (excluding the notes). 

30  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

On September 30, 2016, Helocyte realized
net proceeds in two separate closings of $2.7 million after paying Aegis Capital Corp. ( Aegis ) its placement fee
of $0.3 million, or approximately 10% of the net proceeds, and legal fees of approximately $50,000. Additionally, Aegis received
a warrant ( Helocyte Warrant ) to purchase the number of shares of Helocyte s common stock equal to $301,800,
of which $100,000 was issued in connection with the first closing and $201,800 was issued in connection with the second closing,
divided by the price per share at which any note sold to investors first converts into Helocyte s common stock. The warrants
are issued at each closing. The Helocyte Warrants, which were recorded as a liability in accordance with ASC 815, have a five-year
term and have a per share exercise price equal to 110% of the price per share at which any note sold to investors first converts
into Helocyte s common stock. The offering remains open, and Helocyte may sell up to an aggregate of $5.0 million in convertible
notes. 

Due to the complexity and number of embedded
features within each convertible note, and as permitted under accounting guidance, the Company elected to account for the convertible
notes and all the embedded features (collectively, the  hybrid instrument ) under the fair value option (see Note 7). 

Opus Credit Facility Agreement  

On September 14, 2016, Fortress entered
into a Credit Facility Agreement (the  Opus Credit Facility ) with Opus Point Healthcare Innovations Fund, LP ( OPHIF ).
Since Fortress s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Lindsay A. Rosenwald) and Fortress s Executive Vice
President, Strategic Development (Michael S. Weiss), are Co-Portfolio Managers and Partners of Opus Point Partners Management,
LLC ( Opus ), an affiliate of OPHIF, all of the disinterested directors of Fortress s board of directors approved
the terms of the Credit Facility Agreement and accompanying Pledge and Security Agreement and forms of Note and Warrant (collectively,
the  Financing Documents ). 

Pursuant to the Opus Credit Facility, Fortress
may borrow up to a maximum aggregate amount of $25.0 million from OPHIF and any other lender that joins the Credit Facility Agreement
from time to time (OPHIF and each subsequent lender, a  Lender ) under one or more convertible secured promissory notes
(each a  Note ) from September 14, 2016 until September 1, 2017 (the  Commitment Period ). All amounts
borrowed under the Credit Facility Agreement must be paid in full on September 14, 2018 (the  Maturity Date ), though
Fortress may prepay the Notes at any time without penalty. 

Pursuant to the Opus Credit Facility and
form of Note, each Note will bear interest at 12% per annum and interest will be paid quarterly in arrears commencing on December
1, 2016 and on the first business day of each September, December, March and June thereafter until the Maturity Date. Upon the
occurrence and continuance of an event of default (as specified in Credit Facility Agreement and form of Note), each Note will
bear interest at 14% and be payable on demand. The Lenders may elect to convert the principal and interest of the Notes at any
time into shares of Fortress s common stock ( Common Stock ) at a conversion price of $10.00 per share. All Notes
are secured by shares of capital stock currently held by Fortress in certain Fortress companies as set forth in the Pledge and
Security Agreement entered into between Fortress, its wholly owned subsidiary, FBIO Acquisition, Inc., and OPHIF (as collateral
agent on behalf of all the Lenders) on September 14, 2016 (the  Pledge and Security Agreement ). 

Fortress may terminate the Opus Credit
Facility upon notice to the Lenders and payment of all outstanding obligations under the Credit Facility Agreement. Notwithstanding
any early termination of the Credit Facility Agreement, within 15 days after termination of the Commitment Period, Fortress will
issue each Lender warrants (each a  Warrant ) pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility Agreement and form of Warrant
to purchase their pro rata share of (a) 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock; and (b) that number of shares of Common Stock equal to
the product of (i) 1,000,000, times (ii) the principal amount of all Notes divided by 25,000,000. The Warrants will have a five-year
term and will be exercisable at a price of $3.00 per share. 

As of September 30, 2016, $5.0 million
was outstanding under the Opus Credit Facility net of a debt discount related to the allocated value of the warrants of $1.9 million. 

IDB Letters of Credit  

The Company has several letters of credit
( LOC ) with IDB securing rent deposits for lease facilities totaling approximately $1.5 million. Interest paid on
the letters of credit is 2%. 

31  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The following table shows the details of
interest expense for all debt arrangements during the periods presented. Interest expense includes contractual interest and amortization
of the debt discount and amortization of fees associated with loan transaction costs, amortized over the life of the loan: 

32  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

12. Accrued Expenses and Other Long-Term
Liabilities  

Accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities,
excluding National, consisted of the following: 

National's preliminary allocation of fair value of accounts
payable and other accrued expenses as of September 9, 2016, consisted of the following: 

13. Non-Controlling Interests  

Non-controlling interests in consolidated
entities are as follows: 

33  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The components of non-controlling interests
in loss of consolidated entities are as follows: 

(1)   
      Checkpoint is consolidated with Fortress  operations because Fortress maintains voting control through its ownership of Checkpoint s Class A Common Shares, which provide super-majority voting rights.   

14. Net Loss per Common Share  

Basic net loss per share is calculated
by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, without consideration
for common stock equivalents. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted-average number of
common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding for the period. 

Included in common stock issued and outstanding
as of September 30, 2016 are 8,705,137 shares of unvested restricted stock, which are excluded from the weighted average common
stock outstanding since its effect would be anti-dilutive. 

The Company s common stock equivalents,
including unvested restricted stock, options, and warrants that have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per
share as the effect would be to reduce the net loss per share. Therefore, the weighted average common stock outstanding used to
calculate both basic and diluted net loss per share is the same. 

34  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The
following shares of potentially dilutive securities have been excluded from the computations of diluted weighted average shares
outstanding, as the effect of including such securities would be anti-dilutive at the end of the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015:  

15. Stockholders  Equity  

Stock-based Compensation excluding National  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
four equity compensation plans: the Fortress Biotech, Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, the Fortress Biotech, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive
Plan, the Fortress Biotech, Inc. 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and the Fortress Biotech. Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan ( LTIP ). 

The following table summarizes the stock-based
compensation expense from stock option awards, restricted common stock awards, employee stock purchase programs and warrants granted
by Fortress for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)  Consists of approximately $5,000 of Avenue's compensation expenses, approximately $0.8 million
of Checkpoint's compensation expense, approximately $130,000 of JMC's compensation expenses and approximately $67,000 of Helocyte's
compensation expenses on stock grants for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and approximately $23,000 of Avenue's compensation
expenses, approximately $2.7 million of Checkpoint's compensation expense, approximately $458,000 of JMC's compensation expenses
and approximately $160,000 of Helocyte's compensation expenses on stock grants for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.   

Consists of approximately $15,000
of Avenue's compensation expenses, approximately $2.1 million of Checkpoint's compensation expense and approximately $279,000 of
JMC's compensation expenses on stock grants for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and approximately $38,000 of Avenue's
compensation expenses, approximately $2.1 million of Checkpoint's compensation expense, approximately $279,000 of JMC's compensation
expenses and approximately $147,000 of Mustang's compensation expenses on stock grants for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

In February 2016, the Company modified
the vesting schedule on the 1.9 million share grant made to its Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chair, Strategic Development
in December 2013, and the 3.9 million share inducement grant made to its Executive Chair, Strategic Development in February 2014.
The modification extended the vesting on the first tranche of all the grants by twelve months. The impact of the modification was
$0.4 million, which will be amortized over the remaining life of the award. 

35  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

The following table summarizes Fortress
stock option activities excluding activity related to Fortress Companies: 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had unrecognized stock-based
compensation expense related to unvested option of $16,000 with a weighted average vesting period of 0.22 years. 

The following table summarizes Fortress  restricted stock
and restricted stock unit award activity, excluding activity related to Fortress Companies (which is discussed below): 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards of approximately $5.6
million and $1.2 million, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of
2.2 years and 1.4 years, respectively. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan  

Eligible employees can purchase the Company s
Common Stock at the end of a predetermined offering period at 85% of the lower of the fair market value at the beginning or end
of the offering period. The ESPP is compensatory and results in stock-based compensation expense. 

As of September 30, 2016, 125,150 shares
have been purchased and 74,850 shares are available for future sale under the Company s ESPP. The Company recognized share-based
compensation expense of approximately $30,000 and $13,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
and $56,000 and $28,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company issued 33,958 shares under
the ESPP for $81,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

36  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Warrants  

The following table summarizes Fortress warrant activities,
excluding activities related to Fortress Companies: 

(*) - cashless 

All stock-based expense in connection with these warrants has
been recognized prior to January 1, 2016. 

Long-Term Incentive Program ( LTIP )  

On July 15, 2015, the stockholders approved
the LTIP for the Company s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Rosenwald, and Executive Vice Chairman, Strategic
Development, Mr. Weiss. The LTIP consists of a program to grant equity interests in the Company and in the Company s subsidiaries,
and a performance-based bonus program that is designed to result in performance-based compensation that is deductible without limit
under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

On July 15, 2015, grants of 500,000 warrants
for shares of common stock held by the Company in each of Mustang, Checkpoint, Avenue, Coronado SO, Helocyte, JMC and Escala, were
made to each of Dr. Rosenwald and Mr. Weiss for their services to the Company under the LTIP. The exercise price of each warrant,
which approximates its fair value, was determined by the Company utilizing a discounted cash flow model to determine the weighted
market value of invested capital, discounted by a lack of marketability of 44.8%, weighted average cost of capital of 30%, and
net of debt utilized. The Company recorded a charge of approximately $2.2 million related to these grants. 

On January 1, 2016, the Compensation Committee
granted 510,434 shares each to Dr. Rosenwald and Mr. Weiss. These equity grants, made in accordance with the LTIP, represent one
percent (1%) of total outstanding shares of the Company and were granted in recognition of their performance in 2015. The shares
are subject to repurchase by the Company until both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Company s market capitalization
increases by a minimum of $100,000,000, and (ii) the employee is either in the service of the Company as an employee or as a Board
member (or both) on the tenth anniversary of the LTIP, or the eligible employee has had an involuntary separation from service
(as defined in the LTIP). The Company s repurchase option on such shares will also lapse upon the occurrence of a corporate
transaction (as defined in the LTIP) if the eligible employee is in service on the date of the corporate transaction. Since these
awards contain a market condition as defined in ASC 718 ,   Compensation - Stock Compensation, 
the Company valued the award using the Monte Carlo simulation model. The model generated the fair value of the award at the grant
date of $2.4 million for both grants, which is amortized over the vesting period, ten years from the date of the LTIP, subject
to the above performance condition being probable of being met. For three and nine month ended September 30, 2016, the Company
recorded expense of $75,000 and $0.2 million, respectively. No expense was recorded in 2015. 

Fortress Companies  

Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc.  

Checkpoint has a long-term incentive plan.
In March 2015, Checkpoint issued a restricted stock grant to Dr. Marasco for services in connection with its Scientific Advisory
Board. Dr. Marasco was issued a grant for 1.5 million shares of Checkpoint common stock, of which 25% vested on the first anniversary
of the grant date and monthly thereafter for 48 months. Checkpoint valued the restricted stock utilizing a discounted cash flow
model to determine the weighted market value of invested capital, discounted by a lack of marketability of 44.8% and a weighted
average cost of capital of 30%, resulting in a value of $0.065 per share on grant date. At December 31, 2015, Checkpoint re-measured
this non-employee restricted stock utilizing a market approach, based upon a third party financing. Such valuation resulted in
a value of $4.39 per share utilizing a volatility of 83%, a risk free rate of return of 1.5% and a term of five years. At May 26,
2016, Checkpoint re-measured this non-employee restricted stock utilizing a market approach, based upon a third party financing.
Such valuation resulted in a value of $4.42 per share utilizing a volatility of 83%, a risk free rate of return of 1.35% and a
term of five years. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded expense of approximately $0.4
million and $1.6 million, respectively, in research and development expenses in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded expense of approximately $2.1
million in connection with this grant. 

37  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Certain employees and directors of Checkpoint
have been awarded restricted stock under Checkpoint s 2015 Incentive Plan. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of approximately $0.3 million and $1.0 million, respectively, related
to stock grants, which is included in general and administrative expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The Company recorded approximately $20,000 related to stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, which is included in research and development expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. There
were no related expenses recognized during the same periods in 2015. 

Avenue Therapeutics, Inc.  

Avenue has a long term incentive program.
During 2015, Avenue granted 1.0 million shares to its acting Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Lu, who is also Chief Financial Officer
of Fortress, for services to be provided. The stock price was determined utilizing a discounted cash flow model to determine the
weighted market value of invested capital, discounted by a lack of marketability of 44.8%, weighted average cost of capital of
30%, and net of debt utilized, resulting in a value of $0.146 per share. The grant issued to Dr. Lu vests 50% in four equal annual
tranches of 12.5%, with the remaining 50% vesting upon the achievement of certain performance goals. In connection with these grants,
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded approximately $2,500 and $11,500, respectively, as
general and administrative expenses and $2,500 and $11,500, respectively, as research and development expenses on the Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations. In connection with these grants for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
approximately $13,000 and $16,000, respectively, was recorded in expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, stock-based compensation expenses associated with the amortization of Avenue s restricted stock award for non-employees
were $0 and $22,000, respectively. 

Journey Medical Corporation  

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2016, JMC granted 310,000 of options to its employees, vesting equally over three to four years. The fair
value of stock options granted was determined on the grant date using assumptions for risk free interest rate, the expected
term, expected volatility, and expected dividend yield. The stock price was determined utilizing a discounted cash flow model
to determine the weighted market value of invested capital, discounted by a lack of marketability of 44.2%, weighted
average cost of capital of 25.1%, and net of debt utilized, resulting in a value of $0.53 per share. JMC does not expect to
pay dividends in the foreseeable future so therefore the expected dividend yield is 0%. The expected term for stock
options granted with service conditions represents the average period the stock options are expected to remain outstanding
and is based on the expected term calculated using the approach prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission's
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110 for  plain vanilla  options. JMC obtained the risk-free interest rate from
publicly available data published by the Federal Reserve. The volatility rate was computed based on a comparison of average
volatility rates of similar companies. The fair value of options granted in 2016 was estimated using the following
assumptions: 

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, stock-based compensation associated with the amortization of stock option expense was approximately $0.1 million
and $0.4 million, respectively. JMC also recorded approximately $29,000 and $95,000 related to the restricted stock during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Expense for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015
of approximately $279,000 was recorded in general and administrative expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

38  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Helocyte, Inc.  

On March 30, 2016, Helocyte granted 150,000
shares of restricted stock to a consultant. The shares will vest in four equal annual installments beginning on March 30, 2017.
On May 6, 2016, Helocyte granted 508,333 shares of restricted stock to a different consultant. The shares will vest in twelve equal
quarterly installments of which 127,084 shares were immediately vested in May 2016. The stock price was determined utilizing a
market approach, based upon a third party financing, which resulted in a value of $0.46 per share as of May 31, 2016, utilizing
a volatility of 68% and a risk free rate of return of 1.3%. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, Helocyte re-measured
the non-employee grants and recorded expense of approximately $50,000 and $118,000, respectively, in research and development expenses
on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

On March 30, 2016, Helocyte granted 1.0
million shares to its Chief Executive Officer for services to be provided. The shares vest in twelve equal quarterly installments
beginning on June 30, 2016. The fair market value of the stock is $0.097 per share based upon management s estimate of fair
value. In connection with this grant, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded approximately
$17,000 and $42,000, respectively, as general and administrative expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Capital Raise  

Checkpoint  

On February 23, 2016, Checkpoint closed
on proceeds of $0.6 million, in a private placement of shares and warrants to Opus Point Healthcare Fund GP, LLC, a fund managed
by OPPM, a related party. The financing involved the sale of units, each consisting of 10,000 shares of common stock and a warrant
exercisable for 3,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $7.00 per share, for a total price of $45,000 per unit. The
warrants have a five-year term and are only exercisable for cash. Checkpoint issued 126,640 unregistered shares of common stock
and 44,324 warrants in connection with this transaction. Due to the absence of a placement agent in this transaction, the net proceeds
to, and warrants issued by, Checkpoint were consistent with terms of the December 2015 third-party financing, which included the
payment of fees and issuance of warrants to a placement agent. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company determined
that the warrants still did not meet the definition of a derivative and continued to qualify for equity recognition. 

Mustang  

On September 30, 2016, Mustang closed on
gross proceeds of $12.4 million, before expenses, in a private placement of shares and warrants for which National Securities Corporation,
a subsidiary of National, was the placement agent and received a fee of $1.2 million (recorded as contra-equity) or 10% of the
gross proceeds. The financing involved the sale of units, each consisting of 10,000 shares of common stock and a warrant exercisable
for 2,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $8.50 per share, for a total price of $65,000 per unit. The warrants have
a five-year term and are only exercisable for cash. Mustang issued 1.9 million unregistered shares of common stock and 478,708
warrants in connection with this transaction. In addition, the placement agent received 191,483 warrants or 10% of the shares issued. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company determined
that the warrants still did not meet the definition of a derivative and continued to qualify for equity recognition. 

Amendment and Restatement of At Market
Issuance Sales Agreement  

On August 17, 2016, the Company entered
into an Amended and Restated At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, or Sales Agreement, with MLV   Co, or MLV, and FBR Capital
Markets   Co., or FBR. On August 18, 2016, the Company filed a Registration Statement on Form S-3 which, upon effectiveness,
will permit the Company to issue and sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $53.0 million
from time to time through MLV and FBR, as sales agents under the Sales Agreement. The Sales Agreement terminates on August 17,
2019. 

16. Commitments and Contingencies  

Operating Lease Obligations - National  

As of September 30, 2016, National
leases office space in various states expiring at various dates through August 2025, and is committed under operating leases for
future minimum lease payments as follows: 

39  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

As of September 9, 2016, National had outstanding one letter
of credit, which has been issued in the maximum amount of $194,000, as security for a property lease, and is collateralized by
the restricted cash as reflected in the statements of financial condition. 

Indemnification  

In accordance with its certificate of incorporation,
bylaws and indemnification agreements, the Company has indemnification obligations to its officers and directors for certain events
or occurrences, subject to certain limits, while they are serving at the Company s request in such capacity. There have been
no claims to date, and the Company has director and officer insurance to address such claims. Pursuant to agreements with clinical
trial sites, the Company provides indemnification to such sites in certain conditions. 

Legal Proceedings - Fortress  

In the ordinary course of business, the
Company and its subsidiaries may be subject to both insured and uninsured litigation. Suits and claims may be brought against the
Company by customers, suppliers, partners and/or third parties (including tort claims for personal injury arising from clinical
trials of the Company s product candidates and property damage) alleging deficiencies in performance, breach of contract,
etc., and seeking resulting alleged damages. 

Litigation and Regulatory Matters - National  

National is a defendant or respondent in
various pending and threatened arbitrations, administrative proceedings and lawsuits seeking compensatory damages. Several cases
have no stated alleged damages. Claim amounts are infrequently indicative of the actual amounts National will be liable for, if
any. Further, National has a history of collecting amounts awarded in these types of matters from its brokers that are still affiliated,
as well as from those that are no longer affiliated. Many of these claimants also seek, in addition to compensatory damages, punitive
or treble damages, and all seek interest, costs and fees. These matters arise in the normal course of business. National intends
to vigorously defend itself in these actions, and the ultimate outcome of these matters cannot be determined at this time. 

Liabilities for potential losses from complaints,
legal actions, government investigations and proceedings are established where management believes that it is probable that a liability
has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. In making these decisions, management bases its judgments
on its knowledge of the situations, consultations with legal counsel and its historical experience in resolving similar matters.
In many lawsuits, arbitrations and regulatory proceedings, it is not possible to determine whether a liability has been incurred
or to estimate the amount of that liability until the matter is close to resolution. However, accruals are reviewed regularly and
are adjusted to reflect management s estimates of the impact of developments, rulings, advice of counsel and any other information
pertinent to a particular matter. Because of the inherent difficulty in predicting the ultimate outcome of legal and regulatory
actions, management cannot predict with certainty the eventual loss or range of loss related to such matters. These amounts are
included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Awards ultimately paid, if any,
may be covered by their errors and omissions insurance policy. While National will vigorously defend itself in these matters, and
will assert insurance coverage and indemnification to the maximum extent possible, there can be no assurance that such matters
will not have a material adverse impact on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

40  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

17. Related Party Transactions  

Services Agreement with Opus Point Management
Partners, LLC  

On April 3, 2014, the Company entered into
a Shared Services Agreement with OPPM in which the parties agreed to share a rented facility as well as costs for certain services,
which they individually require for the operation of their respective entities. The Company s Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer and the Company s Executive Vice Chairman, Strategic Development are both Co-Portfolio Managers and Partners
of OPPM. The Company incurred expense of approximately $0 and $66,000 under this agreement for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company incurred expense of approximately $84,000 and $154,000 under this agreement for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The agreement can be terminated by either party with thirty days 
notice. 

Shared Services Agreement with TGTX  

In July 2015, TGTX and the Company entered
into an arrangement to share the cost of certain research and development employees. The Company s Executive Vice Chairman,
Strategic Development, is Executive Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer of TGTX. Under the terms of the Agreement, TGTX
will reimburse the Company for the salary and benefit costs associated with these employees based upon actual hours worked on TGTX
related projects. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company invoiced TGTX $0.3 million and $0.6 million,
respectively. The Company received payments of $71,800 for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Desk Space Agreements with TGTX and
OPPM  

In September 2014, the Company entered
into Desk Space Agreements with OPPM and TGTX to occupy 20% and 40% of the New York, NY office space that requires TGTX and OPPM
to pay their share of the average annual rent of $0.5 million and $1.1 million, respectively. These initial rent allocations will
be adjusted periodically for each party based upon actual percentage of the office space occupied. Additionally, the Company has
reserved the right to execute desk space agreements with other third parties and those arrangements will also affect the cost of
the lease actually borne by the Company. The Desk Space Agreement was amended in May 2016, adjusting the initial rent allocations
to 45% for TGTX and 10% for OPPM. 

Each initial Desk Space Agreement has a
term of five years. The Company took possession of the New York, NY office space in December 2015, commenced build out of the space
shortly thereafter and took occupancy of the space in April 2016. The Company expects the total build out costs to approximate
$5.1 million and will share the costs with OPPM and TGTX under the Desk Space Agreements. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had paid $0.4 million in rent under the Desk Space Agreements, and invoiced OPPM and TGTX approximately $37,000 and $180,000, respectively,
for their prorated share of the rent base. In addition, as of September 30, 2016 the Company had incurred $4.7 million in connection
with the build out of the space and recorded a receivable of $2.6 million due from TGTX and $0.6 million due from OPPM. 

Checkpoint Agreements with TGTX  

Checkpoint has entered into various agreements
with TGTX to develop and commercialize certain assets in connection with its licenses, including a collaboration agreement for
some of the Dana Farber licensed antibodies, an option agreement and sponsored research agreement for the NeuPharma EGFR inhibitor,
and a sublicense agreement for the Jubilant BET inhibitor. Checkpoint believes that by partnering with TGTX to develop these compounds
in therapeutic areas outside of its business focus, it may substantially offset its preclinical costs and milestone costs related
to the development and marketing of these compounds in solid tumor indications. 

Opus Credit Facility  

On September 14, 2016, Fortress entered
the Opus Credit Facility with OPHIF. Since Fortress s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Lindsay A. Rosenwald)
and Fortress s Executive Vice President, Strategic Development (Michael S. Weiss), are Co-Portfolio Managers and Partners
of Opus, an affiliate of OPHIF, all of the disinterested directors of Fortress s board of directors approved the terms of
the Credit Facility Agreement and accompanying Pledge and Security Agreement and forms of Note and Warrant (see Note11). 

41  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Founders Agreement and Management Services
Agreement with Checkpoint  

Effective March 17, 2015, the Company entered
into a Founders Agreement with Checkpoint, which was amended and restated on July 11, 2016 (the  Checkpoint Founders Agreement ).
The Checkpoint Founders Agreement provides that, in exchange for the time and capital expended in the formation of Checkpoint and
the identification of specific assets the acquisition of which result in the formation of a viable emerging growth life science
company, Checkpoint assumed $2.8 million in debt (see Note 11) that the Company accumulated under the NSC Note for expenses and
costs of forming Checkpoint, and Checkpoint shall also: (i) issue annually to the Company, on the anniversary date of the Checkpoint
Founders Agreement, shares of common stock equal to 2.5%  of the fully-diluted outstanding equity of Checkpoint at the time
of issuance; (ii) pay an equity fee in shares of common stock, payable within five (5) business days of the closing of any equity
or debt financing for Checkpoint or any of its subsidiaries that occurs after the effective date of the Checkpoint Founders Agreement
and ending on the date when the Company no longer has majority voting control in Checkpoint s voting equity, equal to 2.5% of
the gross amount of any such equity or debt financing; and (iii) pay a cash fee equal to 4.5% of Checkpoint s annual net
sales, payable on an annual basis, within ninety (90) days of the end of each calendar year. In the event of a change in control
(as it is defined in the Checkpoint Founders Agreement), Checkpoint will pay a one-time change in control fee equal to five times
(5x) the product of (i) net sales for the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the change in control and (ii) four and one-half
percent (4.5%). The Checkpoint Founders Agreement has a term of fifteen years after which it automatically renews for one-year
periods unless the Company gives Checkpoint notice of termination. The Checkpoint Founders Agreement will automatically terminate
upon a change of control. 

Effective March 17, 2015, the Company entered
into a Management Services Agreement (the  MSA ) with Checkpoint. Pursuant to the terms of the MSA, for a period of
five (5) years, the Company will render advisory and consulting services to Checkpoint. Services provided under the MSA may include,
without limitation, (i) advice and assistance concerning any and all aspects of Checkpoint s operations, clinical trials,
financial planning and strategic transactions and financings and (ii) conducting relations on behalf of Checkpoint with accountants,
attorneys, financial advisors and other professionals (collectively, the  Services ). Checkpoint is obligated to utilize
clinical research services, medical education, communication and marketing services and investor relations/public relation services
of companies or individuals designated by the Company, provided those services are offered at market prices. However, Checkpoint
is not obligated to take or act upon any advice rendered from the Company and the Company shall not be liable for any of Checkpoint s
actions or inactions based upon the Company s advice. Fortress and its affiliates, including all members of the Checkpoint s
Board of Directors, have been contractually exempt from fiduciary duties to Checkpoint relating to corporate opportunities. In
consideration for the Services, Checkpoint will pay the Company an annual consulting fee of $0.5 million (the  Annual Consulting
Fee ), payable in advance in equal quarterly installments on the first business day of each calendar quarter in each year,
provided, however, that such Annual Consulting Fee shall be increased to $1.0 million for each calendar year in which the Company
has net assets in excess of $100 million at the beginning of the calendar year. 

Founders Agreement and Management Services
Agreement with Avenue  

Effective
as of February 17, 2015, the Company entered into a Founders Agreement with Avenue, which was amended and restated on September
13, 2016 (the  Avenue Founders Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company assigned to Avenue all of its rights and
interest under the Company s license agreement with Revogenex for IV Tramadol. As consideration for the Avenue Founders
Agreement, Avenue assumed $3.0 million in debt that the Company accumulated under the NSC Note (see Note 11) for expenses and
costs of forming Avenue and obtaining IV Tramadol license, of which $3.0 million represents the acquisition of the License Agreement.
The Avenue Founders Agreement has a term of 15 years, which upon expiration automatically renews for successive one-year periods
unless terminated by the Company or a Change in Control (as defined in the Avenue Founders Agreement) occurs. Concurrently with
the amendment and restatement of the Avenue Founders Agreement, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement whereby the Company
exchanged its 7.0 million Class A Common shares for approximately 7.5 million common shares and 250,000 Class A Preferred shares.
Class A Preferred Stock is identical to common stock other than as to voting rights, conversion rights, election of directors
and the PIK Dividend right (as described below). Each share of Class A Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote the number of
votes that is equal to one and one-tenth (1.1) times a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of (A) the shares of outstanding
Avenue common stock and (B) the whole shares of Avenue common stock into which the shares of outstanding Class A Preferred Stock
are convertible and the denominator of which is the number of shares of outstanding Class A Preferred Stock. Thus, the Class A
Preferred Stock will at all times constitute a voting majority. Each share of Class A Preferred Stock is convertible, at its option,
into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Avenue common stock, subject to certain adjustments. For a period of 10 years from
the date of the first issuance of Class A Preferred Stock, the holders of record of shares of Class A Preferred Stock, exclusively
and as a separate class, are entitled to appoint or elect the majority of Avenue s Board of Directors. As holders of Class
A Preferred Stock, the Company will receive on each February 17 (each a  PIK Dividend Payment Date ) until the date
all outstanding Class A Preferred Stock is converted into common stock or redeemed (and the purchase price is paid in full), pro
rata per share dividends paid in additional fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock ( PIK Dividends )
such that the aggregate number of shares of common stock issued pursuant to such PIK Dividend is equal to two and one-half percent
(2.5%) of Avenue s fully-diluted outstanding capitalization on the date that is one (1) business day prior to any PIK Dividend
Payment Date. As additional consideration for the transfer of rights under the Avenue Founders Agreement, Avenue will also: (i)
pay an equity fee in shares of Avenue common stock, payable within five (5) business days of the closing of any equity or debt
financing for Avenue or any of its respective subsidiaries that occurs after the effective date of the Avenue Founders Agreement
and ending on the date when Fortress no longer has majority voting control in Avenue s voting equity, equal to two and one
half percent (2.5%) of the gross amount of any such equity or debt financing; and (ii) pay a cash fee equal to four and one half
percent (4.5%) of Avenue s annual net sales, payable on an annual basis, within ninety (90) days of the end of each calendar
year. In the event of a Change in Control, the Company will pay a one-time change in control fee equal to five (5x) times the
product of (i) net sales for the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the change in control and (ii) four and one-half percent
(4.5%).  

42  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Effective as of February 17, 2015, the
Company entered into a Management Services Agreement (the  MSA ) with Avenue and each of Avenue s current directors
and officers who are directors or officers of the Company to provide services to Avenue pursuant to the terms of the MSA. Pursuant
to the terms of the MSA, for a period of five (5) years, the Company will render advisory and consulting services to Avenue. Services
provided under the MSA may include, without limitation, (i) advice and assistance concerning any and all aspects of Avenue s
operations, clinical trials, financial planning and strategic transactions and financings and (ii) conducting relations on behalf
of Avenue with accountants, attorneys, financial advisors and other professionals (collectively, the  Services ). Avenue
is obligated to utilize clinical research services, medical education, communication and marketing services and investor relations/public
relation services of companies or individuals designated by Fortress, provided those services are offered at market prices. However,
Avenue is not obligated to take or act upon any advice rendered from Fortress and Fortress shall not be liable for any of Avenue s
actions or inactions based upon their advice. Fortress and its affiliates, including all members of Avenue s Board of Directors,
have been contractually exempt from fiduciary duties to Avenue relating to corporate opportunities. In consideration for the Services,
the Company will pay Fortress an annual consulting fee of $0.5 million (the  Annual Consulting Fee ), payable in advance
in equal quarterly installments on the first business day of each calendar quarter in each year, provided, however, that such Annual
Consulting Fee shall be increased to $1.0 million for each calendar year in which Avenue has net assets in excess of $100 million
at the beginning of the calendar year. 

Founders Agreement and Management Services
Agreement with Helocyte  

Effective March 20, 2015, the Company entered
into a Founders Agreement with Helocyte, which was amended and restated as of September 14, 2016 (the  Helocyte Founders
Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide the initial funding required by the COH License Agreement for
PepVax and Triplex, as well as other operating capital needed to meet Helocyte s initial capital requirements. As consideration
for the Helocyte Founders Agreement, upon Helocyte commencing a third party financing, Helocyte will assume the Company s
accumulated debt, attributable to Helocyte s expenses and costs associated with its formation, license acquisition and expenses,
under the NSC Note ( NSC Note ), or other similar debt. The Helocyte Founders Agreement has a term of 15 years, which
upon expiration automatically renews for successive one-year periods unless terminated by the Company or a Change in Control (as
defined in the Helocyte Founders Agreement) occurs. Concurrently with the amendment and restatement of the Helocyte Founders Agreement,
the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement whereby the Company exchanged its 7.0 million Class B Common shares for 6.75 million
common shares and 250,000 Class A Preferred shares. Class A Preferred Stock is identical to common stock other than as to voting
rights, conversion rights and the PIK Dividend right (as described below). Each share of Class A Preferred Stock will be entitled
to vote the number of votes that is equal to one and one-tenth (1.1) times a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of (A)
the shares of outstanding Helocyte common stock and (B) the whole shares of Helocyte common stock into which the shares of outstanding
Class A Common Stock and Class A Preferred Stock are convertible and the denominator of which is the number of shares of outstanding
Class A Preferred Stock. Thus, the Class A Preferred Stock will at all times constitute a voting majority. Each share of Class
A Preferred Stock is convertible, at its option, into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Helocyte common stock, subject
to certain adjustments. As the sole holder of Class A Preferred Stock, the Company will receive on each March 20 (each a  PIK
Dividend Payment Date ) until the date all outstanding Class A Preferred Stock is converted into common stock or redeemed
(and the purchase price is paid in full), pro rata per share dividends paid in additional fully paid and nonassessable shares of
common stock ( PIK Dividends ) such that the aggregate number of shares of common stock issued pursuant to such PIK
Dividend is equal to two and one-half percent (2.5%) of Helocyte s fully-diluted outstanding capitalization on the date that
is one (1) business day prior to any PIK Dividend Payment Date. As additional consideration for the transfer of rights under the
Helocyte Founders Agreement, Helocyte will also: (i) pay an equity fee in shares of Helocyte common stock, payable within five
(5) business days of the closing of any equity or debt financing for Helocyte or any of its respective subsidiaries that occurs
after the effective date of the Helocyte Founders Agreement and ending on the date when Fortress no longer has majority voting
control in Helocyte s voting equity, equal to two and one half percent (2.5%) of the gross amount of any such equity or debt
financing; and (ii) pay a cash fee equal to four and one half percent (4.5%) of Helocyte s annual net sales, payable on an
annual basis, within ninety (90) days of the end of each calendar year. In the event of a Change in Control, the Company will pay
a one-time change in control fee equal to five (5x) times the product of (i) net sales for the twelve (12) months immediately preceding
the change in control and (ii) four and one-half percent (4.5%). 

Effective
March 20, 2015, the Company entered into a Management Services Agreement (the  MSA ) with Helocyte and each of Helocyte s
current directors and officers who are directors or officers of the Company to provide services to Helocyte pursuant to the terms
of the MSA. Pursuant to the terms of the MSA, for a period of five (5) years, the Company will render advisory and consulting
services to Helocyte. Services provided under the MSA may include, without limitation, (i) advice and assistance concerning any
and all aspects of Helocyte s operations, clinical trials, financial planning and strategic transactions and financings
and (ii) conducting relations on behalf of Helocyte with accountants, attorneys, financial advisors and other professionals (collectively,
the  Services ). Helocyte is obligated to utilize clinical research services, medical education, communication and
marketing services and investor relations/public relation services of companies or individuals designated by Fortress, provided
those services are offered at market prices. However, Helocyte is not obligated to take or act upon any advice rendered from Fortress
and Fortress shall not be liable for any of Helocyte s actions or inactions based upon their advice. Fortress and its affiliates,
including all members of Helocyte s Board of Directors, have been contractually exempt from fiduciary duties to Helocyte
relating to corporate opportunities. In consideration for the Services, the Company will pay Fortress an annual consulting fee
of $0.5 million (the  Annual Consulting Fee ), payable in advance in equal quarterly installments on the first business
day of each calendar quarter in each year, provided, however, that such Annual Consulting Fee shall be increased to $1.0 million
for each calendar year in which Helocyte has net assets in excess of $100 million at the beginning of the calendar year.  

43  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Founders Agreement and Management Services
Agreement with Mustang  

Effective March 13, 2015, the Company entered
a Founders Agreement with Mustang, which was amended and restated on May 17, 2016 and again on July 26, 2016 (the  Mustang
Founders Agreement ). The Mustang Founders Agreement provides that, in exchange for the time and capital expended in the
formation of Mustang and the identification of specific assets the acquisition of which result in the formation of a viable emerging
growth life science company, the Company will loan Mustang $2.0 million, representing the up-front fee required to acquire Mustang s
license agreement with COH. The Mustang Founders Agreement has a term of 15 years, which upon expiration automatically renews for
successive one-year periods unless terminated by the Company or a Change in Control (as defined in the Mustang Founders Agreement)
occurs. Concurrently with the second amendment to the Mustang Founders Agreement, the Company entered into an Exchange Agreement
whereby the Company exchanged its 7.25 million Class B Common shares for 7.0 million common shares and 250,000 Class A Preferred
shares. Class A Preferred Stock is identical to common stock other than as to voting rights, conversion rights and the PIK Dividend
right (as described below). Each share of Class A Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote the number of votes that is equal to
one and one-tenth (1.1) times a fraction, the numerator of which is the sum of (A) the shares of outstanding Mustang common stock
and (B) the whole shares of Mustang common stock into which the shares of outstanding Class A Common Stock and Class A Preferred
Stock are convertible and the denominator of which is the number of shares of outstanding Class A Preferred Stock. Thus, the Class
A Preferred Stock will at all times constitute a voting majority. Each share of Class A Preferred Stock is convertible, at the
Company s option, into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Mustang common stock, subject to certain adjustments. As
holders of Class A Preferred Stock, the Company will receive on each March 13 (each a  PIK Dividend Payment Date )
until the date all outstanding Class A Preferred Stock is converted into common stock or redeemed (and the purchase price is paid
in full), pro rata per share dividends paid in additional fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock ( PIK Dividends )
such that the aggregate number of shares of common stock issued pursuant to such PIK Dividend is equal to two and one-half percent
(2.5%) of Mustang s fully-diluted outstanding capitalization on the date that is one (1) business day prior to any PIK Dividend
Payment Date. 

As additional consideration under the Mustang
Founders Agreement, Mustang will also: (i) pay an equity fee in shares of common stock, payable within five (5) business days of
the closing of any equity or debt financing for Mustang or any of its respective subsidiaries that occurs after the effective date
of the Mustang Founders Agreement and ending on the date when the Company no longer has majority voting control in Mustang s
voting equity, equal to two and one-half (2.5%) of the gross amount of any such equity or debt financing; and (ii) pay a cash fee
equal to four and one-half percent (4.5%) of Mustang s annual net sales, payable on an annual basis, within ninety (90) days
of the end of each calendar year. In the event of a Change in Control, Mustang will pay a one-time change in control fee equal
to five (5x) times the product of (A) net sales for the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the change in control and (B)
four and one-half percent (4.5%). 

Effective as of March 13, 2015, the Company
entered into a Management Services Agreement (the  MSA ) with Mustang. Pursuant to the terms of the MSA, for a period
of five (5) years, the Company will render advisory and consulting services to Mustang. Services provided under the MSA may include,
without limitation, (i) advice and assistance concerning any and all aspects of Mustang s operations, clinical trials, financial
planning and strategic transactions and financings and (ii) conducting relations on behalf of Mustang with accountants, attorneys,
financial advisors and other professionals (collectively, the  Services ). Mustang is obligated to utilize clinical
research services, medical education, communication and marketing services and investor relations/public relation services of companies
or individuals designated by Fortress, provided those services are offered at market prices. However, Mustang is not obligated
to take or act upon any advice rendered from Fortress, and Fortress shall not be liable for any of Mustang s actions or inactions
based upon Fortress s advice. Fortress and its affiliates, including all members of Mustang s Board of Directors, have
been contractually exempt from fiduciary duties to Mustang relating to corporate opportunities. In consideration for the Services,
Mustang will pay Fortress an annual consulting fee of $0.5 million (the  Annual Consulting Fee ), payable in advance
in equal quarterly installments on the first business day of each calendar quarter in each year, provided, however, that such Annual
Consulting Fee shall be increased to $1.0 million for each calendar year in which Mustang has net assets in excess of $100 million
at the beginning of the calendar year. 

As consideration for the Mustang Founders
Agreement, Mustang assumed $3.6 million in debt that the Company accumulated under the NSC Note on July 5, 2016 (see Note 11). 

44  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Chord Advisors, LLC  

In May 2015, the Company entered into a
full service consulting agreement with Chord Advisors, LLC ( Chord ) to provide advisory accounting services. Under
the terms of the agreement, the Company pays Chord $10,000 per month to provide technical accounting and financial reporting support.
Either party upon 30-days written notice can terminate the agreement. Mr. Horin, Managing Partner of Chord, serves as Interim Chief
Financial Officer to Avenue, Checkpoint, Helocyte and Mustang. Pursuant to the agreements with Avenue, Checkpoint, Helocyte and
Mustang, Chord receives $5,000 per month from Avenue, Mustang and Helocyte, and $7,500 per month from Checkpoint to provide back
office accounting support and accounting policy and financial reporting services, including the services of Mr. Horin. 

National  

In September 2016, pursuant to the terms
of the Merger Agreement between National and Fortress, the Company acquired 56.1% of National for $22.9 million, thereby becoming
the majority shareholder of National. The Company s Executive Vice Chairman, Strategic Development is the Chairman of the
Board of National. In the normal course, National provides the Company and the Company s subsidiaries with placement agent
services in connection with third party raises. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, National received
fees of $1.3 million and $1.3 million, respectively. The fees earned in 2016 relate to Mustang while the fees earned in 2015 relate
to Checkpoint. 

Additionally, the Company s Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer and the Company s Executive Vice Chairman, Strategic Development are both Co-Portfolio
Managers and Partners of OPPM which owns approximately 4.6% of National. 

18. Net Capital Requirements of Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries  

National Securities is subject to the
Securities and Exchange Commission Uniform Net Capital Rule (Rule 15c3-1) (the Rule), which, among other things, requires the
maintenance of minimum net capital. In February 2015, pursuant to a directive from FINRA, National Securities reverted back
to using the alternative method of computing net capital from the aggregate indebtedness method. At September  9, 2016,
National Securities had net capital of $5.6 million which was $5.4 million in excess of its required net capital of $250,000.
National Securities is exempt from the provisions of Rule 15c-3-3 since it is an introducing
broker-dealer that clears all transactions on a fully disclosed basis and promptly transmits all customer
funds and securities to clearing brokers. Calculations of net capital and claimed exemptions are reviewed by an independent
audit firm on an annual basis. 

vFinance Investments is also subject to
the Rule, which, among other things, requires the maintenance of minimum net capital and requires that the ratio of aggregate indebtedness
to net capital, both as defined, shall not exceed 15 to 1. At September 9, 2016, vFinance Investments had net capital of $2.2
million which was $1.2 million in excess of its required net capital of $1.0 million. vFinance Investments percentage of aggregate
indebtedness to net capital was 77.9%. vFinance Investments is exempt from the provisions of Rule 15c-3-3 since it is an introducing
broker-dealer that clears all transactions on a fully disclosed basis and promptly transmits all customer funds
and securities to clearing brokers. Calculations of net capital and claimed exemptions are reviewed by an independent audit firm
on an annual basis. 

Advances, dividend payments and other equity
withdrawals from its Broker-Dealer Subsidiaries are restricted by the regulations of the SEC, and other regulatory agencies. These
regulatory restrictions may limit the amounts that a subsidiary may dividend or advance to the Company. 

19. Off Balance Sheet Risk and Concentrations of Credit Risk  

National is engaged in trading and providing
a broad range of securities brokerage and investment services to a diverse group of retail and institutional clientele, as well
as corporate finance and investment banking services to corporations and businesses. Counterparties to National s business
activities include broker-dealers and clearing organizations, banks and other financial institutions. National uses clearing brokers
to process transactions and maintain customer accounts for National on a fee basis. National permits the clearing firms to extend
credit to its clientele secured by cash and securities in the client s account. National s exposure to credit risk
associated with the non-performance by its customers and counterparties in fulfilling their contractual obligations can be directly
impacted by volatile or illiquid trading markets, which may impair the ability of customers and counterparties to satisfy their
obligations to National. National has agreed to indemnify the clearing brokers for losses they incur while extending credit to
National s clients. It is National s policy to review, as necessary, the credit standing of its customers and counterparties.
Amounts due from customers that are considered uncollectible by the clearing broker are charged back to National by the clearing
broker when such amounts become determinable. Upon notification of a charge back, such amounts, in total or in part, are then either
(i) collected from the customers, (ii) charged to the broker initiating the transaction and/or (iii) charged to operations, based
on the particular facts and circumstances. 

45  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

National maintains cash in bank deposits,
which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. National has not experienced and does not expect to experience losses on
such accounts. 

A short sale involves the sale of a security
that is not owned in the expectation of purchasing the same security (or a security exchangeable) at a later date at a lower price.
A short sale involves the risk of a theoretically unlimited increase in the market price of the security that would result in a
theoretically unlimited loss. 

20. Segment Information  

The Company operates in three reportable
segments, Dermatology Product Sales, Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Product Development and National. The accounting policies
of the Company s segments are the same as those described in Note 2. The following tables summarize, for the periods indicated,
operating results by reportable segment: 

Cost of goods sold is directly related
to product sales only. Revenues derived from co-promote revenue, which made up all of the Dermatology Product Sales in the first
quarter had no cost of goods sold. As a result, cost of goods sold was only recorded in the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

46  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

 (Unaudited) 

Significant Customers  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, two of the Company s customers accounted for more than 10.0% of its total revenue in the amount of $0.2 million and
$43,000, respectively. The revenue from these customers is captured in the product revenue, net line item within the Condensed
Consolidated Statement of Operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, three of its customers accounted for more than
10.0% of its total revenue in the amount of $0.8 million, $0.3 million, and $0.3 million, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, three of the Company s
customers accounted for more than 10.0% of its total accounts receivable balance in the amount of $0.1 million, $71,000 and $50,000,
respectively. 

Net Revenue from Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology
Product Development represents collaboration revenue from TGTX in connection with Checkpoint, which is classified as related party
revenue. 

21. Subsequent Events  

Mustang  

On October 25, 2016 Mustang closed an additional
round of financing totaling gross proceeds of $7.1 million, before expenses, in a private placement of shares and warrants for
which National Securities Corporation, a subsidiary of National, was the placement agent and received a fee of $0.7 million or
approximately 10% of the gross proceeds. The financing involved the sale of units, each consisting of 10,000 shares of common stock
and a warrant exercisable for 2,500 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $8.50 per share, for a total price of $65,000
per unit. The warrants have a five-year term and are only exercisable for cash. Mustang issued 1.1 million unregistered shares
of common stock and 272,645 warrants in connection with this transaction. In addition, the placement agent received 109,058 warrants
or approximately 10% of the shares issued. 

Pursuant to the terms of Mustang s
$3.6 million NSC Note, upon the closing of Mustang s second round of financing on October 25, 2016, Mustang issued to National
a warrant for 138,462 relating to its aggregate gross proceeds from its third party exceeding five times the value of the debt. 

Helocyte  

On October 31, 2016 Helocyte closed its
third round of financing in connection with its convertible debt and raised gross proceeds of $1.0 million, before expenses of
$0.1 million. 

Cellvation  

On October 31, 2016 Cellvation entered
into two Patent   Technology License Agreements with The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston ( UTHealth )
for a combined upfront fee of $300,000. UTHealth received 5% of Cellvation s fully-diluted equity in connection with the
transaction.  

47  

Item 2.   Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Statements 

You should read the following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and
the related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), including,
without limitation, statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or future strategies that are signified by the words
 expect,   anticipate,   intend,   believe,   may,   plan ,
 seek  or similar language. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on information available
to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Our business and financial
performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in
the forward-looking statements. In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the information set forth under the heading
 Risk Factors  herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Overview  

Since inception on June 28, 2006, we have
been a biopharmaceutical company involved in the development of novel immunotherapy agents for the treatment of autoimmune diseases
and cancer. In 2015, as part of our growth strategy, we focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing novel pharmaceutical
and biotechnology products. We develop and commercialize products both within Fortress and through certain of our subsidiary
companies, which are sometimes referred to herein as the  Fortress Companies.  Additionally, the Company recently acquired
a controlling interest in National Holdings Corporation, a diversified independent brokerage company (together with its subsidiaries,
herein referred to as  NHLD  or  National ). In addition to our internal development programs, we leverage
our biopharmaceutical business expertise and drug development capabilities to provide funding and management services to help Fortress
Companies achieve their goals. The Company and the Fortress Companies may seek licensings, acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures
and/or public and private financings to accelerate and provide additional funding to
support their research and development programs. References in this report to  we,   us,   our, 
 the Company  and  Fortress  refer to Fortress Biotech, Inc. and the Fortress Companies. 

Business Strategy  

Our business approach is designed for maximum
flexibility, allowing us to invest in a broad array of new technologies with clinical and commercial potential and products related
to financial services. It enables us to move quickly to take advantage of time-sensitive opportunities when necessary and provides
us with a range of options that allow us to select what we believe is the most advantageous corporate or financial structure for
each investment candidate. We seek to acquire and invest in drugs, technologies and operating subsidiaries with high growth potential.
We have made significant progress with the above initiatives and believe our novel business approach will provide opportunities
to achieve synergies across multiple Fortress Companies. 

As of September 30, 2016, we had several
consolidated Fortress Companies, some of which contain product licenses, including Avenue Therapeutics, Inc. ( Avenue ),
Journey Medical Corporation ( JMC ), Coronado SO Co. ( Coronado SO ), Checkpoint Therapeutics, Inc. ( Checkpoint ),
Mustang Bio, Inc. ( Mustang ), Helocyte, Inc. ( Helocyte ), Escala Therapeutics, Inc. ( Escala ),
CB Securities Corporation and Cyprium, Inc. In addition, as of September 9, 2016, we are the majority owner of National. 

Recent Events  

Fortress  

On September 9, 2016, pursuant to that
certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, we purchased approximately 56% of NHLD common stock, par value $0.02 per share, at the purchase
price of $3.25 per share in cash for a total purchase price of approximately $22.9 million. We entered into the transaction in
part because of NHLD s ability to finance emerging biotech transactions. 

Avenue  

In June 2016, Avenue completed an End-of-Phase
2 ( EOP2 ) meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and, based on the outcome of the
EOP2 meeting, Avenue anticipates that the Phase 3 program will consists of three studies: an efficacy and safety study in an orthopedic
model, an efficacy and safety study in a soft tissue model, and an open label safety study. 

In March 2016, Avenue completed a pharmacokinetics
(PK) study for IV Tramadol in healthy volunteers. 

48  

Checkpoint  

In August 2016, Checkpoint s Investigational
New Drug Application ( IND ) for its EGFR inhibitor was accepted by the FDA and Checkpoint began its Phase 1/2 clinical
trial in September 2016. 

In May 2016, Checkpoint entered into a
License Agreement with Jubilant Biosys Limited ( Jubilant ), whereby Checkpoint obtained an exclusive, worldwide license
to Jubilant s family of patents covering compounds that inhibit BRD4, a member of the BET domain for cancer treatment, which
Checkpoint refers to as CK-103. In connection with this license, Checkpoint entered into a sublicense agreement with TG Therapeutics,
Inc. ( TGTX ), a related party, to develop and commercialize the compounds licensed in the field of hematological malignancies,
while Checkpoint retains the right to develop and commercialize these compounds in the field of solid tumors. 

In February 2016, Checkpoint repaid its
NSC debt of $2.8 million. 

Helocyte  

On June 30, 2016, Helocyte held the first
closing of the sale of convertible promissory notes. On September 30, 2016, Helocyte held its second closing of the sale of its
convertible promissory notes to investors for an aggregate of $2.0 million. In total, Helocyte has raised $3.0 million through
the sale of its convertible promissory notes during the calendar year. 

In March 2016, Helocyte entered into an
Investigator-Initiated Clinical Research Support Agreement with the City of Hope National Medical Center ( COH ) to
support a Phase 2 clinical study of its PepVax immunotherapy for CMV control in allogeneic stem cell transplant recipients. The
Phase 2 study is additionally supported by grants from the National Cancer Institute. 

In February 2016, Helocyte entered into
a Clinical Trial Agreement with COH to support a Phase 2 clinical study of its Triplex immunotherapy for CMV control in allogeneic
stem cell transplant recipients. The Phase 2 study is additionally supported by grants from the National Cancer Institute. 

Mustang  

On September 30, 2016,
Mustang closed on gross proceeds of $12.4 million, before expenses, in a private placement of shares and warrants for which National
Securities Corporation was the placement agent and received a fee of $1.2 million or approximately 10% of the gross proceeds. 

In May 2016, an oral presentation
related to MB-101 (IL13R2-specific CAR-T cells) was presented by COH investigators at the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy
19th Annual Meeting at the Marriott Wardman Park Hotel in Washington, DC. 

JMC  

In July 2016, JMC received FDA approval
to manufacture Targadox  TM  its product for the treatment of severe acne. Sales commenced in October 2016. 

During the second quarter of 2016, JMC
began sales of  Journey  branded products including Luxamend   , its prescription wound cream, and Ceracade
 TM , its emollient for the treatment of various types of dermatitis. 

Reportable Business Segments  

For presentation purposes, Results of Operations
is presented on a detailed revenue and expense basis rather than on a reportable business segment basis. Our operations are subject
to wide fluctuations due to our early stage of development. The following provides a summary of revenues and expenses for the periods
presented. 

Results of Operations  

General   

Year to date, we have revenues of $3.9
million, consisting of $1.8 million from the sale JMC products and $2.1 million from TGTX, a related party, in connection
with certain collaboration arrangements with Checkpoint. At September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $227.8
million. While we may in the future generate revenue from a variety of sources, including license fees, milestone payments,
research and development payments in connection with strategic partnerships and/or product sales, our and our
subsidiaries  current product candidates are at an early stage of development and may never be successfully developed
or commercialized. Accordingly, we expect to continue to incur substantial losses from operations for the foreseeable future,
and there can be no assurance that we will ever generate significant revenues. 

We had $0.4 million of costs of goods sold
in connection with the sale of JMC branded products. 

49  

In connection with JMC s licensing
agreement to distribute its prescription wound cream Luxamend   , JMC paid an upfront fee of $50,000, and a $0.3 million
upfront fee for the licensing agreement to distribute Ceracade  TM , its prescription emollient for the treatment of various
types of dermatitis. JMC commenced the sale of both of these products during the three months ended June 30, 2016 and accordingly
commenced the amortization of these costs over their respective three year estimated useful life. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Research and development costs primarily
consist of personnel related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel, and other related expenses, stock-based compensation,
payments made to third parties for license and milestone costs related to in-licensed products and technology, payments made to
third party contract research organizations for preclinical and clinical studies, investigative sites for clinical trials, consultants,
the cost of acquiring and manufacturing clinical trial materials, costs associated with regulatory filings and patents, laboratory
costs and other supplies. 

Also included in research and development
expense is the total purchase price for the licenses acquired during the applicable reporting period. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, research and development expenses were approximately $7.3 million and $9.1 million, respectively. Additionally,
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we expensed $1.0 million and $1.9 million, respectively, in costs related
to the acquisition of licenses. Noncash, stock-based compensation expense included in research and development for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was $0.9 million and $3.7 million, respectively. 

Included in the remaining $6.4 million
and $5.4 million figures for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are the following subsidiary level
expenses related to license development: Avenue: $0.1 million and $0.1 million; Checkpoint: $3.2 million and $0.8 million; Escala:
$0.1 million and $0.1 million; Helocyte: $0.9 million and nil; and Mustang: $0.5 million and $0.5 million. Additionally, for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, expenses related to CNDO-109 and TSO were $0.1 million and $0.1 million, and $40,000
and $2.9 million, respectively. Additionally, $0.5 million was incurred for options on potential new products by Fortress in the
three months ended September 30, 2016. Also included in research and development expenses for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, were $1.0 million and $0.9 million, respectively, of employee costs. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, research and development expenses were approximately $21.4 million and $13.2 million, respectively. Additionally,
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we expensed $3.1 million and $10.9 million, respectively, in costs related
to the acquisition of licenses. Noncash, stock-based compensation expense included in research and development for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, was $3.4 million and $4.3 million, respectively. 

Included in the remaining $18.0
million and $8.9 million research and development expense figures for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, are the following subsidiary level expenses related to license development: Avenue: $0.9 million and $0.3
million; Checkpoint: $7.6 million and $1.1 million; Escala: $0.7 million and $0.1 million; Helocyte: $3.1 million and $0.1 million;
and Mustang: $1.5 million and $1.0 million. Additionally, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, expenses
related to CNDO-109 and TSO were $0.7 million and $0.4 million, and $40,000 and $3.1 million, respectively. Further during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Fortress incurred expenses $0.5 million for the option to acquire licenses for
potential new products. Employee costs of $3.1 million and $2.6 million were also included in research and development
expenses for the nine-months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative expenses consist
principally of personnel-related costs, professional fees for legal, consulting, audit and tax services, rent and other general
operating expenses not otherwise included in research and development expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, general and administrative expenses were approximately $8.9 million and $7.1 million, respectively. Noncash, stock-based
compensation expense included in general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
was $2.0 million and $4.2 million, of which $1.5 million and $3.9 million relates to Fortress, $0.1 million and $0.3 million relates
to JMC, $2,500 and $7,000 relates to Avenue, $17,000 and nil relates to Helocyte and $0.3 million and nil relates to Checkpoint,
respectively. 

Included in the remaining $6.9 million
and $2.9 million figures for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are employee related costs as follows:
Fortress: $1.0 million and $1.6 million, JMC: $1.2 million and $0.9 million; Checkpoint: $0.2 million and $0.3 million; and Helocyte:
$0.1 million and $0.1. The remaining costs for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are comprised
primarily of professional fees and services costs as follows: Fortress: $2.5 million and $0.9 million; JMC: $0.3 million and $0.2
million; Avenue: $0.1 million and $40,000; Checkpoint: $0.4 million and $80,000; Helocyte: $0.1 million and nil and Mustang: $0.8
million and $30,000, respectively. 

50  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, general and administrative expenses were approximately $25.4 million and $14.4 million, respectively. Noncash, stock-based
compensation expense included in general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
was $5.4 million and $6.7 million, of which $3.9 million and $6.4 million relates to Fortress, $0.5 million and $0.2 million relates
to JMC, $42,000 and nil relates to Helocyte, $11,000 and $22,500 relates to Avenue and $1.0 million and nil relates to Checkpoint,
respectively. We anticipate general and administrative expenses will increase in future periods, reflecting continued and increasing
costs associated with: 

support of our expanded research and development activities;   

support of business development activities; and   

an expanding infrastructure and increased professional fees and other costs associated therewith.   

Included in the remaining $20.0 million
and $7.7 million figures for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are employee related costs as follows:
Fortress: $3.0 million and $1.7 million; JMC: $3.9 million and $1.7 million; Checkpoint: $0.6 million and nil; and Helocyte: $0.4
million and $0.1 million. Additional costs related to professional fees and services were incurred for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 as follows: Fortress: $6.0 million and $3.0 million; JMC: $1.2 million and $0.7 million; Checkpoint: $1.6 million
and $0.2 million; Helocyte: $0.4 million and $20,000; Escala: $0.1 million and $40,000; and Mustang: $1.4 million and $50,000,
respectively. 

Comparison of three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Total revenues increased $1.0 million or
3,800% from the three months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016. Revenue from sales of JMC products
increased by $0.5 million and revenue from a related party attributed to Checkpoint increased by $0.5 million: $0.2 million related
to Checkpoint s collaboration with TGTX on NeuPharma compounds and $0.3 million related to Checkpoint s collaboration
with TGTX on CK-103. 

Research and development
expenses decreased $1.8 million, or 19%, from the three months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September
30, 2016. The decrease is primarily attributed to a decrease in noncash, stock-based compensation expense of $2.8 million,
partially offset by an increase in development costs of $0.6 million consisting of: $2.6 million at Checkpoint and $0.9
million at Helocyte offset by a decrease in the development of TSO of $2.8 million, $0.5 million associated with the purchase
of options for new potential products by Fortress. 

51  

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, licenses acquired decreased by $0.9 million, or 47%, consisting of $1.0 million related to Checkpoint s achievement
of its first development milestone in connection with their EGFR program, offset by the acquisition of the ManNAc license by Escala
and a $0.6 million milestone payment due in connection with our license with Dana-Farber, for the three months ended September
30, 2015. 

General and administrative expenses increased
$1.7 million, or 24%, from the three months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016. The increase
is primarily due to: an increase in employee costs of $0.9 million related to $0.4 million at Fortress to expand our business development
capabilities, $0.3 million at JMC as they expand their sales capabilities, and $0.2 million attributed to Checkpoint; an increase
of $2.9 million of professional fees related to $1.6 million at Fortress, of which $0.9 million relates to legal expenses primarily
due to the National tender offer, $0.3 million at Checkpoint, and $0.7 million at Mustang as both entities build their public company
infrastructure, and the remaining $0.3 million pertains to JMC, Avenue and Helocyte. Stock-compensation expense decreased by $2.8
million of which $2.5 million pertains to the increase in value to a non-employee grant recorded by Checkpoint in the three months
ended September 30, 2015. 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, total other expenses decreased by $1.1 million, or 60%, primarily due to the decrease of $1.4 million in
the expense recorded related to the decrease in the fair value of our investment in Origio Acquisition Corporation, from $1.5
million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
partially offset by an increase of financing fees of $0.3 million associated with Helocyte s convertible notes. 

Non-controlling interests increased $2.3
million, or 135%, from the three months ended September 30, 2015 to the three months ended September 30, 2016. This increase reflects
the increase in costs related to our subsidiaries. 

Comparison of nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015   

Total revenues increased $3.3 million
or 636% from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The increase is due to:
(i) an increase in JMC product revenue of $1.8 million primarily related to revenue generated from the sale of JMC s
two branded products: Luxamend TM  and Ceracade TM , and (ii) $1.5 million in revenue primarily related to
Checkpoint s sublicense arrangement with TGTX. 

Cost of goods sold increased by $0.4 million
or 100% due to the commencement of branded sales by JMC. 

52  

Research and development expenses increased
$8.2 million, or 63%, from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The increase is
attributable to the development of our subsidiary licenses as follows: $0.6 million for Avenue related to its PK study for IV Tramadol;
$6.7 million for Checkpoint related to preclinical and product development activities primarily comprised of $2.7 million related
to Dana-Farber programs; $2.3 million related to Checkpoint s agreement with NeuPharma, $0.7 million for CK-103 and $0.8
million of other; $3.1 million for Helocyte related to its sponsored research agreement with COH, $1.5 million for Triplex and
$1.6 million for PepVax; $0.5 million for Mustang related to its sponsored research agreement with COH; $0.6 million for Escala
related to its funding of research with the NIH; and a decrease of $0.1 million related to other programs. In addition, expenses
related to CNDO -109 increased by $0.2 million, as a result of a milestone payment due to University College of London for completion
of the Phase 1 study offset by a decline in spending of $3.1 million for CNDO - 201. Additionally, non-cash compensation expenses
decreased by $1.3 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease
primarily relates to a decrease of $2.5 million at Fortress due to a one-time expense related to warrants to purchase subsidiary
stock issued to our CEO and Executive Vice President under each such officer s compensation agreement and an increase of
$1.0 million of expenses related to the stock grants by Checkpoint to its employees and $0.4 million related to new stock grants
made by Helocyte. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we invested $2.0 million in a new license acquisition by Checkpoint from Jubilant for compounds that inhibit BRD4, a
member of the BET domain for cancer treatment, or CK-103 and incurred expense of $1.0 million related to dosing of the first patient
in Checkpoint s Phase 1/ 2 clinical trial related to their EGFR program, compared with $10.9 million for the acquisition
of licenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, including our in-licensing of IV Tramadol for $3.0 million, the purchase
by Mustang of Chimeric Antigen Receptor Technology from the COH for $2.2 million, Checkpoint s payment of $1.6 million for
the license to develop a portfolio of fully human immuno-oncology targeted antibodies, Coronado SO Corporation s licensing
of 1UO for $1.6 million, our license from NZP for the development of ManNAc for $1.3 million, our license for EGFR Inhibitors for
$1.0 million (which was transferred to Checkpoint in March 2015), and Helocyte s purchase of $0.2 million to develop novel
immunotherapies for the prevention and treatment of CMV from the COH. 

General and administrative expenses increased
$11.0 million, or 77%, from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This increase
is largely due to a $3.9 million increase related to our subsidiaries consisting of $0.5 million for JMC, $0.2 million for Avenue,
$1.4 million for Checkpoint, $0.4 million for Helocyte, $1.3 million for Mustang and $0.1 million for others, combined with a $4.0
million increase at Fortress of which $2.0 million related to legal fees, $0.9 million for rent for our New York City office and
the remaining $1.0 million related to an increase in professional fees. Employee costs increased by $4.4 million, consisting of
$1.3 million at Fortress, primarily for the expansion of our business development platform, $2.2 million for JMC primarily related
to the expansion of their sales force, $0.6 million for Checkpoint and $0.3 million for Helocyte. Stock-compensation expense decreased
by $1.3 million primarily due to the one-time expense associated with subsidiary warrants granted to our CEO and Executive Vice
Chair in July 2015 offset by expense related to new stock grants made to Checkpoint and Helocyte employees and consultants. 

Total other expenses increased $2.6 million,
or 289%, from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to an increase
of $1.7 million in the value of our investment in Origo Acquisition Corporation, $0.5 million of fees related to the Helocyte debt
offering and $0.3 million associated with Checkpoint s payment of its debt. 

Non-controlling interests increased $9.9
million, or 410%, from the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to the nine months ended September 30, 2016. This increase reflects
the increase in costs related to our subsidiaries. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We may require additional financing to
fully develop and prepare regulatory filings, obtain regulatory approvals for our existing and new product candidates, fund operating
losses, and, if deemed appropriate, establish or secure through third parties manufacturing for our potential products, sales and
marketing capabilities. We have funded our operations to date primarily through the sale of equity and debt securities. We believe
that our current cash is sufficient to fund operations for at least the next twelve months. A failure to raise capital as and when
needed would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategies. We may
seek funds through equity or debt financings, collaborative or other arrangements with corporate sources, or through other sources
of financing. Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available
to us when needed, we may be required to delay, curtail or eliminate one or more of our research and development programs and,
potentially, delay our growth strategy. 

53  

Cash Flows for the Nine Months September
30, 2016 and 2015   

Operating Activities   

Net cash used in operating activities increased
$14.5 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2015, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The increase
in net cash used in operating activities was primarily due to the increase of $11.2 million in net loss, decrease of $6.8 million
related to the acquired licenses and $3.1 million decrease of stock-based compensation expenses, partially offset by an increase
of $3.6 million in changes in operating assets and liabilities, $1.7 million of change in fair value of investments, $0.5 million
of financing fee on Helocyte Convertible Note and $0.4 million related to amortization of license fee. 

Investing Activities   

Net cash used in investing activities decreased
$26.6 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2015, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease
is primarily due to $19.9 million decrease in purchase of marketable securities, $6.8 million decrease in licenses being acquired
in 2016, $4.6 million of net cash acquired in the National acquisition and $0.9 million decrease in purchase of license, offset
by the build-out of the New York City office of $5.7 million. 

Financing Activities   

Net cash provided by financing activities
decreased $3.5 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2015, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
During the first quarter of 2016, we paid-off $2.8 million of the NSC Note, from which the proceeds of $10.0 million were received
in February of 2015. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received $2.7 million in net proceeds from the Helocyte
convertible debt and $5.0 million from the Opus Credit Facility. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments  

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, Helcoyte entered into a Convertible Note, guaranteed by the Company for $3.0 million which matures December 2017. Additionally,
the Company entered into a Credit Facility with Opus, a related party, for a commitment of up to $25.0 million of which $5.0 million
is currently outstanding. Outstanding debt under this facility matures September 2018. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

None. 

Item 3.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risks  

Market risk represents the risk of loss
that may result from the change in value of financial instruments due to fluctuations in their market price. Market risk is inherent
in all financial instruments. Market risk may be exacerbated in times of trading illiquidity when market participants refrain from
transacting in normal quantities and/or at normal bid-offer spreads. Our exposure to market risk is directly related to derivatives,
debt and equity linked instruments related to our financing activities. 

Our assets and liabilities are denominated
in U.S. dollars. Consequently, we have not considered it necessary to use foreign currency contracts or other derivative instruments
to manage changes in currency rates. We do not now, nor do we plan to, use derivative financial instruments for speculative or
trading purposes. However, these circumstances might change. 

The primary quantifiable market risk associated
with our financial instruments is sensitivity to changes in interest rates. Interest rate risk represents the potential loss from
adverse changes in market interest rates. We use an interest rate sensitivity simulation to assess our interest rate risk exposure.
For purposes of presenting the possible earnings effect of a hypothetical, adverse change in interest rates over the 12-month period
from our reporting date, we assume that all interest rate sensitive financial instruments will be impacted by a hypothetical, immediate
100 basis point increase in interest rates as of the beginning of the period. The sensitivity is based upon the hypothetical assumption
that all relevant types of interest rates that affect our results would increase instantaneously, simultaneously and to the same
degree. We do not believe that our cash and equivalents have significant risk of default or illiquidity. 

54  

The sensitivity analyses of the interest
rate sensitive financial instruments are hypothetical and should be used with caution. Changes in fair value based on a 1% or 2%
variation in an estimate generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in the estimate to the change
in fair value may not be linear. Also, the effect of a variation in a particular estimate on the fair value of financial instruments
is calculated independent of changes in any other estimate; in practice, changes in one factor may result in changes in another
factor, which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities. In addition, the sensitivity analyses do not consider any action that
we may take to mitigate the impact of any adverse changes in the key estimates. 

Based on our analysis, as of September
30, 2016, the effect of a 100+/- basis point change in interest rates on the value of our financial instruments and the resultant
effect on our net loss are considered immaterial. 

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness, as of September 30, 2016, of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting  

No change in internal control over financial
reporting occurred during the most recent quarter with respect to our operations, which materially affected, or is reasonable likely
to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   Legal Proceedings  

None. 

Item 1A.   Risk Factors  

Investing in our Common Stock
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all
of the other information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including the consolidated financial statements and the
related notes, as well as the risks, uncertainties and other information set  forth in the  reports and other materials filed
or furnished by our majority-controlled subsidiaries National Holdings Corporation ( NHLD ), Checkpoint
Therapeutics, Inc. ( Checkpoint ) and Mustang Bio, Inc. ( Mustang ) with the SEC, before deciding to
invest in shares of our Common Stock. If any of the following risks or the risks included in the public filings of
NHLD, Checkpoint or Mustang were to materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future
growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Common Stock could
decline and you could lose part of or all of your investment in our Common Stock. 

Risks Related to our Growth Strategy  

If we acquire, enter into joint ventures
with or obtain a controlling interest in companies in the future, it could adversely affect our operating results and the value
of our Common Stock thereby diluting stockholder value and disrupt our business.  

As part of our growth strategy, we might
acquire, enter into joint ventures with, or obtain a significant ownership stake in other companies. Acquisitions, joint ventures
and investments in other companies, such as our recent acquisition of a controlling interest in NHLD, involve numerous risks, including: 

risk of entering new
markets in which we have little to no experience;  

risk that our subsidiaries cannot generate significant or any revenue due to various uncertainties relevant to their products
and services (including, in the case of our public company subsidiaries, those set forth in their public filings) and therefore
that the value of their stock declines;   

diversion of financial
and managerial resources from existing operations;  

successfully negotiating
a proposed acquisition or investment timely and at a price or on terms and conditions favorable to us;  

55  

the impact of regulatory
reviews on a proposed acquisition or investment;  

the outcome of any legal
proceedings that may be instituted with respect to the proposed acquisitions or investment;  

with respect to an acquisition,
difficulties in integrating operations, technologies, services and personnel; and  

potential inability
to maintain relationships with customers of the companies we may acquire or invest in.  

If we fail to properly evaluate potential
acquisitions, joint ventures or investments, we might not achieve the anticipated benefits of any such transaction, we might incur
costs in excess of what we anticipate, and management resources and attention might be diverted from other necessary or valuable
activities. 

If certain of our subsidiaries cannot
innovate and develop products and services and/or continue to commercialize biopharmaceutical products or grow their respective
businesses, we may not be able to generate revenue.  

Our growth strategy also depends on our
and our subsidiaries  ability to generate revenue. If we and our subsidiaries cannot innovate and develop products and services
or continue to commercialize current and future biopharmaceutical products or grow their respective businesses, we may not be able
to generate revenue growth as anticipated. 

We may not be able to generate returns
for our investors if certain of our subsidiaries, most of which have limited or no operating history, no commercialized revenue
generating products, and are not yet profitable, cannot obtain additional third-party financing.  

As part of our growth strategy, we have
made and will likely continue to make substantial investments in our subsidiaries, which at the time of investment, generally have
limited or no operating history, no commercialized revenue generating products, and require additional third-party financing to
fund product and services development or acquisitions. Our business depends in large part on one or more of our subsidiaries 
ability to innovate, in-license, acquire or invest in successful biopharmaceutical products, develop financial services and/or
acquire companies in increasingly competitive and highly regulated markets. If certain of our subsidiaries do not successfully
obtain additional third-party financing to commercialize products, successfully acquire companies or participate in the financial
services industry, as applicable, the value of our investments and our business may be materially adversely affected. 

If we cannot continue to fund our and
certain of our subsidiaries  research and development programs, we and our subsidiaries may be required to reduce product
development, which will adversely impact our growth strategy.  

Our and certain of our subsidiaries 
research and development ( R D ) programs will require substantial additional capital to conduct research, preclinical
testing and human studies, establish pilot scale and commercial scale manufacturing processes and facilities, and establish and
develop quality control, regulatory, marketing, sales and administrative capabilities to support these programs. We expect to fund
our and certain of our subsidiaries  R D activities from a combination of cash generated from royalties and milestones
from our partners in various past and future collaborations and additional equity or debt financings from third parties. These
financings could depress our stock price. If additional funds are required to support our or our subsidiaries  operations
and such funds cannot be obtained on favorable terms, we and certain of our subsidiaries may not be able to develop products, which
will adversely impact our growth strategy. 

Collaborative relationships with third
parties could cause us or certain of our subsidiaries to expend significant resources and incur substantial business risk with
no assurance of financial return.  

We anticipate substantial reliance upon
strategic collaborations for marketing and commercializing our and certain of our subsidiaries  existing product candidates,
and we and our subsidiaries may rely even more on strategic collaborations for R D of other product candidates. We and certain
of our subsidiaries may sell product offerings through strategic partnerships with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.
If we or our subsidiaries are unable to establish or manage such strategic collaborations on terms favorable to us in the future,
our revenue and drug development may be limited. 

If we or certain of our
subsidiaries enter into R D collaborations during the early phases of drug development, success will in part depend on
the performance of research collaborators. Neither we nor certain of our subsidiaries will directly control the amount or
timing of resources devoted by research collaborators to activities related to product candidates. Research collaborators may
not commit sufficient resources to our or our subsidiaries  R D programs. If any research collaborator fails to
commit sufficient resources, the preclinical or clinical development programs related to the collaboration could be delayed
or terminated. Also, collaborators may pursue existing or other development-stage products or alternative technologies
in preference to those being developed in collaboration with us or our subsidiaries. Finally, if we or certain of our
subsidiaries fail to make required milestone or royalty payments to collaborators or to observe other obligations in
agreements with them, the collaborators may have the right to terminate or stop performance of those agreements. 

Establishing strategic collaborations is
difficult and time-consuming. Our and certain of our subsidiaries  discussions with potential collaborators may not lead
to the establishment of collaborations on favorable terms, if at all. Potential collaborators may reject collaborations based upon
their assessment of our and our subsidiaries  financial, regulatory or intellectual property position. Even if we or our
subsidiaries successfully establish new collaborations, these relationships may never result in the successful development or commercialization
of product candidates or the generation of sales revenue. To the extent that we or our subsidiaries enter into collaborative arrangements,
the related product revenues are likely to be lower than if we or our subsidiaries directly marketed and sold products. 

56  

Management of our relationships with collaborators
will require: 

significant time and effort from our management team, as well as from the management teams of our subsidiaries;   

coordination of our and certain of our subsidiaries  marketing and R D programs
    with     the respective marketing and R D priorities of our collaborators; and   

effective allocation of our and our subsidiaries  resources to multiple projects.   

As we continue to execute our growth
strategy, we may be subject to further government regulation which would adversely affect our operations.  

If we engage in business combinations and
other transactions that result in our Company holding passive investment interests in a number of entities, we may become subject
to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ). If we do become
subject to the Investment Company Act, we would be required to register as an investment company and could be expected to incur
significant registration and compliance costs in the future. 

We may not be able to manage our anticipated
growth, which may in turn adversely impact our business.  

We will need to continue to expend funds
on improving our infrastructure to address our anticipated growth. Acquisitions of companies or products could place a strain on
our management, and administrative, operational and financial systems. In addition, we may need to hire, train and manage more
employees, focusing on their integration with our Company and corporate culture. Integration and management issues associated with
increased acquisitions may require a disproportionate amount of our management s time and attention and distract our management
from other activities related to running our business. 

We may not be able to hire or retain
key officers or employees for our Company, and in some cases, our subsidiaries, to implement our business strategy and develop
products and businesses.  

Our success depends significantly on the
continued contributions of our executive officers, financial, scientific and technical personnel and consultants, and on our ability
to attract additional personnel for our Company and, in some cases, our subsidiaries as we continue to implement our growth strategy
and acquire and invest in companies with varied businesses. During our and our subsidiaries  operating history, many essential
responsibilities have been assigned to a relatively small number of individuals. However, as we continue to implement our growth
strategy and our subsidiaries grow, the demands on our key employees will expand and we will need to recruit additional qualified
employees for our Company and, possibly, for our subsidiaries. The competition for such qualified personnel is intense, and the
loss of services of certain key personnel or our or our subsidiaries  inability to attract additional personnel to fill critical
positions could adversely affect our business. 

We currently depend heavily upon the efforts
and abilities of our management team and the management teams of our subsidiaries. The loss or unavailability of the services of
any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results. In addition,
we have not obtained, do not own, nor are we the beneficiary of key-person life insurance for all of our and our subsidiaries 
key personnel. We only maintain a limited amount of directors  and officers  liability insurance coverage to protect
all of our directors and executive officers taken together (and those of our subsidiaries). There can be no assurance that this
coverage will be sufficient to cover the costs of the events that may lead to its invocation, in which case, there could be a substantial
impact on our and our subsidiaries  ability to continue operations. 

Certain of our officers and directors
serve in similar roles with our subsidiaries, affiliates, related parties and other parties with whom we transact business; ongoing
and future relationships and transactions between these parties could result in conflicts of interest . 

We share directors and/or
officers with certain of our subsidiaries, affiliates, related parties or other companies with which we transact business,
and such arrangements could create conflicts of interest in the future, including with respect to the allocation of
corporate opportunities.  While we believe that we have put in place policies and procedures to identify such conflicts
and that any existing agreements that may give rise to such conflicts and any such policies or procedures were negotiated at
arm s length in conformity with fiduciary duties, such conflicts of interest may nonetheless arise.  The existence
and consequences of such potential conflicts could expose us and our subsidiaries to lost profits, claims by our investors
and creditors, and harm to our and our subsidiaries  results of operations. 

57  

Risks Related to Our Biopharmaceutical
Business and Industry  

We are an early-stage company, with
limited operating history upon which stockholders can base an investment decision.  

We remain primarily an early-stage biopharmaceutical
company and certain of our subsidiaries, on whose success we largely rely, are also early-stage biopharmaceutical companies. To
date, we and certain of our subsidiaries have engaged primarily in R D and investment activities and have not generated any
revenues from product sales. We and certain of our subsidiaries have incurred significant net losses since our inception. As of
September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $227.8 million. We and certain of our subsidiaries have not
demonstrated our ability to perform the functions necessary for the successful commercialization of any of our products. The successful
commercialization of our and certain of our subsidiaries  products will require us and our subsidiaries to perform a variety
of functions, including: 

identifying, developing,
and commercializing product candidates;  

entering into successful
licensing and other arrangements with product development partners;  

continuing to undertake
pre-clinical development and clinical trials;  

participating in regulatory
approval processes;  

formulating and manufacturing
products; and  

conducting sales and
marketing activities.  

Our operations have been limited to organizing
and staffing our Company (and in some cases our subsidiaries), acquiring, developing and securing the proprietary rights for, and
undertaking pre-clinical development and clinical trials of product candidates, and making investments in other companies. These
operations provide a limited basis for our stockholders and prospective investors to assess our ability to commercialize product
candidates, develop potential product candidates and make successful investments in other companies, as well as for you to assess
the advisability of investing in our securities. Each of these requirements will require substantial time, effort and financial
resources. 

If we or certain of our subsidiaries
are unable to establish or maintain sales and marketing capabilities or fail to enter into agreements with third parties to market,
distribute and sell products that may be successfully developed, neither we nor our subsidiaries may be able to effectively market
and sell products and continue to generate product revenue.  

Neither we nor our biopharmaceutical
subsidiaries (other than Journey Medical Corporation) currently have the infrastructure for the sales, marketing and
distribution of any of our product candidates, and we and certain of our subsidiaries must build and maintain this
infrastructure or make arrangements with third parties to perform these functions in order to continue to commercialize any
products that we may successfully develop. The establishment and development of a sales force, either by us, certain of our
subsidiaries or jointly with a partner, or the establishment of a contract sales force to market any products we or our
subsidiaries may develop is expensive and time-consuming and could delay any product launch or compromise the successful
commercialization of products. If we, certain of our subsidiaries, or our respective partners, are unable to establish and
maintain sales and marketing capability or any other non-technical capabilities necessary to commercialize any products that
may be successfully developed, we or certain of our subsidiaries will need to contract with third parties to market and sell
such products. We or certain of our subsidiaries may not be able to establish arrangements with third parties on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

If any of our or certain of our subsidiaries 
product candidates that are successfully developed do not achieve broad market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare
payors and the medical community, the revenues that any such product candidates generate from sales will be limited.  

Even if our or certain of our subsidiaries 
product candidates receive regulatory approval, they may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payors
and the medical community. Coverage and reimbursement of our or certain of our subsidiaries  product candidates by third-party payors,
including government payors, generally is also necessary for commercial success. The degree of market acceptance of any approved
products will depend on a number of factors, including: 

the efficacy and safety
as demonstrated in clinical trials;  

the timing of market
introduction of such product candidate as well as competitive products;  

the clinical indications
for which the product is approved;  

acceptance by physicians,
major operators of hospitals and clinics and patients of the product as a safe and effective treatment;  

the potential and perceived
advantages of product candidates over alternative treatments;  

the safety of product
candidates seen in a broader patient group, including its use outside the approved indications;  

the cost of treatment
in relation to alternative treatments;  

the availability of
adequate reimbursement and pricing by third parties and government authorities;  

58  

the approval, availability,
market acceptance and reimbursement for a companion diagnostic, if any;  

relative convenience
and ease of administration;  

the prevalence and severity
of side effects and adverse events;  

the effectiveness of
our sales and marketing efforts; and  

unfavorable publicity
relating to the product.  

If any product candidate is approved but
does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, hospitals, healthcare payors and patients, we or certain of our subsidiaries
may not generate sufficient revenue from these products and in turn we may not become or remain profitable. 

Healthcare reform and restrictions on
reimbursements may limit our financial returns.  

Our ability and the ability of certain
of our subsidiaries and all of our respective collaborators to commercialize product candidates that are successfully developed
may depend, in part, on the extent to which government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations
will reimburse consumers for the cost of these products. These third parties are increasingly challenging both the need for and
the price of new drug products. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved therapeutics. Adequate
third-party reimbursement may not be available for our or certain of our subsidiaries  product candidates, which would prevent
those product candidates from selling at price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on investments in research and
product development. 

Failure to be included in formularies
developed by managed care organizations and coverage by other organizations may negatively impact the utilization of our and certain of our
subsidiaries  products, which could harm our and our subsidiaries  market share and could have a material adverse effect
on our business and financial condition.  

Managed care organizations and other third
party payors try to negotiate the pricing of medical services and products to control their costs. Managed care organizations and
pharmacy benefit managers typically develop formularies to reduce their cost for medications. Formularies can be based on the prices
and therapeutic benefits of the available products. Due to their lower costs, generic products are often favored. The breadth of
the products covered by formularies varies considerably from one managed care organization to another, and many formularies include
alternative and competitive products for treatment of particular medical conditions. Failure to be included in such formularies
or to achieve favorable formulary status may negatively impact the utilization and market share of our and certain of our subsidiaries 
products. If our and our subsidiaries  products are not included within an adequate number of formularies or adequate reimbursement
levels are not provided, or if those policies increasingly favor generic products, this could have a material adverse effect on
our business and financial condition 

Our existing product candidate and certain of our
subsidiaries  product candidates are at an early stage of development and may not be successfully developed or commercialized.  

Our existing product candidate, CNDO-109,
and most of our subsidiaries  product candidates remain in the early stage of development and will require substantial further
capital expenditures, development, testing and regulatory clearances prior to commercialization. The development and regulatory
approval process takes several years and it is not likely that CNDO-109 or all our subsidiaries  product candidates, even
if successfully developed and approved by the FDA, would be commercially available for several years. Of the large number of drugs
in development, only a small percentage successfully completes the FDA regulatory approval process and is commercialized. Accordingly,
even if we and our subsidiaries are able to obtain the requisite financing to fund development programs, we cannot assure you that
any of our or our subsidiaries  product candidates will be successfully developed or commercialized, which could result in
the failure of our business and a loss of your investment in our Company. 

Because we and certain of our subsidiaries
in-license certain product candidates from third parties, any dispute with the licensors or the non-performance of such license
agreements may adversely affect our and our subsidiaries  ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product candidates.  

All of our existing product candidates
and certain of our subsidiaries  product candidates, including related intellectual property rights, were in-licensed from
third parties. Under the terms of the license agreements, the licensors generally have the right to terminate such agreements in
the event of a material breach. The licenses require us and certain of our subsidiaries to make annual, milestone or other payments
prior to commercialization of any product and our and our subsidiaries  ability to make these payments depends on the ability
to generate cash in the future. These license agreements also generally require the use of diligent and reasonable efforts to develop
and commercialize product candidates. 

If there is any conflict, dispute, disagreement
or issue of non-performance between us or one of our subsidiaries, on the one hand, and the respective licensing partner, on the
other hand, regarding the rights or obligations under the license agreements, including any conflict, dispute or disagreement arising
from a failure to satisfy payment obligations under such agreements, the ability to develop and commercialize the affected product
candidate may be adversely affected. 

59  

Product candidates we or certain of
our subsidiaries advance into clinical trials may not receive regulatory approval.  

Pharmaceutical development has inherent
risk. We and certain of our subsidiaries will be required to demonstrate through well-controlled clinical trials that product candidates
are effective with a favorable benefit-risk profile for use in their target indications before seeking regulatory approvals for
their commercial sale. Success in early clinical trials does not mean that later clinical trials will be successful as product
candidates in later-stage clinical trials may fail to demonstrate sufficient safety or efficacy despite having progressed through
initial clinical testing. Also, we or our subsidiaries may need to conduct additional clinical trials that are not currently anticipated.
Companies frequently suffer significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after earlier clinical trials have shown promising
results. As a result, product candidates we or our subsidiaries advance into clinical trials may not receive regulatory approval. 

In addition, even if our or certain
of  our subsidiaries  product candidates were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of such
product candidates or any future product candidate for fewer or more limited indications than we or our subsidiaries request,
may not approve the price we or our subsidiaries intend to charge for our products, may grant approval contingent on the
performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include
the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of these
scenarios could compromise the commercial prospects for one or more of our or our subsidiaries current or future product
candidates. 

Any product candidates we or certain
of our subsidiaries advance into clinical development are subject to extensive regulation, which can be costly and time consuming,
cause unanticipated delays or prevent the receipt of the required approvals to commercialize product candidates.  

The clinical development, manufacturing,
labeling, storage, record-keeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution of any product candidate,
including our product candidate CNDO-109, and certain of our subsidiaries  product candidates, is subject to extensive regulation by
the FDA in the United States and by comparable health authorities in foreign markets. In the United States, neither we nor our
subsidiaries are permitted to market our product candidates until such product candidate s Biologics License Application
( BLA ) or New Drug Application is approved by the FDA. The process of obtaining approval is expensive, often takes
many years and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the products involved. Our development of
CNDO-109, which is an individualized immunotherapy, may in particular be affected because to date the FDA has only approved one
individualized immunotherapy treatment. Certain of our subsidiaries  development of individualized immunotherapies, if any, will face
similar challenges. In addition to the significant clinical testing requirements, our and our subsidiaries  ability to obtain
marketing approval for product candidates depends on obtaining the final results of required non-clinical testing, including characterization
of the manufactured components of our product candidates and validation of our and our subsidiaries  manufacturing processes.
The FDA may determine that our or our subsidiaries  product manufacturing processes, testing procedures or facilities are
insufficient to justify approval. Approval policies or regulations may change and the FDA has substantial discretion in the pharmaceutical
approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. Despite the time
and expense invested in clinical development of product candidates, regulatory approval is never guaranteed. 

The FDA and other regulatory agencies can
delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including, but not limited to: 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials or those of certain of our subsidiaries;   

our or certain of our subsidiaries  inability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA that a product candidate is safe and effective for any indication;   

the FDA may not accept clinical data from trials which are conducted by individual investigators or in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from that of the United States;   

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA for approval;   

the FDA may disagree with the interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials;   

the FDA may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities or those of third-party manufacturers with which we, or certain of our subsidiaries or our respective collaborators contract for clinical and commercial supplies; or   

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA may significantly change in a manner rendering the clinical data insufficient for approval.   

With respect to foreign markets, approval procedures vary among
countries and, in addition to the aforementioned risks, can involve additional product testing, administrative review periods and
agreements with pricing authorities. In addition, recent events raising questions about the safety of certain marketed pharmaceuticals
may result in increased cautiousness by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities in reviewing new pharmaceuticals
based on safety, efficacy or other regulatory considerations and may result in significant delays in obtaining regulatory approvals.
Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approvals would prevent us or our subsidiaries from commercializing
our product candidates. 

60  

Any product candidate we or certain of our subsidiaries
advance into clinical trials may cause unacceptable adverse events or have other properties that may delay or prevent their regulatory
approval or commercialization or limit their commercial potential.  

Unacceptable adverse events caused by any
of our or certain of our subsidiaries  product candidates that we advance into clinical trials could cause regulatory authorities to
interrupt, delay or stop clinical trials and could result in the denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities
for any or all targeted indications and markets. This, in turn, could prevent us or our subsidiaries from commercializing the affected
product candidate and generating revenues from its sale. For example, in Phase 1/2 oncology trials, dose limiting toxicity ( DLT )
stopping rules are commonly applied. 

Neither we nor certain of our subsidiaries have completed
testing of all our product candidates for the treatment of the indications for which we intend to seek product approval in humans,
and we currently do not know the extent of adverse events, if any, that will be observed in patients who receive any of our or
our subsidiaries  product candidates. If any of our or our subsidiaries  product candidates cause unacceptable adverse
events in clinical trials, neither we nor our subsidiaries may be able to obtain regulatory approval or commercialize such products
or, if such product candidates are approved for marketing, future adverse events could cause us or our subsidiaries to withdraw
such products from the market. 

Delays in the commencement of our clinical
trials could result in increased costs and delay our or certain of our subsidiaries  ability to pursue regulatory approval.  

The commencement of clinical trials can
be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in: 

obtaining regulatory
clearance to commence a clinical trial;  

identifying, recruiting
and training suitable clinical investigators;  

reaching agreement on
acceptable terms with prospective clinical research organizations ( CROs ) and trial sites, the terms of which can
be subject to extensive negotiation, may be subject to modification from time to time and may vary significantly among different
CROs and trial sites;  

obtaining sufficient
quantities of a product candidate for use in clinical trials;  

obtaining Institutional
Review Board ( IRB ) or ethics committee approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site;  

identifying, recruiting
and enrolling patients to participate in a clinical trial; and  

retaining patients who
have initiated a clinical trial but may withdraw due to adverse events from the therapy, insufficient efficacy, fatigue with the
clinical trial process or personal issues.  

Any delays in the commencement of our or
certain of our subsidiaries  clinical trials will delay our or our subsidiaries  ability to pursue regulatory approval for product
candidates. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement of clinical trials may also ultimately
lead to the denial of regulatory approval of a product candidate. 

Suspensions or delays in the completion
of clinical testing could result in increased costs and delay or prevent our or certain of our subsidiaries  ability to complete development
of that product or generate product revenues.  

Once a clinical trial has begun, patient
recruitment and enrollment may be slower than we anticipate. Clinical trials may also be delayed as a result of ambiguous or negative
interim results or difficulties in obtaining sufficient quantities of product manufactured in accordance with regulatory requirements
and on a timely basis. Further, a clinical trial may be modified, suspended or terminated by us or our subsidiaries, an IRB, an
ethics committee or a data safety monitoring committee overseeing the clinical trial, any clinical trial site with respect to that
site, or the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including: 

failure to conduct the
clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols;  

inspection of the clinical
trial operations or clinical trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold;  

stopping rules contained
in the protocol;  

unforeseen safety issues
or any determination that the clinical trial presents unacceptable health risks; and  

lack of adequate funding
to continue the clinical trial.  

61  

Changes in regulatory requirements and
guidance also may occur and we or certain of our subsidiaries may need to amend clinical trial protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments
may require us or certain of our subsidiaries to resubmit clinical trial protocols to IRBs for re-examination, which may in turn impact the
costs and timing of, and the likelihood of successfully completing, a clinical trial. If we or our subsidiaries experience delays
in the completion of, or if we must suspend or terminate, any clinical trial of any product candidate, our ability to obtain regulatory
approval for that product candidate will be delayed and the commercial prospects, if any, for the product candidate may suffer
as a result. In addition, many of these factors may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of a product candidate. 

Even if approved, any product candidates
that we or certain of our subsidiaries may develop and market may be later withdrawn from the market or subject to promotional limitations.  

Neither we nor certain of  our
subsidiaries may be able to obtain the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the promotion of our product candidates if
approved. We and our subsidiaries may also be required to undertake post-marketing clinical trials. If the results of such
post-marketing studies are not satisfactory or if adverse events or other safety issues arise after approval, the FDA or a
comparable regulatory agency in another country may withdraw marketing authorization or may condition continued marketing on
commitments from us or our subsidiaries that may be expensive and/or time consuming to complete. In addition, if we or others
identify adverse side effects after any of our or our subsidiaries  products are on the market, or if manufacturing
problems occur, regulatory approval may be withdrawn and reformulation of our or our subsidiaries  products, additional
clinical trials, changes in labeling of our or our subsidiaries  products and additional marketing applications may be
required. Any reformulation or labeling changes may limit the marketability of such products if approved. 

We and certain of our subsidiaries currently
rely on third parties to manufacture our preclinical and clinical pharmaceutical supplies and expect to continue to rely on them
and other contractors to produce commercial supplies of our products, and our dependence on third-party suppliers could adversely
impact our business.  

We and certain of our subsidiaries depend
on third party manufacturers for product supply. If our or our subsidiaries  contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture
material that conforms to our specifications and with FDA regulatory requirements, we will not be able to secure and/or maintain
FDA approval for those products. Our and our subsidiaries  third-party suppliers will be required to maintain compliance
with cGMPs and will be subject to inspections by the FDA and comparable agencies in other jurisdictions to confirm such compliance.
In the event that the FDA or such other agencies determine that our third-party suppliers have not complied with cGMP, the relevant
clinical trials could be terminated or subjected to a clinical hold until such time as we are able to obtain appropriate replacement
material. Any delay, interruption or other issues that arise in the manufacture, packaging, or storage of our products as a result
of a failure of the facilities or operations of our third-party suppliers to pass any regulatory agency inspection could significantly
impair our ability to develop and commercialize our and our subsidiaries  products. 

We and certain of our subsidiaries also
rely on our manufacturers to purchase from third-party suppliers the materials necessary to produce product candidates for anticipated
clinical trials. There are a small number of suppliers for certain capital equipment and raw materials that are used to manufacture
those products. We do not have any control over the process or timing of the acquisition of these raw materials by our manufacturers.
Moreover, we currently do not have any agreements for the commercial production of these raw materials. Any significant delay in
the supply the raw material components for an ongoing clinical trial could considerably delay completion of our clinical trials,
product testing and potential regulatory approval. 

We do not expect to have the resources
or capacity to commercially manufacture our and certain of our subsidiaries  products, if approved, and will likely continue to be dependent
upon third-party manufacturers. Our dependence on third parties to manufacture and supply clinical trial materials and any approved
products may adversely affect our and our subsidiaries  ability to develop and commercialize products on a timely basis or
at all. 

We and certain of our subsidiaries rely
on third parties to conduct clinical trials. If these third parties do not meet agreed upon deadlines or otherwise conduct the
trials as required, our or our subsidiaries  clinical development programs could be delayed or unsuccessful and neither we
nor our subsidiaries may be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates when expected or at
all.  

Neither we nor certain of our subsidiaries have the
ability to conduct all aspects of our preclinical testing or clinical trials ourselves. We and certain of our subsidiaries intend
to and do use CROs to conduct planned clinical trials and will and do rely upon such CROs, as well as medical institutions, clinical
investigators and consultants, to conduct our trials in accordance with specified clinical protocols. These CROs, investigators
and other third parties will and do play a significant role in the conduct of our and certain of our subsidiaries  trials
and the subsequent collection and analysis of data from the clinical trials. 

There is no guarantee that any CROs, investigators
and other third parties upon which we and our subsidiaries rely for administration and conduct of our clinical trials will devote
adequate time and resources to such trials or perform as contractually required. If any of these third parties fail to meet expected
deadlines, fail to adhere to our clinical protocols or otherwise perform in a substandard manner, our or our subsidiaries 
clinical trials may be extended delayed or terminated. If any of the clinical trial sites terminate for any reason, we or our subsidiaries
may lose follow-up information on patients enrolled in our ongoing clinical trials unless the care of those patients is transferred
to another qualified clinical trial site. In addition, principal investigators for our and our subsidiaries  clinical trials
may serve as scientific advisers or consultants to us from time to time and receive cash or equity compensation in connection with
such services. If these relationships and any related compensation result in perceived or actual conflicts of interest, the integrity
of the data generated at the applicable clinical trial site may be jeopardized. 

62  

If our competitors develop treatments
for any of the target indications of our or certain of our subsidiaries  product candidates that are approved more quickly, marketed
more successfully or demonstrated to be more effective, the commercial opportunity with respect to that product candidate will
be reduced or eliminated.  

We and certain of our subsidiaries operate
in highly competitive segments of the biopharmaceutical markets and face competition from many different sources, including commercial
pharmaceutical enterprises, academic institutions, government agencies, and private and public research institutions. Our and our
subsidiaries  product candidates, if successfully developed and approved, will compete with established therapies, as well
as new treatments that may be introduced by our competitors. Many of our and our subsidiaries  competitors have significantly
greater financial, product development, manufacturing and marketing resources than us. Large pharmaceutical companies have extensive
experience in clinical testing and obtaining regulatory approval for drugs. In addition, many universities and private and public
research institutes are active in cancer research, some in direct competition with us. Smaller or early-stage companies may also
prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. New
developments, including the development of other biological and pharmaceutical technologies and methods of treating disease, occur
in the pharmaceutical and life sciences industries at a rapid pace. Developments by competitors may render our and our subsidiaries 
product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive. We and our subsidiaries will also face competition from these third parties in establishing
clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials and in identifying and in-licensing new product candidates. 

We or certain of our subsidiaries may
incur substantial product liability or indemnification claims relating to the clinical testing of product candidates.  

We and certain of our subsidiaries face
an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of product candidates in human clinical trials, and claims
could be brought against us if use or misuse of one of our or our subsidiaries  product candidates causes, or merely appears
to have caused, personal injury or death. While we and our subsidiaries have and/or intend to maintain product liability insurance
relating to clinical trials, that coverage may not be sufficient to cover potential claims and we or our subsidiaries may be unable
to maintain such insurance. Any claims against us or our subsidiaries, regardless of their merit, could severely harm our or our
subsidiaries  financial condition, strain management and other resources or destroy the prospects for commercialization of
the product which is the subject of any such claim. We are unable to predict if we or our subsidiaries will be able to obtain or
maintain product liability insurance for any products that may be approved for marketing. Additionally, we and certain of our subsidiaries
have entered into various agreements where we indemnify third parties for certain claims relating to product candidates. These
indemnification obligations may require us or our subsidiaries to pay significant sums of money for claims that are covered by
these indemnifications. 

We and certain of our subsidiaries use
biological materials and may use hazardous materials, and any claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these
materials could be time consuming and costly.  

We and certain of our subsidiaries may
use hazardous materials, including chemicals and biological agents and compounds that could be dangerous to human health and safety
or the environment. Our and certain of our subsidiaries  operations may also produce hazardous waste products. Federal, state
and local laws and regulations govern the use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and wastes.
Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations may be expensive, and current or future environmental laws and regulations
may impair our product development efforts. In addition, neither we nor our subsidiaries can entirely eliminate the risk of accidental
injury or contamination from these materials or wastes. Neither we nor our subsidiaries carry specific biological or hazardous
waste insurance coverage and our property and casualty and general liability insurance policies specifically exclude coverage for
damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination
or injury, we or any of our subsidiaries could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines in an amount exceeding our respective
resources, and clinical trials or regulatory approvals could be suspended. 

Although we maintain workers  compensation
insurance to cover costs and expenses incurred due to injuries to our and our subsidiaries  employees resulting from the
use of hazardous materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Neither we nor our
subsidiaries maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted in connection with the storage
or disposal of biological or hazardous materials. 

In addition, we may incur substantial costs
in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and
regulations may impair our research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also
may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 

63  

Our
success depends upon our and certain of our subsidiaries  ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property rights and
take advantage of certain regulatory market exclusivity periods.   

Our
success depends, in large part, on our and certain of our subsidiaries  ability to obtain patent protection for product
candidates and their formulations and uses. The patent application process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and
there can be no assurance that we, our subsidiaries, or our respective partners will be successful by obtaining patents. These
risks and uncertainties include the following:  

patent applications
may not result in any patents being issued;  

our and our subsidiaries 
competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources than us, our subsidiaries, or our partners, and many of which
have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek, or may already have obtained, patents that may limit or
interfere with our or our subsidiaries  ability to make, use, and sell potential product candidates;  

there may be significant
pressure on the U.S. government and other international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside
and outside the United States for disease treatments that prove successful as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health
concerns; and  

countries other than
the United States may have patent laws less favorable to patentees than those upheld by U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors
a better opportunity to create, develop and market competing products.  

In addition, patents that may be issued
or in-licensed may be challenged, invalidated, modified, revoked, circumvented, found to be unenforceable, or otherwise may not
provide any competitive advantage. Third parties are often responsible for maintaining patent protection for our product candidates
and those of our subsidiaries. For example, UCLB is responsible for prosecuting and maintaining patent protection for CNDO-109,
at our expense for our territories. If UCLB fails to appropriately prosecute and maintain patent protection for this product candidate,
our ability to develop and commercialize CNDO-109 may be adversely affected and we may not be able to prevent competitors from
making, using and selling competing products. This failure to properly protect intellectual property rights relating to any of
our or our subsidiaries  product candidates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

In addition, U.S. patent laws may change,
which could prevent or limit us or our subsidiaries from filing patent applications or patent claims to protect products and/or
technologies or limit the exclusivity periods that are available to patent holders. For example, on September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith
America Invents Act (the  Leahy-Smith Act ), was signed into law, and includes a number of significant changes to U.S.
patent law. These include changes to transition from a  first-to-invent  system to a  first-to-file  system
and to the way issued patents are challenged. The formation of the Patent Trial and Appeal Board now provides a quicker and less
expensive process for challenging issued patents. These changes may favor larger and more established companies that have more
resources to devote to patent application filing and prosecution. The PTO implemented the America Invents Act on March 16, 2013. 

We and our subsidiaries and our respective
partners also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to protect product candidates. Although we have taken steps to protect
our and our subsidiaries  trade secrets and unpatented know-how, including entering into confidentiality agreements with
third parties, and confidential information and inventions agreements with employees, consultants and advisers, third parties may
still come upon this same or similar information independently. 

We also may rely on the regulatory period
of market exclusivity for any of our or our subsidiaries  biologic product candidates that are successfully developed and
approved for commercialization. Although this period in the United States is currently 12 years from the date of marketing approval,
there is a risk that the U.S. Congress could amend laws to significantly shorten this exclusivity period, as proposed by President
Obama. Once any regulatory period of exclusivity expires, depending on the status of our and our subsidiaries  patent coverage
and the nature of the product, we may not be able to prevent others from marketing products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable
with our or our subsidiaries  products, which would materially adversely affect us. 

If we, certain of our subsidiaries or our respective partners are sued
for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, it will be costly and time consuming, and an unfavorable outcome
in that litigation would have a material adverse effect on our business.  

Our success also depends on our ability,
many of our subsidiaries  ability and the ability of any of our respective current or future collaborators to develop, manufacture,
market and sell product candidates without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued
patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we and our subsidiaries
are developing products, some of which may be directed at claims that overlap with the subject matter of our or our subsidiaries 
intellectual property. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications, unknown
to us, which may later result in issued patents that our or our subsidiaries  product candidates or proprietary technologies
may infringe. Similarly, there may be issued patents relevant to our or our subsidiaries  product candidates of which we
are not aware. 

There is a substantial amount of litigation
involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries generally. If a third
party claims that we, our subsidiaries or any of our respective licensors, suppliers or collaborators infringe the third party s
intellectual property rights, we or our subsidiaries may have to: 

obtain licenses, which
may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all;  

abandon an infringing
product candidate or redesign products or processes to avoid infringement;  

pay substantial damages,
including the possibility of treble damages and attorneys  fees, if a court decides that the product or proprietary technology
at issue infringes on or violates the third party s rights;  

64  

pay substantial royalties,
fees and/or grant cross-licenses to product candidates; and/or  

defend litigation or
administrative proceedings which may be costly regardless of outcome, and which could result in a substantial diversion of financial
and management resources.  

We or certain of our subsidiaries may
be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce patents or the patents of licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming and
unsuccessful.  

Competitors may infringe our or certain
of our subsidiaries  patents or the patents of our respective licensors. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we
may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming. An adverse result in any litigation or
defense proceedings could put one or more of our or our subsidiaries  patents at risk of being invalidated, found to be unenforceable,
or interpreted narrowly and could likewise put patent applications at risk of not issuing. Furthermore, because of the substantial
amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our or our subsidiaries 
confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. 

We or certain of our subsidiaries may
be subject to claims that our or our subsidiaries  consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed
to us or our subsidiaries alleged trade secrets of their other clients or former employers.  

As is common in the biopharmaceutical industry,
we and certain of our subsidiaries engage the services of consultants to assist in the development of product candidates. Many
of these consultants were previously employed at, or may have previously been or are currently providing consulting services to,
other pharmaceutical companies, including our and our subsidiaries  competitors or potential competitors. We or our subsidiaries
may become subject to claims related to whether these consultants have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets
or other proprietary information of their former employers or their former or current customers. Litigation may be necessary to
defend against these claims. Even if we or our subsidiaries are successful in defending these claims, litigation could result in
substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

Any product for which we or our subsidiaries
obtain marketing approval could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market and we or our subsidiaries may be subject
to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with products, when and
if any of them are approved.  

Any product for which we or our subsidiaries
obtain marketing approval, along with the manufacturing processes and facilities, post-approval clinical data, labeling, advertising
and promotional activities for such product, will be subject to continual requirements of and review by the FDA and comparable
regulatory authorities. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration
requirements, cGMP requirements relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents,
requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping. Even if we or our subsidiaries obtain regulatory
approval of a product, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or
to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety
or efficacy of the product. We or our subsidiaries also may be subject to state laws and registration requirements covering the
distribution of products. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes,
or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in actions such as: 

restrictions on product
manufacturing, distribution or use;  

restrictions on the
labeling or marketing of a product;  

requirements to conduct
post-marketing studies or clinical trials;  

warning letters;  

withdrawal of the products
from the market;  

refusal to approve pending
applications or supplements to approved applications that we or our subsidiaries submit;  

voluntary or mandatory
recall;  

fines;  

suspension or withdrawal
of regulatory approvals or refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we or our subsidiaries
submit;  

refusal to permit the
import or export of products;  

suspension or withdrawal
of marketing or regulatory approvals;  

65  

product seizure or detentions;  

injunctions or the imposition
of civil or criminal penalties; and  

adverse publicity.  

If we, our subsidiaries or our respective
suppliers, third-party contractors, clinical investigators or collaborators are slow to adapt, or are unable to adapt, to changes
in existing regulatory requirements or adoption of new regulatory requirements or policies, we, our subsidiaries, or our respective
collaborators may lose marketing approval for products when and if any of them are approved, resulting in decreased revenue from
milestones, product sales or royalties. 

Internet and internal computer system failures or compromises
of our systems or security could damage our reputation and harm our business.  

Although a significant portion of our business is conducted
using traditional methods of contact and communications such as face-to-face meetings, a portion of our business and the business
of our subsidiaries is conducted through the Internet. We could experience system failures and degradations in the future. We also
rely on space and office-sharing arrangements that impose additional burdens on our information security systems. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to prevent an extended and/or material system failure and the unintentional disclosure of confidential
information if any of the following events occur: 

human error; 

subsystem, component, or software failure; 

a power or telecommunications failure; 

an earthquake, fire, or other natural disaster or
act of God; 

hacker attacks or other intentional acts of vandalism;
or; 

terrorist acts or war. 

Risks Relating to our Finances, Capital
Requirements and Other Financial Matters  

We are an early-stage company with a
history of operating losses that is expected to continue and we are unable to predict the extent of future losses, whether we will
generate significant or any revenues or whether we will achieve or sustain profitability.  

We are an early-stage company and our prospects
must be considered in light of the uncertainties, risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their
early stages of operations. We continue to generate operating losses in all periods including losses from operations of approximately
$35.8 million, $20.7 million and $50.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively, and losses from
operations of $46.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit
of approximately $227.8 million. We expect to make substantial expenditures and incur increasing operating costs and interest expense
in the future and our accumulated deficit will increase significantly as we expand development and clinical trial activities for
our product candidates and finance investments in certain of our existing and new subsidiaries in accordance with our growth strategy.
Our losses have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on our working capital, total assets and stockholders 
equity. Because of the risks and uncertainties associated with product development and our investments in certain of our subsidiaries,
we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses, whether we will ever generate significant or any revenues or if we will
ever achieve or sustain profitability. 

At September 30, 2016, the amount of debt
outstanding under our promissory note in favor of Israel Discount Bank of New York ( IDB ) was $14.9 million. The loan
is collateralized by a security interest, a general lien upon, and right of set off against, our money market account of $15.0
million. If we default on our obligations, IDB may declare the loan immediately payable together with accrued interest and exercise
its right to set-off. If an event of default occurs, we may not be able to cure it within any applicable cure period, if at all.
If the maturity of our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available for repayment or we may not have
the ability to borrow or obtain sufficient funds to replace the accelerated indebtedness on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
In addition, the promissory note with IDB may limit our ability to finance future operations or satisfy capital needs or to engage
in, expand or pursue our business activities. It may also prevent us from engaging in activities that could be beneficial to our
business and our stockholders unless we repay the outstanding debt, which may not be desirable or possible. 

66  

We
may need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which may force us to delay, curtail or
eliminate one or more of our R D programs, commercialization efforts and planned acquisitions and potentially change our growth
strategy.   

Our operations have consumed substantial
amounts of cash since inception. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015 we incurred R D expenses of approximately
$25.7 million, $10.2 million and $29.8 million, respectively and research and development expenses of approximately $21.4 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We expect to continue to spend significant amounts on our growth strategy. We believe
that our current cash and cash equivalents will enable us to continue to fund operations in the normal course of business for at
least the next 12 months. In addition, in February 2015, we raised $10.0 million in a private placement of a promissory note to
NSC Biotech Venture Fund I LLC. However, until such time, if ever, as we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue and
achieve profitability, we expect to seek to finance potential cash needs. Our ability to obtain additional funding when needed,
changes to our operating plans, our existing and anticipated working capital needs, the acceleration or modification of our planned
R D activities, expenditures, acquisitions and growth strategy, increased expenses or other events may affect our need for
additional capital in the future and require us to seek additional funding sooner than anticipated. In addition, if we are unable
to raise additional capital when needed, we might have to delay, curtail or eliminate one or more of our R D programs and commercialization
efforts and potentially change our growth strategy. 

Raising additional funds by issuing
securities or through licensing or lending arrangements may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations
or require us to relinquish proprietary rights.  

To the extent that we raise additional
capital by issuing equity securities, the share ownership of existing stockholders will be diluted. Any future debt financing may
involve covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends,
redeem our stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions, among other
restrictions. In addition, if we raise additional funds through licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish potentially
valuable rights to our or our subsidiaries  product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

If we fail to maintain proper and effective
internal control over financial reporting in the future, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could
be impaired, which could harm our operating results, investors  views of us and, as a result, the value of our Common Stock.  

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes
Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules, our management is required to report on, and our independent registered public accounting
firm is required to attest to, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards
that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation,
testing and possible remediation. To comply with the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act, we may need
to further upgrade our systems, including information technology, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting
systems and procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff. If material weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal
controls exist and go undetected, our financial statements could contain material misstatements that, when discovered in the future
could cause us to fail to meet our future reporting obligations and cause the price of our Common Stock to decline. 

Risks Associated with our Capital Stock  

Some of our executives, directors and
principal stockholders can control our direction and policies, and their interests may be adverse to the interests of our other
stockholders.  

At September 30, 2016, Lindsay A. Rosenwald,
M.D., our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, beneficially owned 12.8% of our issued and outstanding capital stock.
At September 30, 2016, Michael S. Weiss, our Executive Vice Chairman, Strategic Development, beneficially owned 15.3% of our issued
and outstanding capital stock. By virtue of their holdings and membership on our Board of Directors, Dr. Rosenwald and Mr. Weiss
may individually influence our management and our affairs and may make it difficult for us to consummate corporate transactions
such as mergers, consolidations or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets that may be favorable from our standpoint
or that of our other stockholders. 

The market price of our Common Stock
may be volatile and may fluctuate in a way that is disproportionate to our operating performance.  

Our stock price may experience substantial
volatility as a result of a number of factors, including: 

announcements we make
regarding our or our subsidiaries  current product candidates, acquisition of potential new product candidates and companies
and/or in-licensing through multiple subsidiaries;  

sales or potential sales
of substantial amounts of our Common Stock;  

our or our subsidiaries 
delay or failure in initiating or completing pre-clinical or clinical trials or unsatisfactory results of any of these trials;  

announcements about
us, our subsidiaries or about our competitors, including clinical trial results, regulatory approvals or new product introductions;  

developments concerning
our or our subsidiaries  licensors and/or product manufacturers;  

67  

litigation and other
developments relating to our or our subsidiaries  patents or other proprietary rights or those of our competitors;  

conditions in the pharmaceutical
or biotechnology industries;  

governmental regulation
and legislation;  

unstable regional political
and economic conditions, such as those caused by the U.S. presidential election;  

variations in our anticipated
or actual operating results; and  

change in securities
analysts  estimates of our performance, or our failure to meet analysts  expectations.  

Many of these factors are beyond our control.
The stock markets in general, and the market for pharmaceutical and biotechnological companies in particular, have historically
experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of these companies. These broad market and industry factors could reduce the market price of our Common Stock, regardless
of our actual operating performance. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares
of our Common Stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, may adversely impact the price of our Common Stock.  

Almost all of the 48.9 million outstanding
shares of our Common Stock as of September 30, 2016 are available for sale in the public market, either pursuant to Rule 144 under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), or an effective registration statement. In addition,
in August 2016, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which, upon effectiveness, will permit us to issue and sell
shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $53 million from time to time under our Amended and Restated
At Market Issuance Sales Agreement we entered into with MLV   Co and FBR Capital Markets   Co. on August 17, 2016. 

We and certain of our subsidiaries have
never paid and do not intend to pay cash dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain.  

We and certain of our subsidiaries have
never paid cash dividends on any of our or their capital stock and we and many of our subsidiaries currently intend to retain future
earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our businesses. In addition, the terms of existing and future debt agreements
may preclude us and certain of our subsidiaries from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our Common
Stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation,
our bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company or changes in our management
and, therefore, depress the trading price of our Common Stock.  

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation,
our bylaws and Delaware law may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeovers or delaying or preventing a change in control
of our Company or changes in our management, including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium
for their shares over then-current market prices. In addition, these provisions may limit the ability of stockholders to approve
transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. These provisions include: 

the inability of stockholders
to call special meetings; and  

the ability of our Board
of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could include
the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control or could be used to institute a rights plan, also known as
a poison pill, that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that
have not been approved by our Board of Directors.  

In addition, the Delaware General Corporation
Law prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally
a person which together with its affiliates owns, or within the last three years, has owned 15% of our voting stock, for a period
of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination
is approved in a prescribed manner. 

The existence of the foregoing provisions
and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Common
Stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our Company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium
for your Common Stock in an acquisition. 

Item 2.   Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

None. 

68  

Item 3.   Defaults Upon
Senior Securities  

None. 

Item 4.   Mine Safety
Disclosures  

None. 

Item 5.   Other Information  

None. 

69  

Item 6.   Exhibits  

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit    
     No.   
         
       Description    
 
      10.33  
       
      Credit Facility Agreement dated as of September 14, 2016, by and among Fortress Biotech, Inc. and Opus Point Healthcare Innovations Fund, LP   
 
      10.34  
       
      Form of Fortress Biotech, Inc. Convertible Secured Promissory Note   
 
      10.35  
       
      Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant   
 
      10.36  
       
      Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of September 14, 2016 made by the Fortress Biotech, Inc. and FBIO Acquisition, Inc. in favor of Opus Point Healthcare Innovations Fund, LP   
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.1  
       
      Certification of Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer),  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.2  
       
      Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Documents   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

70  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC.   

November 9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Lindsay A. Rosenwald, M.D.   

Lindsay A. Rosenwald, M.D., Chairman, President
        and 
         Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive
        Officer)   

November 9, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Lucy Lu, M.D.   

Lucy Lu, M.D., Executive Vice President
        and Chief 
         Financial Officer (Principal Financial
Officer)    

71  

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit    
     No.   
         
       Description    
 
      10.33  
       
      Credit Facility Agreement dated as of September 14, 2016, by and among Fortress Biotech, Inc. and Opus Point Healthcare Innovations Fund, LP   
 
      10.34  
       
      Form of Fortress Biotech, Inc. Convertible Secured Promissory Note   
 
      10.35  
       
      Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant   
 
      10.36  
       
      Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of September 14, 2016 made by the Fortress Biotech, Inc. and FBIO Acquisition, Inc. in favor of Opus Point Healthcare Innovations Fund, LP   
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.1  
       
      Certification of Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer),  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      32.2  
       
      Certification of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Documents   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

72  

<EX-10.33>
 2
 v449362_ex10-33.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.33

Exhibit 10.33 

CREDIT FACILITY AGREEMENT 

CREDIT FACILITY AGREEMENT
(this   Agreement  ), dated as of September 14, 2016, is made by and among FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC., a Delaware
corporation (the   Borrower  ), and each of OPUS POINT HEALTHCARE INNOVATIONS FUND, LP (  Opus  )
and any other lenders listed on the signature pages hereto (Opus and any other lenders, together with their successors and permitted
assigns, the   Lenders   and, together with the Borrower, the   Parties  ). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS, the Borrower wishes to borrow from
the Lenders up to a maximum of twenty- five million Dollars ($25,000,000) for the purpose described in  Section 2.1 ; and 

WHEREAS, the Lenders desire to make loans
to the Borrower for such purpose. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual agreements set forth herein, the Parties agree as follows: 

ARTICLE 1 

DEFINITIONS 

Section 1.1 General
Definitions.  Wherever used in this Agreement, or the Exhibits attached hereto, unless the context otherwise requires, the following
terms have the following meanings: 

1933 Act   has the meaning
set forth in  Section 3.3(d) . 

1934 Act   has the meaning
set forth in  Section 3.3(d) . 

Accrued Interest Amount  
has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.7 . 

Affiliate  
means any Person or entity that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, owns more than 25% of the transferable
ownership of a Person, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed
under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. With respect to a Lender, any investment fund or managed account that is managed or advised
on a discretionary basis by the same investment manager as such Lender will be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Lender. As used
in this definition of  Affiliate,  the term  control  means the possession, directly or indirectly, of
the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities
or partnership or other ownership interest, by contract, or otherwise. 

Agreement Date   means
the date of this Agreement. 

Applicable Laws   means
all statutes, rules and regulations of Governmental Authorities in the United States or elsewhere applicable to the Borrower. 

Authorizations   has
the meaning set forth in  Section 3.1(m) . 

Business Day   means
a day on which banks are open for business in The City of New York. 

Change of
Control   means (a) any Person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 50% or more of the outstanding
Equity Interests of the Borrower; or (b) individuals who constitute the Continuing Directors cease for any reason to constitute
at least a majority of the board of directors of the Borrower. 

Code  
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Commitment  
means the commitment of a Lender to make or otherwise fund a Loan and   Commitments   means such commitments of
all Lenders in the aggregate. The amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on the signature page hereto, subject to
any adjustment or reduction pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. The aggregate amount of the Commitments as of the Agreement
Date is $25,000,000. 

Commitment Period  
means the period from the Agreement Date to September 1, 2017. 

Commitment Warrants  
has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.9(a) . 

Common Stock   means
the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Borrower. 

Continuing Directors  
means (i) the directors of the Borrower on the Agreement Date; and (ii) any other director, if, in each case, such other director s
nomination for election to the board of directors of the Borrower is recommended by at least a majority of the then-serving directors
of the Borrower. 

Default  
means any event which, at the giving of notice, lapse of time or fulfillment of any other applicable condition (or any combination
of the foregoing), would constitute an Event of Default. 

Defaulting Lender   has
the meaning set forth in  Section 2.2 . 

Disbursement  ,   Disbursement
Date  , and   Disbursement Request   have the meanings given to them in  Section 2.2 . 

Dollars   and the   $  
sign mean the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

Equity Interests  
means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares, interests, participations and other equivalents (however designated) of capital
stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase
or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the
securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person
or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all
of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting
or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 

Event of Default   has
the meaning given to it in  Section 5.3 . 

Exchange
Act   means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Excluded
Taxes   means with respect to any Lender, (a) income or franchise taxes imposed by the United States, or by the jurisdiction
(or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such Lender is organized or incorporated or in which its principal
office is located, or in which the applicable lending office of such Lender is located, or as a result of a present or former
connection between such Lender and the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) imposing such tax (other than a connection
arising from such Lender s having a security interest under, having been a party to, having enforced or having engaged in
any other transaction pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document), (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United
States, (c) any United States withholding Tax imposed on amounts payable to such Lender under a law in effect on the date such
Lender became a party to this Agreement, except to the extent that such Lender is a direct or indirect assignee of a Lender that
was entitled, immediately prior to such assignment, to receive payments under  Section 2.5  on account of such Tax, (d) any
United States withholding Tax imposed on amounts payable to such Lender, or (e) any United States withholding Tax imposed on amounts
payable to such Lender under FATCA. 

FATCA  
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into
pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the foregoing. 

Funding Warrants   has
the meaning set forth in  Section 2.9(b) . 

GAAP  
means generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied as set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting
Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the accounting profession). 

Governmental
Authority   means any government, quasi-governmental agency, governmental department, ministry, cabinet, commission, board,
bureau, agency, court, tribunal, regulatory authority, instrumentality, judicial, legislative, fiscal, or administrative or public
body or entity, whether domestic or foreign, federal, state or local, having jurisdiction over the matter or matters and Person
or Persons in question. 

Indemnified Person  
has the meaning set forth in  Section 6.11(a) . 

Indemnified Taxes   means
all Taxes including Other Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes. 

Indemnity   has the meaning
set forth in  Section 6.11(a) . 

Interest Payment Date  
has the meaning set forth in  Section 2.7 . 

Interest Rate   means
12.00% interest per annum. 

IRS   means the United
States Internal Revenue Service. 

Lender  
has the meaning given to it in the preamble of this Agreement. A third party may become an additional  Lender  (and
thereby become subject to the all the provisions hereof applicable to Lenders) upon the mutual consent of the Borrower and the
Required Lenders, which mutual consent shall specify the Commitment Amount of any such additional Lender. 

Lien  
means any lien, pledge, preferential arrangement, mortgage, security interest, deed of trust, charge, assignment, hypothecation,
title retention, or other encumbrance on or with respect to property or interest in property having the practical effect of constituting
a security interest, in each case with respect to the payment of any obligation with, or from the proceeds of, any asset or revenue
of any kind. 

Loan Documents  
means this Agreement, the Notes, the Warrants, the Pledge and Security Agreement and any other document or instrument delivered
in connection with any of the foregoing and dated as of the Agreement Date or subsequent thereto, whether or not specifically mentioned
herein or therein. 

Loans  
means the loans made available by the Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to  Section 2.2  in the maximum aggregate amount of
the Commitments or, as the context may require, the principal amount thereof from time to time outstanding. 

Loan Securities   has
the meaning set forth in  Section 3.3(d) . 

Loss   has the meaning
set forth in  Section 6.11(a) . 

Material
Adverse Effect   means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, operations, financial condition or assets of the
Borrower, taken as a whole, (b) the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document, (c) the ability of the Borrower
to timely perform the Obligations or (d) the rights and remedies of the Lenders under any Loan Document; provided, however, that
none of the following shall be deemed either alone or in combination to constitute, and none of the following shall be taken into
account in determining whether there has been or would be, a Material Adverse Effect: (A) any adverse effect that results directly
or indirectly from general economic, business, financial or market conditions; and (B) any adverse effect arising directly or indirectly
from or otherwise relating to any of the industries or industry sectors in which the Borrower operates. 

Maturity Date   has the
meaning set forth in  Section 2.3(a) . 

Necessary Documents  
has the meaning set forth in  Section 3.1(i) . 

Notes  
means the Convertible Secured Promissory Notes issued to the Lenders evidencing the Loans substantially in the form attached hereto
as  Exhibit A . The Notes shall be senior to any current and future indebtedness of the Borrower, except for the secured indebtedness
currently owing to the Israel Discount Bank (  IDB  ) (which is currently secured by cash) pursuant to: (i) that
certain Assignment and Pledge of Money Market Account, dated as of February 2014, executed by the Borrower in favor of IDB; (ii)
that certain Assignment and Pledge of Time Deposit, dated as of July 31, 2015, executed by the Borrower in favor of IDB; and (iii)
any other agreement, certificate or other document executed in connection with the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii); in each case
(i), (ii) and (iii), as such document may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 

Obligations  
means all obligations (monetary or otherwise) of the Borrower owing to the Lenders and arising under or in connection with the
Loan Documents 

Organizational
Documents   means the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws, or similar documents, each as amended to date, of the Borrower. 

Other Taxes  
means any and all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, duties, other charges or
similar levies, and all liabilities with respect thereto, together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable
thereto (including by reason of any delay in payment) arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery,
registration or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are imposed with respect
to an assignment (other than an assignment made in connection with the exercise of remedies following an Event of Default). 

Permitted
Liens   of the Borrower means (a) Liens and security interests in favor of the Lenders; (b) Liens for taxes being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves determined in accordance with GAAP have been established (and
as to which the property subject to any such Lien is not yet subject to foreclosure, sale or loss on account thereof); (c) Liens
existing on the Agreement Date; (d) Liens incidental to the conduct of business or the ownership of properties and assets (including
Liens in connection with worker s compensation, unemployment insurance and other like laws (excluding Liens imposed by ERISA
or the substantial equivalent under foreign law (including any statutory Liens for profit sharing plans imposed by foreign law)),
warehousemen s mechanic s materialmen s and attorneys  Liens, and statutory or common law landlords 
Liens (or the substantial equivalent under foreign law)) and Liens and pledges or deposits to secure the performance of bids, tenders
or trade contracts, or to secure statutory obligations, surety or appeal bonds or other Liens of like general nature incurred in
the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the borrowing of money, provided, in each case, that the obligation
secured is not more than 30 days overdue or, if so overdue, is being contested in good faith by appropriate actions or proceedings
and that adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP; (e) Liens of or resulting from any judgment or award
not constituting an Event of Default; (f) minor survey exceptions or minor encumbrances, easements or reservations, or rights of
others for rights-of-way, utilities and other similar purposes, or zoning or other restrictions as to the use of real properties,
which are necessary for the conduct of the activities of the Borrower or which customarily exist on properties of companies engaged
in similar activities and similarly situated and which do not in any event materially impair their use in the operation of the
business of the Borrower; (g) Liens or set-off rights arising by contract in the ordinary course of business or by law and in connection
with cash management and banking arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business; and (h) Liens placed upon equipment
or component materials (and the proceeds thereof) of a Borrower for short-term trade payable arrangements with vendors of such
Borrower to secure all or a portion of the purchase price of such equipment or materials, provided that (i) any such lien shall
not encumber any other property of any Borrower, (ii) the amount of indebtedness secured thereby is not increased, (iii) the principal
amount of indebtedness secured by any such Lien shall at no time exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the original price for the
purchase of such property at the time of purchase and (iv) such Liens are made in the ordinary course of business and consistent
with prior practices. 

Person  
means and includes any natural person, individual, partnership, joint venture, corporation, trust, limited liability company, limited
company, joint stock company, unincorporated organization, government entity or any political subdivision or agency thereof, or
any other entity. 

Pledge and
Security Agreement   means the Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof pursuant to which the Borrower
(and any other grantors party to such agreement) granted a first priority security interest in shares in certain of its subsidiaries
as collateral for the Loans, as set forth in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 

Pledged Shares   shall
have the meaning set forth in the Pledge and Security Agreement. 

Pro Rata
Share   means, with respect to all payments, computations and other matters relating to the Commitment or Loans of any
Lender, the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the Commitment of that Lender, by (b) the aggregate Commitments of all Lenders.
If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans has terminated or expired, then the Pro Rata Share of each Lender shall be determined
based on the Pro Rata Share of such Lender most recently in effect, giving effect to subsequent assignments. 

Register   has the meaning
set forth in  Section 1.4(b) . 

Required Lenders   means,
at any time, Lenders holding Loans representing more than 50% of the sum of the Loans outstanding. 

SEC   means the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Securities
Act   means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Taxes  
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, stamp or other duties, deductions, charges or withholdings imposed by any Governmental
Authority, and all liabilities with respect thereto (including by reason of any delay in payment). 

Warrant Shares   has
the meaning set forth in  Section 3.1(p) . 

Warrants   has the meaning
set forth in  Section 2.9(b) . 

Section 1.2   Interpretation.
 In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, all words and personal pronouns relating thereto shall be read and
construed as the number and gender of the party or parties require, and all verbs shall be read and construed as agreeing with
their corresponding nouns and pronouns; the division of this Agreement into Articles and Sections (and the use of headings and
captions) is for convenience of reference only and shall not modify or affect the interpretation or construction of this Agreement
or any of its provisions; the words  herein,   hereof,   hereunder,   hereinafter 
and  hereto  and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular Article or Section
hereof; the words  include,   including,  and derivations thereof shall be deemed to have the phrase  without
limitation  attached thereto unless otherwise expressly stated; references to a specified Article, Exhibit or Section shall
be construed as a reference to that specified Article, Exhibit or Section of this Agreement; and any reference to any of the Loan
Documents means such document as the same shall be amended, supplemented or modified and from time to time in effect. 

Section 1.3   Business
Day Adjustment.  If the day by which any payment or other performance is due to be made is not a Business Day, that payment
or performance shall be made by the next succeeding Business Day unless that next succeeding Business Day falls in a different
calendar month, in which case that payment or other performance shall be made by the Business Day immediately preceding the day
by which such payment or other performance is due to be made. 

Section 1.4   Register .  

(a)          The
Borrower shall record on its books and records the amount of each Loan, the Interest Rate applicable thereto, all payments of principal
and interest thereon and the principal balance thereof from time to time outstanding. 

(b)          The
Borrower shall establish and maintain, at its address referred to in  Section 6.1 : (i) a record of ownership (the   Register  )
in which the Borrower agrees to register by book entry the interests (including any rights to receive payment hereunder) of each
Lender in the Loans, and any assignment of any such interest, and (ii) accounts in the Register in accordance with its usual practice
in which it shall record (1) the names and addresses of the Lenders (and any change thereto pursuant to this Agreement), (2) the
amount of the Loans and each funding of any participation therein, (3) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable
or paid, and (4) any other payment received by the Lenders from the Borrower and its application to the Loans. 

(c)          Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement: (i) the Loans (including any Notes evidencing the Loans) are registered obligations,
(ii) the right, title and interest of the Lenders and their assignees in and to the Loans shall be transferable only upon notation
of such transfer in the Register, (iii) and no assignment thereof shall be effective until recorded therein. This  Section 1.4 
shall be construed so that the Loans are at all times maintained in  registered form  within the meaning of Sections
163(f), 871(h)(2) and 881(c)(2) of the Code. 

(d)          The
Borrower and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register as a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement.
Information contained in the Register with respect to any Lender shall be available for access by the Borrower or such Lender at
any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

ARTICLE 2 

AGREEMENT FOR THE LOAN 

Section 2.1   Use
of Proceeds.  The proceeds of the Loans will be used for working capital and for other general corporate purposes. 

Section 2.2   Commitments;
Disbursement of Loans; Pro Rata Shares.  During the Commitment Period, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender
severally agrees to make Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate amount up to but not exceeding such Lender s Commitment. Any
amounts borrowed under this  Section 2.2  and subsequently repaid or prepaid may not be re-borrowed. Subject to  Section
2.3(b) , all amounts owed hereunder with respect to the Loans shall be paid in full on the Maturity Date. 

Whenever the Borrower
desires that the Lenders disburse a Loan to the Borrower (each, a  Disbursement  ), the Borrower shall deliver to the
Lenders a written request (a   Disbursement Request  ) for a Disbursement at least fifteen (15) Business Days
in advance of the proposed disbursement date (the   Disbursement Date  ); provided, however, that the first Disbursement
Notice shall be deemed delivered on the Agreement Date simultaneously with the execution and delivery hereof. Each Disbursement
shall be in an aggregate minimum amount of $500,000 (five hundred thousand dollars) and integral multiples of $100,000 (one thousand
dollars) in excess of that amount. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article 4 hereof, each Lender shall
fund its Pro Rata Share of the Disbursement. 

All Disbursements pertaining
to a given Disbursement Request shall be made by Lenders simultaneously and proportionately to their respective Pro Rata Shares,
it being understood that no Lender shall be responsible for any default by any other Lender of such other Lender s obligation
to make a Disbursement requested hereunder nor shall any Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of a default
by any other Lender of such other Lender s obligation to make a Disbursement requested hereunder. If any Lender (a   Defaulting
Lender  ) fails for any reason or no reason to fund 100% of a Disbursement Request by the Disbursement Date, then such
Lender shall be in default under this Agreement and shall forfeit its right to the Commitment Warrants. 

Section 2.3   Payment .  

(a)          The
Borrower shall pay the outstanding principal of all Loans and any Accrued Interest Amounts thereon on the twenty-four-month anniversary
of the Agreement Date (the   Maturity Date  ). 

(b)          The
Borrower may prepay all or a portion of the outstanding Disbursements upon five (5) days  notice to the Lenders
pertaining to such Disbursement(s), without any prepayment penalty and subject only to the repayment obligations contained in
this  Section 2.3(b) . Each prepayment by the Borrower shall be applied first, to all expenses and indemnification
payments then owing to the Lenders (if any), second, to accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, and third, to the principal
balance of the Loans, and shall be allocated among the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares. The amount of any
prepayment to be applied to principal shall be applied to the payments required under  Section 2.3(a)  in direct order
of maturity. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Borrower provides prepayment notice pursuant to this  Section
2.3(b) , the Lenders shall retain any conversion rights to which they are entitled under outstanding Notes during the
aforementioned five (5)-day period. 

Section 2.4   Payments.
 The Borrower shall pay to each Lender such Lender s Pro Rata Share of all principal, interest and other amounts due and
owing under the Loan Documents. All payments by the Borrower under any of the Loan Documents shall be made without setoff or counterclaim.
Payments of any amounts due to the Lenders under this Agreement shall be made in Dollars in immediately available funds prior to
11:00 a.m. New York City time on such date that any such payment is due, at such bank or places as the Lenders shall from time
to time designate to the Borrower in writing at least five (5) Business Days prior to the date such payment is due. The Borrower
shall pay all and any costs (administrative or otherwise) imposed by banks, clearing houses, or any other financial institution,
in connection with making any payments under any of the Loan Documents, except for any costs imposed by the Lenders  banking
institutions. 

Section 2.5   Taxes .  

(a)          Any
and all payments hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be made, in accordance with this  Section 2.5 , free and
clear of and without deduction for any and all present or future Indemnified Taxes except as required by Applicable Law. If Borrower
shall be required by law to deduct any Indemnified Taxes from or in respect of any sum payable hereunder or under any other Loan
Document, (i) the sum payable shall be increased by as much as shall be  necessary so that after making all required deductions
(including deductions for Indemnified Taxes applicable to additional sums payable under this  Section 2.5 ), each Lender shall
receive an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made (any and all such additional amounts
payable shall hereafter be referred to as the   Additional Amounts  ), (ii) Borrower shall make such deductions,
and (iii) Borrower shall pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law.
Borrower shall promptly furnish to the applicable Lender the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof
or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to such Lender. 

(b)          Borrower
agrees to pay, and each Lender authorizes Borrower to pay in its name (but without duplication), all Other Taxes. Borrower shall
promptly furnish to the applicable Lender the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof or other evidence
of such payment reasonably satisfactory to such Lender. 

(c)          Borrower
shall reimburse and indemnify, within 10 days after receipt of written demand therefor, each Lender for all Indemnified Taxes (including
all Indemnified Taxes imposed on amounts payable under this  Section 2.5(c) ) paid by such Lender. A reasonably detailed certificate
of the applicable Lender(s) setting forth the amounts to be paid thereunder and delivered to Borrower shall be conclusive, absent
manifest error. 

(d)          If
a payment to a Lender under this Agreement would be subject to U.S. withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail
to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA, such Lender shall deliver to Borrower, at the times prescribed by
law or as reasonably requested by Borrower, such documentation as is required in order for Borrower to comply with its obligations
under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has or has not complied with its obligations under FATCA, or to determine the amount
to deduct and withhold from such payment. 

(e)          If
a Lender determines in good faith that it has received a refund from a Governmental Authority of any Indemnified Taxes previously
paid or reimbursed by Borrower, such Lender shall promptly pay the amount so paid or reimbursed by the Borrower (not to exceed
the amount so refunded) to the Borrower, net of all out-of-pocket expense (including any Taxes imposed thereon) of such Lender
incurred in obtaining such refund or making such payment to the Borrower, provided that the Borrower, upon the request of such
Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant
Governmental Authority) to such Lender if such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Nothing
in this Section shall require any Lender to disclose any information it deems confidential (including, without limitation, its
tax returns) to any Person, including Borrower. 

Section 2.6   Costs,
Expenses and Losses.  If, as a result of any failure by the Borrower to pay any sums due under this Agreement (other than pursuant
to  Section 2.3(b) ) on the due date therefor (after the expiration of any applicable grace periods), the Lenders shall, after
applying reasonable mitigation efforts, incur costs, expenses and/or losses, by reason of the liquidation or redeployment of deposits
from third parties or in connection with obtaining funds to make or maintain the Commitments, the Loans or any Disbursement, the
Borrower shall pay to the Lenders (within 15 days after receipt by it of a certificate from the Lenders setting forth in reasonable
detail such costs, expenses and/or losses incurred with supporting documentation) the amount of such costs, expenses and/or losses.
For the purposes of the preceding sentence,  costs, expenses and/or losses  shall include, without limitation, any
interest paid or payable to carry any unpaid amount and any loss, premium, penalty or expense which may be incurred in obtaining,
liquidating or employing deposits of or borrowings from third parties in order to make, maintain or fund the Loans or any portion
thereof. 

Section 2.7   Interest.
 The outstanding principal amount of the Notes shall bear interest at the Interest Rate (calculated on the basis of a year of
365 days and the actual number of days elapsed). Interest shall be paid quarterly in arrears commencing on December 1, 2016 and
on the first Business Day of each September, December, March and June thereafter (each, an   Interest Payment Date  )
until the Maturity Date. Upon notice from the Borrower to the Lenders prior to any of the first five Interest Payment Dates applicable
to any Disbursement, all or a portion of the interest (as otherwise payable on such Interest Payment Date) for the applicable Interest
Payment Date or Interest Payment Dates shall not be paid in cash but shall be added to the then outstanding amount of said Disbursement
(the aggregate amount of all such interest so added, the   Accrued Interest Amount  ). The Borrower may provide
such notice for any Disbursement on one or more occasions. The Accrued Interest Amount with respect to each Disbursement shall
be paid in cash not later than the last Business Day of the sixth calendar quarter following the date of such Disbursement. 

Section 2.8   Default
Interest.  Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the outstanding principal balance of the Loans
and, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, any overdue interest payments on the Loans or any other amounts owed hereunder,
shall thereafter bear interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under the United States Bankruptcy Code or other
applicable bankruptcy laws) payable on demand at a rate that is two percent (2%) in excess of the Interest Rate. 

Section 2.9   Issuance
of Warrants .  

(a)          Within
15 (fifteen) days after termination of the Commitment Period, Borrower shall issue to Lenders their Pro Rata Shares of warrants
to purchase in the aggregate 1,500,000 shares of Common Stock, in substantially the form set forth on Exhibit B-1 hereto (the   Commitment
Warrants  ). 

(b)          Within
15 (fifteen) days after termination of the Commitment Period, Borrower shall issue to all non-Defaulting Lenders, on a pro rata
basis based on their actual Loan amount to the principal amount of all Notes issued, warrants to purchase a number of shares of
Common Stock, in substantially the form set forth on Exhibit B-2 hereto in an amount equal to the product of: (i) 1,000,000; times
(ii) the principal amount of all Notes issued pursuant to this Agreement divided by 25,000,000 (such warrants, the   Funding
Warrants   and, collectively with the Commitment Warrants, the   Warrants  ). For the avoidance of doubt,
the early termination by the Borrower pursuant to  Section 6.14  shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligations to issue
the Warrants contained in this  Section 2.9 . 

ARTICLE 3 

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

Section 3.1   Representations
and Warranties of the Borrower.  The Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that, as of the Agreement Date and each
Disbursement Date: 

(a)          The
Borrower is conducting its business in compliance with its Organizational Documents, which are in full force and effect. 

(b)          No
Default or Event of Default has occurred. 

(c)          The
Borrower (i) is not bankrupt and (ii) has not taken action, and no such action has been taken by a third party, for the Borrower s
winding up, dissolution, or liquidation or similar executory or judicial proceeding or for the appointment of a liquidator, custodian,
receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar officer for the Borrower or any or all of its assets or revenues. 

(d)          The
obligation of the Borrower to make any payment under this Agreement (together with all charges in connection therewith) is absolute
and unconditional. 

(e)          The
Borrower is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the state of Delaware. The Borrower has full power
and authority to own its properties, conduct its business and enter into the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to consummate
the transactions contemplated under such Loan Documents, and is duly qualified to do business as a foreign entity and is in good
standing in each jurisdiction where the failure to be so qualified could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(f)          There
is not pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, any action, suit or other proceeding before any Governmental
Authority that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (i) to which the Borrower a is a party, or  (ii)
which has as the subject thereof any assets owned by the Borrower. There are no current or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, pending,
legal, governmental or regulatory enforcement actions, suits or other proceedings to which the Borrower or any of its assets is
subject that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g)          The
Loan Documents, as and when executed and delivered, have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Borrower and constitute
a valid, legal and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with their terms, except as
such enforceability may be limited by (i) applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors 
rights generally and (ii) applicable equitable principles. The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents by the
Borrower and the consummation of the transactions therein contemplated will not (A) conflict with or result in a breach or violation
of any of the terms or provisions of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other
than pursuant to the Loan Documents) upon any assets of the Borrower pursuant to any agreement to which the Borrower is a party
or by which the Borrower is bound or to which any of the assets of the Borrower is subject, (B) result in any violation of or conflict
with the provisions of the Organizational Documents of the Borrowers, (C) result in the violation of any Applicable Law or (D)
result in the violation of any judgment, order, rule, regulation or decree of any Governmental Authority, except, with respect
to the  f oregoing clauses (A), (C) and (D), as could not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or registration or filing with,
any Governmental Authority is required for the execution, delivery and performance of any of the Loan Documents or for the consummation
by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated thereby, except for such registrations and filings in connection with the issuance
of the Warrants and Warrant Shares pursuant to the Loan Documents that are necessary to comply with federal and state securities
laws, rules and regulations. The Borrower has the power and authority to enter into the Loan Documents and to consummate the transactions
contemplated under the Loan Documents.  

(h)          Other
than has been obtained or shall be obtained pursuant to the terms hereof, no Authorization is required for (i) the execution and
delivery by the Borrower of this Agreement, the Warrants and the other Loan Documents, or (ii) the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, including but not limited to the issuance and exercise of the Warrants. 

(i)          The
Borrower holds, and is operating in compliance in all material respects with, all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses,
permits, easements, consents, certificates and orders of any Governmental Authority (collectively,   Necessary Documents  )
material to its business, and all such required Necessary Documents are valid and in full force and effect; the Borrower has not
received written notice of any revocation or modification of any of the Necessary Documents, and the Borrower has no reason to
believe that any of the Necessary Documents will not be renewed in the ordinary course of business (to the extent applicable);
and the Borrower is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations,
orders and decrees applicable to the conduct of its business, except for such instances of non-compliance as would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(j)          The
Borrower has good and marketable title to all of its material assets. The property held under lease by the Borrower is held under
valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with only such exceptions with respect to any particular lease as do not interfere in
any material respect with the conduct of the business of the Borrower. 

(k)          The
Borrower is not in violation of its Organizational Documents, and no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or
both, would constitute such breach or other default in the performance of any agreement or condition contained in any agreement
under which it may be bound, or to which any of its assets is subject, except for such breaches or defaults as would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(l)          As
of the Agreement Date, no income, franchise or other material Tax Return of the Borrower is under audit or examination by any Governmental
Authority. 

(m)        The
Borrower: (A) except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect,
has not received any warning letter or other correspondence or notice from any Governmental Authority alleging or asserting noncompliance
with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates, approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments
thereto required in connection with the business of the Borrower by any Applicable Laws (together, the   Authorizations  );
(B) except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect possesses and
complies with the Authorizations, which are valid and in full force and effect; (C) except as would not, individually or in the
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, has not received written notice that any Governmental Authority
has taken, is taking or intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any Authorization and has no knowledge that
any Governmental Authority is considering such action; and (D) except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect has filed, obtained, maintained or submitted all reports, documents, forms, notices,
applications, records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws or Authorizations. 

(n)          The
audited financial statements of the Borrower as of December 31, 2015, together with the related notes included therein, fairly
present the financial condition of the Borrower as of such date and the results of operations and changes in cash flows for the
periods therein specified in conformity with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods involved, and, as of the Agreement
Date, there are no material off-balance sheet arrangements or any other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
that may have a material current or, to the Borrower s knowledge, material future effect on the Borrower s financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources or significant components of revenue or expenses. 

(o)          The
Borrower maintains a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide reasonable assurances that (i) transactions are
executed in accordance with management s general or specific authorization; (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain accountability for assets; (iii) access to assets
is permitted only in accordance with management s general or specific authorization; and  (iv) the recorded accountability
for material assets is compared with existing assets at reasonable intervals, and appropriate action is taken with respect to any
differences. 

(p)          All
of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Borrower are duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities laws, were not issued in violation of or subject to any preemptive
rights or other rights to subscribe for or purchase securities that have not been waived in writing; the Warrants and the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants (the   Warrant Shares  ) have been duly authorized, and
the Warrant Shares, when issued, delivered and paid for in accordance with the terms of the Warrants, will have been validly issued
and will be fully paid and nonassessable. The issuance and delivery of the Warrants does not and, assuming full exercise of the
Warrants, the exercise of the Warrants will not, require approval from any Governmental Authority other than filings that have
been made pursuant to applicable state securities laws and post-sale filings pursuant to applicable state and federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations of NASDAQ. 

(q)          The
Borrower has, upon issuance of the Warrant, reserved for issuance a number of shares of Common Stock sufficient to cover all Warrant
Shares. 

Section
3.2   Borrower Acknowledgment.  The Borrower acknowledges that it has made the representations and
warranties in  Section 3.1  with the intention of persuading the Lenders to enter into the Loan Documents and that the
Lenders have entered into the Loan Documents on the basis of, and in full reliance on, each of such representations and
warranties. 

Section 3.3   Representations
and Warranties of the Lenders.  Each Lender, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to the Borrower as of the Agreement
Date and as of each date that any Note, Warrant or Common Stock is issued to a Lender, that: 

(a)          Such
Lender is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation. 

(b)          Each
Loan Document to which it is a party has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by such Lender and constitutes the valid
and legally binding obligation of such Lender, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited
by (i) applicable insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors  rights generally,
and (ii) applicable equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

(c)          Such
Lender has full power and authority to make each Disbursement, enter into and perform its other obligations under each of the Loan
Documents and carry out the other transactions contemplated thereby. 

(d)          Each
of the Notes, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares (collectively the   Loan Securities  ) to be received by such
Lender hereunder will be acquired for such Lender s own account, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of any
part thereof in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (  1933 Act  ), except pursuant to sales registered
or exempted under the 1933 Act, and such Lender has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise
distributing the same in violation of the 1933 Act without prejudice, however, to such Lender s right at all times to sell
or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Loan Securities in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws.
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by such Lender to hold the Loan Securities for any period
of time, and such Lender reserves the right to dispose of the Loan Securities at any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration
statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act. Such Lender is not a broker-dealer registered with the SEC under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (  1934 Act  ), or an entity engaged in a business that would require it to be so registered. 

(e)          Such
Lender can bear the economic risk and complete loss of its investment in the Loan Securities and has such knowledge and experience
in financial or business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment contemplated hereby. 

(f)          Such
Lender has had an opportunity to receive, review and understand all information related to the Borrower requested by it and to
ask questions of and receive answers from the Borrower regarding the Borrower, its business and the terms and conditions of the
offering of the Loan Securities, and has conducted and completed its own independent due diligence. Such Lender acknowledges receipt
of copies of the Borrower s filings pursuant to the 1934 Act. Based on the information such Lender has deemed appropriate,
it has independently made its own analysis and decision to enter into the Loan Documents. Neither such inquiries nor any other
due diligence investigation conducted by such Lender shall modify, limit or otherwise affect such Lender s right to rely
on the Borrower s representations and warranties contained in this Agreement. 

(g)          Such
Lender understands that the Loan Securities are characterized as  restricted securities  under the U.S. federal securities
laws inasmuch as they are being acquired from the Borrower in a transaction not involving a public offering and that under such
laws and applicable regulations such securities may be resold without registration under the 1933 Act only in certain limited circumstances. 

(h)          Such
Lender is an  accredited investor  as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the 1933 Act. 

(i)          Such
Lender did not learn of the investment in the Loan Securities as a result of any general solicitation or general advertising. 

(j)          No
Person will have, as a result of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, any valid right, interest or claim against
or upon the Borrower or any Lender for any commission, fee or other compensation pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding
entered into by or on behalf of such Lender. 

(k)          Such
Lender understands that no United States federal or state agency, or similar agency of any other country, has reviewed, approved,
passed upon, or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Borrower or the purchase of the Loan Securities. 

(l)          Such
Lender has no present intent to effect a  change of control  of the Borrower as such term is understood under the rules
promulgated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act. 

(m)          No
source of funds used by such Lender to make any Disbursement constitutes  plan assets  within the meaning of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Code or any of the respective regulations promulgated thereunder. 

ARTICLE 4 

CONDITIONS OF DISBURSEMENT 

Section 4.1   Conditions
to the First Disbursement.  The obligation of the Lenders to make the first Disbursement shall be subject to the fulfillment
of the following conditions on or before the date of the first Disbursement: The Lenders shall have received: (i) counterparts
of this Agreement executed by the Borrower and each Lender; (ii) the Notes executed by the Borrower; and (iii) the Pledge and Security
Agreement executed by the Borrower and FBIO Acquisition, Inc. 

Section 4.2   Conditions
to All Disbursements.  The obligation of the Lenders to make any Disbursement shall be subject to the fulfillment of the following
conditions: 

(a)          No
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or would result from the Disbursement; and 

(b)          Receipt
by the Lenders of a Disbursement Request (which Disbursement Request shall include a representation that all conditions contained
in this Article 4 to any such Disbursement have been satisfied). 

ARTICLE 5 

PARTICULAR COVENANTS AND EVENTS OF DEFAULT  

Section 5.1   Affirmative
Covenants.  Unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree: 

(a)          The
Borrower shall maintain its existence and shall qualify and remain qualified to do its business as currently conducted, except
where the failure to maintain such qualification would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b)          The
Borrower shall comply with all Applicable Laws, except where the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(c)          The
Borrower shall obtain and keep in full force and effect all Authorizations, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d)          The
Borrower shall promptly notify the Lenders of the occurrence of  (i) any Default or Event of Default and (ii) any litigation,
arbitration, mediation or administrative or regulatory proceedings that are instituted or threatened in writing against the Borrower
after the Agreement Date which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e)          The
Borrower shall maintain and keep in force, for each business in which Borrower is engaged, insurance of the types and in amounts
customarily carried in similar lines of business, including but not limited to fire, liability and property damage, in each case
in such amounts (giving effect to self-insurance), with such deductibles, covering such risks and otherwise on such terms and conditions
as shall be customary for companies similarly situated in the industry. 

(f)          The
Borrower shall pay and discharge before they become delinquent any and all material taxes, assessments and governmental charges
or levies, including without limitation federal and state income taxes and state and local property taxes and assessments, except
(a) such as Borrower may in good faith contest or as to which a bona fide dispute may arise, and (b) for which Borrower has made
provision, to the Required Lenders  reasonable satisfaction, for eventual payment thereof in the event Borrower is obligated
to make such payment. 

Section 5.2   Negative
Covenants . The Borrower covenants that so long as any Lender remains committed to extend credit to Borrower pursuant hereto,
or any amounts payable under the Loan Documents remain outstanding, and until payment in full of all Obligations, Borrower will
not, without the Required Lenders  prior written consent: 

(a)          create,
incur or assume any indebtedness or liabilities resulting from borrowings, loans or advances, whether secured or unsecured, matured
or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, joint or several that is  pari passu  or senior to the Loans;  provided ,  however ,
that no provision contained herein or in any of the Loan Documents shall prohibit or be construed to prohibit the Borrower from
(x) extending, renewing, refinancing or replacing any existing indebtedness of the Borrower, (y) issuing new indebtedness that
is  designed to, and is used to, repay the Loans or (z) issuing new indebtedness that is substantially similar to any issued
under or in connection with that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2015, by and between the Borrower and
NSC Biotech Venture Fund I LLC. 

(b)          Declare
or pay any dividend or distribution in cash or any other property (other than dividends or distributions payable solely in capital
stock of the Borrower) on Borrower s capital stock now or hereafter outstanding. 

(c)          Mortgage,
pledge, grant or permit to exist any Lien upon all or any portion of Borrower s assets now owned or hereafter acquired, except
for Permitted Liens. 

(d)          Cause,
permit, or suffer any Change of Control without repaying all outstanding Loans prior to the closing of such Change of Control. 

Section 5.3   Events
of Default.  The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute an  Event of Default  under this Agreement: 

(a)          The
Borrower shall fail to pay, when due, any principal or interest payable in respect of the Loans, or any other amounts payable under
the Loan Documents. 

(b)          The
Borrower shall have failed to comply with the due observance or performance of any covenant contained in: (i)  Sections 5.1(d)
 or  (f)  or  Section 5.2 , or (ii) any Loan Document (other than the covenants described in clauses (a) and (b)(i)
above) and such failure shall not have been cured by the Borrower within 30 days after the earlier of (A) the date the Chief Executive
Officer of the Borrower first becomes aware of such failure or (B) the date the Borrower receives written notice of such failure
from the Lenders. 

(c)          Any
representation or warranty made by the Borrower in any Loan Document shall have been incorrect, false or misleading in any material
respect which results in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d)          (i)
The Borrower shall generally be unable to pay its debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in a duly authorized writing executed
by an officer of the Borrower its inability to pay its debts as they come due or shall make a general assignment for the benefit
of creditors; (ii) the Borrower shall declare a moratorium on the payment of its debts; (iii) the commencement by the Borrower
of proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to the commencement of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings
against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization, intervention or other similar relief
under any Applicable Law, or the consent by it to the filing of any such petition or to the appointment of an intervenor, receiver,
liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of all or substantially all of its assets; (iv) the commencement
against the Borrower of a proceeding in any court of competent jurisdiction under any bankruptcy or other Applicable Law (as now
or hereafter in effect) seeking its liquidation, winding up, dissolution, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, or the appointment
of an intervenor, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official), and any such proceeding shall
continue undismissed, or any order, judgment or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall continue unstayed or otherwise
in effect, for a period of forty-five (45) days; or (v) any other event shall have occurred which under any Applicable Law would
have an effect analogous to any of those events listed above in this subsection. 

(e)          Any
Authorization of a Government Authority necessary for the execution, delivery or performance of any Loan Document or for the validity
or enforceability of any of the Obligations under any Loan Document is not given or is withdrawn or ceases to remain in full force
or effect. 

(f)          The
validity of any material provision of any Loan Document shall be contested in writing by the Borrower, or any Applicable Law shall
render any material provision of any Loan Document invalid or unenforceable or shall prevent or materially delay the performance
or observance by the Borrower of the Obligations. 

(g)          The
Borrower shall breach or default with respect to any other material term of one or more items of indebtedness in the individual
or aggregate principal amounts in excess of  $1,000,000, if the effect of such breach or default is to cause, or to permit
the holder or holders of that indebtedness (or a trustee on behalf of such holder or holders), to cause that indebtedness to become,
or be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction, due and payable prior to its stated maturity. 

Section 5.4   Remedies.
 Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, and at any time thereafter unless and until such Event of Default has been waived
by the Required Lenders: (a) all indebtedness of Borrower under each of the Loan Documents, any term thereof to the contrary notwithstanding,
shall at Required Lenders  option become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or notice of dishonor,
all of which are hereby expressly waived by Borrower; (b) the obligation, if any, of Lenders to extend any further credit under
any of the Loan Documents shall immediately cease and terminate; and (c) each Lender shall have all rights, powers and remedies
available under each of the Loan Documents, or accorded by law, including without limitation the right to resort to any or all
security (if any) for any credit subject hereto or as specified under the Pledge and Security Agreement and to exercise any or
all of the rights of a beneficiary or secured party (if applicable) pursuant to Applicable Law. All rights, powers and remedies
of Lenders after the occurrence of an Event of Default are cumulative and not exclusive, and shall be in addition to any other
rights, powers or remedies provided by law or equity. 

Section 5.5   Automatic
Acceleration on Dissolution or Bankruptcy . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, if an Event of Default under
 Section 5.2(b)  shall occur, the principal of the Notes (together with any other amounts accrued or payable under this Agreement)
shall thereupon become immediately due and payable without any presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. 

Section 5.6   Recovery
Amounts Due . If any amount payable hereunder is not paid as and when due, the Borrower hereby authorizes the Required Lenders
to proceed, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, without prior notice, by right of set-off, banker s lien or
counterclaim, against any moneys or other assets of the Borrower to the full extent of all amounts payable to the Lenders. 

ARTICLE 6 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 6.1           Notices .
Any notices required or permitted to be given under the terms hereof shall be sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt
requested) or delivered personally or by courier (including a recognized overnight delivery service) or, if to the Borrower, by
electronic mail and shall be effective five (5) days after being placed in the mail, if mailed by regular United States mail, or
upon receipt, if delivered personally or by courier (including a recognized overnight delivery service), or when received by electronic
mail in each case addressed to a Party. The addresses for such communications shall be: 

If to the Borrower: 

Fortress Biotech, Inc. 

  2 Gansevoort, 9  th   Floor 

 New York, NY 10014 

 E-mail: sberry@fortressbiotech.com 

 Attention: Samuel W. Berry, Corporate Counsel 

With a copy to: 

Alston   Bird, LLP 

 90 Park Avenue 

 New York, New York 10016 

 Email: mark.mcelreath@alston.com 

 Attn: Mark F. McElreath, Esq. 

If to a Lender: 

To the address of such Lender set forth
on the signature page hereto. 

A Party may designate a different address for communications
in a written notice to the other Parties delivered in compliance with this Section. 

Section 6.2   Waiver
of Notice.  Whenever any notice is required to be given to the Lenders or the Borrower under any of the Loan Documents, a waiver
thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall
be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. 

Section 6.3   Reimbursement
of Legal and Other Expenses.  Borrower shall pay to the Lenders the full amount of all reasonable attorneys  fees, actually
expended or incurred by the Lenders in connection with the negotiation and preparation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
up to $25,000. In addition, if any amount owing to the Lenders under any Loan Document shall be collected through enforcement of
this Agreement, any Loan Document or restructuring of the Loans in the nature of a work-out, settlement, negotiation, or any process
of law, or shall be placed in the hands of third Persons for collection, the Borrower shall pay (in addition to all monies then
due in respect of the Loan or otherwise payable under any Loan Document) all reasonable and documented external attorneys 
and other fees and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in respect of such collection. 

Section 6.4   Governing
Law . ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY, ENFORCEMENT AND INTERPRETATION OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED
IN SUCH STATE. Each Party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (whether brought against a Party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders,
employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York. Each Party
hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, borough
of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby
or discussed herein and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it
is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient
venue for such proceeding. Each Party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served
in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such Party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right
to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. The Parties hereby waive all rights to a trial by jury. 

Section 6.5   Successors
and Assigns.  This Agreement shall bind and inure to the respective successors and permitted assigns of the Parties, except
that (a) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer all or any part of its rights under the Loan Documents without the prior
written consent of the Lenders and (b) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no Lender may assign or otherwise
transfer all or part of its rights or obligations under the Loan Documents without the prior written consent of the Borrower (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Upon a Lender s assignment of a Note such Lender shall provide notice
of the transfer to Borrower for recordation in the Register pursuant to  Section 1.4 . Upon receipt of a notice of a transfer
of an interest in a Note, Borrower shall record the identity of the transferee and other relevant information in the Register,
and the transferee shall (to the extent of the interests transferred to such transferee) have all the rights and obligations of,
and shall be deemed, a Lender hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, no Lender shall
assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights under the Loan Documents to a Person that is not a United States person (as such
term is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) without the prior written consent of the Borrower. 

Section 6.6   Entire
Agreement.  The Loan Documents contain the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the matters covered thereby and
supersede any and all other written and oral communications, negotiations, commitments and writings with respect thereto. The provisions
of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended only by an instrument in writing signed by the authorized officer
of each Party;  provided ,  however , that Lenders with Pro Rata Shares in excess of 50% shall have the right to amend,
modify or waive any provision of this Agreement on behalf of all Lenders. 

Section 6.7   Severability.
 If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any Applicable Law, the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 

Section 6.8   Counterparts.
 This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, and by each Party on separate counterparts, each of which and any photocopies
and facsimile copies thereof shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

Section 6.9   Survival .  

(a)          This
Agreement and all agreements, representations and warranties made in the Loan Documents, and in any document, certificate or statement
delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith, shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other Parties and shall
survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the Loans hereunder regardless of any investigation made
by any such other Party or on its behalf, and shall continue in force until all amounts payable under the Loan Documents shall
have been fully paid in accordance with the provisions thereof; the Lenders shall not be deemed to have waived, by reason of making
the Loans, any Event of Default that may arise by reason of such representation or warranty proving to have been false or misleading,
notwithstanding that the Lenders may have had notice or knowledge of any such Event of Default or may have had notice or knowledge
that such representation or warranty was false or misleading at the time the Disbursement was made. 

(b)          The
obligations of the Borrower under  Sections 1.4  and  2.5  and the obligations of the Borrower and the Lenders
under this Article 6 shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, or the termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. 

Section 6.10   No
Waiver.  Neither the failure of, nor any delay on the part of, any Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder,
or under any Loan Document, shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or
privilege hereunder, or under any Loan Document, preclude other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
power or privilege; nor shall any waiver of any right, power, privilege or default hereunder, or under any Loan Document, constitute
a waiver of any other right, power, privilege or default or constitute a waiver of any default of the same or of any other term
or provision. No course of dealing and no delay in exercising, or omission to exercise, any right, power or remedy accruing to
the Lenders upon any default under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall impair any such right, power or remedy or be
construed to be a waiver thereof or an acquiescence therein; nor shall the action of the Lenders in respect of any such default,
or any acquiescence by it therein, affect or impair any right, power or remedy of the Lenders in respect of any other default.
All rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies otherwise provided by law. 

Section 6.11   Indemnity .  

(a)          The
Borrower shall, at all times, indemnify and hold each Lender harmless (the   Indemnity  ) and each of their respective
directors, partners, officers, employees, agents, counsel and advisors (each, an   Indemnified Person  ) in connection
with any losses, claims (including the reasonable attorneys  fees incurred in defending against such claims), damages, liabilities,
penalties, or other expenses arising out of, or relating to, the Loan Documents, the extension of   credit
hereunder or the Loans or the use or intended use of the Loans, which an Indemnified Person may incur or to which an Indemnified
Person may become subject, but excluding Excluded Taxes (each, a   Loss  ). The Indemnity shall not apply to the
extent that a court or arbitral tribunal of competent jurisdiction issues a final judgment that such Loss resulted from the gross
negligence or willful misconduct of the Indemnified Person. The Indemnity is independent of and in addition to any other agreement
of Borrower under any Loan Document to pay any amount to the Lenders, and any exclusion of any obligation to pay any amount under
this subsection shall not affect the requirement to pay such amount under any other section hereof or under any other agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, this  Section 6.11  shall not apply to Indemnified Taxes (which are otherwise addressed in  Section
2.5  hereof).  

(b)          Promptly
after receipt by an Indemnified Person of notice of the commencement of any action (including any governmental action), such Indemnified
Person shall, if it intends to submit a claim for indemnification under this  Section 6.11 , deliver to Borrower a written
notice of the commencement thereof, and Borrower shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent Borrower so desires,
to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to Borrower and the Indemnified Person, as the case
may be. 

(c)          An
Indemnified Person shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the documented reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses
to be paid by the Borrower, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel for the Indemnified Person, the representation by counsel
selected by Borrower would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person and
any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Borrower shall pay for only one separate legal counsel for
each Indemnified Person. The failure of an Indemnified Person to deliver written notice to the Borrower within a reasonable time
of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve the Borrower of any liability to the Indemnified Person under this  Section
6.11 , except to the extent that Borrower is actually prejudiced in its ability to defend such action. 

Section 6.12   No
Usury.  The Loan Documents are hereby expressly limited so that in no contingency or event whatsoever, whether by reason of
acceleration or otherwise, shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to the Lenders for the Loans exceed the maximum amount permissible
under Applicable Law. If from any circumstance whatsoever fulfillment of any provision hereof, at the time performance of such
provision shall be due, shall involve transcending the limit of validity prescribed by law, then,  ipso facto , the obligation
to be fulfilled shall be reduced to the limit of such validity, and if from any such circumstance the Lenders shall ever receive
anything which might be deemed interest under Applicable Law that would exceed the highest lawful rate, such amount that would
be deemed excessive interest shall be applied to the reduction of the principal amount owing on account of the Loans, or, if such
deemed excessive interest exceeds the unpaid balance of principal of the Loan, such deemed excess shall be refunded to the Borrower.
All sums paid or agreed to be paid to the Lenders for the Loans shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, be deemed to
be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full term of the Loans until payment in full so that the deemed rate
of interest on account of the Loans is uniform throughout the term thereof. The terms and provisions of this Section shall control
and supersede every other provision of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

Section 6.13   Further
Assurances.  From time to time, the Borrower shall perform any and all acts and execute and deliver to the Lenders such additional
documents as may be necessary or as reasonably requested by the Lenders to carry out the purposes of any Loan Document or any or
to preserve and protect the Lenders  rights as contemplated therein. 

Section 6.14   Termination .
The Borrower may upon 15 days  notice to the Lenders terminate this Agreement, and the other Loan Documents (other than the
Warrants) upon payment in full of the Obligations (other than under the Warrants). 

Section 6.15   Lenders 
Obligations . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several, and no Lender shall be responsible for the obligations or
Commitment of any other Lender hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other Loan Document, and no action taken by the Lenders
pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Lenders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any
other kind of entity. Anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding, each Lender hereby
agrees with each other Lender that each Lender shall be permitted to take any action to protect or enforce its rights arising out
of this Agreement or any Note or otherwise with respect to the Obligations without first obtaining the prior written consent of
the other Lender, it being the intent of the Lenders that any such action to protect or enforce rights under this Agreement and
any Note or otherwise with respect to the Obligations shall be independent rights of action. Any Lenders that are Affiliates as
of any date of determination shall constitute one (1) creditor holding a single claim for purposes of determining whether a class
of claims has made an election pursuant to   1111(b) of the Bankruptcy Code and for determining whether a class of claims
has accepted or rejected a plan pursuant to   1126 (c) of the Bankruptcy Code. In the event of a bankruptcy of the Borrower,
the Lenders that are Affiliates of one another shall not take or agree to take actions inconsistent with their agreement to be
deemed one (1) creditor holding a single claim. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Lenders and the
Borrower have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 

BORROWER:   

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC.    

By: 
     /s/ Lindsay A. Rosenwald, MD  

Name: 
     Lindsay A. Rosenwald, MD  

Title: 
     President   CEO  

[ Signature
Page to Credit Facility Agreement ] 

LENDERS:  

OPUS POINT HEALTHCARE INNOVATIONS FUND, LP  

By: Opus Point Healthcare Fund GP, LLC,  

its general partner  

By: 
     /s/ Michael S. Weiss  

Name: 
     Michael S. Weiss  

Title: 
     Manager  

[  
      ]   

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Commitment Amount: $  

Address:  

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO CREDIT FACILITY AGREEMENT] 

EXHIBIT A   FORM OF NOTE  

[See attached.] 

EXHIBIT B-1   FORM OF COMMITMENT WARRANTS 

[See attached.] 

EXHIBIT B-2   FORM OF FUNDING WARRANTS 

[Same as Exhibit B-1.] 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 3
 v449362_ex10-34.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.34

Exhibit 10.34  

Form of Fortress Biotech, Inc.  

CONVERTIBLE SECURED
PROMISSORY NOTE  

FOR AMOUNTS ADVANCED AS SHOWN 
 ON  EXHIBIT
A  ATTACHED HERETO 

Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined
herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in that certain Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2016, by and
among Fortress Biotech, Inc. (the   Company  ), Opus Point Healthcare Innovations Fund, LP and other lenders (if
any) listed on the signature pages thereto (the   Facility Agreement  ). 

1.            Principal
and Interest . Fortress Biotech, Inc. (the   Company  ), for value received, pursuant to this Senior Secured
Convertible Promissory Note (the   Note  ), hereby promises to pay to the order of_____________(  Holder  )
in lawful money of the United States of America, the principal amount as may be advanced from time to time by Holder as shown
on  Exhibit A  attached hereto, with interest from the date of each advance at 12% per annum on the unpaid balance until
paid. Interest shall be accrued in accordance with the Facility Agreement. Such principal and Accrued Interest Amounts shall be
due and payable in accordance with the Facility Agreement. All unpaid principal and interest on this Note may be prepaid at any
time without penalty. 

2.            Advances .
Advances under this Note shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

(a)  draws may be made upon request by the Company with at least fifteen (15) days 
advance notice to Holder; and 

(b)  all advances, at the time made, shall be noted on  Exhibit A  of this Note and
shall be signed by an authorized officer of the Company. 

3.            Conversion .
From and after the date hereof, this Note shall be convertible at Holder s discretion into shares of the common stock of
the Company, par value $0.001 per share, at $10.00 per share, in accordance with the Facility Agreement. 

4.            Security .
All indebtedness represented by this Note shall be secured by the Pledged Shares, in accordance with the Loan Documents. 

5.            Attorneys 
Fees . If the indebtedness represented by this Note or any part thereof is collected in bankruptcy, receivership or other judicial
proceedings or if this Note is placed in the hands of attorneys for collection after default, the Company agrees to pay, in addition
to the principal and interest payable hereunder, reasonable attorneys  fees and costs incurred by Holder. 

6.            Notices .
Any notice, other communication or payment required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
given upon receipt by the other party. 

7.            Acceleration .
This Note shall become immediately due and payable if (i) the Company commences any proceeding in bankruptcy or for dissolution,
liquidation, winding-up, composition or other relief under state or federal bankruptcy laws; (ii) such proceedings are commenced
against the Company, or a receiver or trustee is appointed for the Company or a substantial part of its property; (iii) there is
any material breach of any material covenant, warranty, representation or other term or condition of this Note at any time that
is not cured within the time periods permitted therein, or if no cure period therein, within five (5) days after the date on which
such breach occurs; or (iv) as set forth in Section 5.5 of the Facility Agreement. 

8.            No
Dilution or Impairment . The Company will not, by amendment of its charter documents or through any reorganization, transfer
of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid
the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Note, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out
of all such terms and in the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the
Holder. 

9.            Waivers .
Company hereby waives presentment, demand for performance, notice of nonperformance, protest, notice of protest and notice of dishonor.
No delay on the part of the Holder in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or any other right. 

10.          Governing
Law . This Note is being delivered in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. 

11.          Credit
Facility Agreement . This Note shall be subject in all respects to and construed in accordance with the Facility Agreement.
In the event of a discrepancy or inconsistency between the terms of this Note and the terms of the Facility Agreement, the terms
of the Facility Agreement shall control. 

ISSUED as of_______________ ______, 201____. 

Fortress Biotech, Inc.  

By: 

Name:  

Title:  

EXHIBIT A  

SCHEDULE OF ADVANCES  

Date of Advance  
       
      Amount Advanced  
       
      Signature  

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.35>
 4
 v449362_ex10-35.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.35

Exhibit 10.35  

NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE
SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES
COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE   SECURITIES
ACT  ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES
ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH
EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. 

FORM OF
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

To Purchase [___________] Shares
of Common Stock of 

Fortress Biotech, Inc. 

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (THIS
  WARRANT  ) CERTIFIES that, for value received, [__________] (the   Holder  ), is entitled,
upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after
the date hereof (the   Initial Exercise Date  ) and on or prior to the close of business on the fifth
anniversary of the date hereof (the   Termination Date  ) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase
from Fortress Biotech, Inc., a corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware (the   Company  ), up
to____________________shares (the   Warrant Shares  ) of Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the
Company (the   Common Stock  ). The purchase price of one share of Common Stock (the   Exercise
Price  ) under this Warrant shall be $3.00, subject to adjustment hereunder. The Exercise Price and the number of
Warrant Shares for which the Warrant is exercisable shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein. 

1.    Title to
Warrant.    Prior to the Termination Date and subject to compliance with applicable laws and  Section
7  of this Warrant, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, at the office or agency
of the Company by the Holder in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Warrant together with the
 Assignment Form  annexed hereto properly endorsed. The transferee shall sign an investment letter in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company. 

2.     Authorization
of Shares.    The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be
issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges in
respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). 

3.     Exercise
of Warrant.  

(a)     Cash
Exercise . Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made at any time or times, in whole or in part,
on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by the surrender of this Warrant and the  Notice
of Exercise Form  annexed hereto duly executed, at the office of the Company (or such other office or agency of the Company
as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
and, upon payment of the Exercise Price of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer or cashier's check drawn on a United States
bank, if applicable, the Holder shall be entitled to receive a certificate for the number of Warrant Shares so purchased. Certificates
for shares purchased hereunder shall be delivered to the Holder within ten (10) business days after the date on which this Warrant
shall have been exercised as aforesaid. This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised, such certificate or certificates shall
be deemed to  have been issued, and the Holder or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have
become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised by payment to the Company
of the Exercise Price and all taxes required to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to  Section 5  prior to the issuance
of such shares have been paid. 

(b)     Net
Issue Exercise . If, as of any date after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date, there is no effective
registration statement of the Company covering the resale of the Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of this Warrant, the
Holder, at its option, may elect (in whole or in part) on any such date (and only on any such date) to receive Warrant Shares equal
to the value of this Warrant (or the portion thereof being canceled) by surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the
Company together with  Notice of Exercise Form  annexed hereto duly executed, in which event the Company shall issue
to the Holder a number of Warrant Shares computed using the following formula: 

Y (A-B) 

 X =         

 A 

Where:                   X = the number of Warrant
Shares to be issued to the Holder; 

Y = the number of Warrant Shares purchasable under
this Warrant; 

A = the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date
of determination; and 

B = the per share Exercise Price (as adjusted to
the date of such calculation). 

For purposes of this  Section 3 , the per share
 Fair Market Value  of the Warrant Shares shall mean: 

(i)    If
the Company s Common Stock is publicly traded, the per share fair market value of the Warrant Shares shall be the average
of the closing prices of the Common Stock as quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, or the principal exchange on which
the Common Stock is listed, in each case for the fifteen business days ending five business days prior to the date of determination
of fair market value; or 

 (ii)   If
the Company s Common Stock is not so publicly traded, the per share fair market value of the Warrant Shares shall be such
fair market value as is determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company after taking into consideration factors
it deems appropriate, including, without limitation, recent sale and offer prices of the capital stock of the Company in private
transactions negotiated at arm s length. 

(c)    If
this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates representing
Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares
called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

4.    No
Fractional Shares or Scrip.    No fractional shares or scrip representing
fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which Holder would otherwise
be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company shall pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount
equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price. 

5.     Charges,
Taxes and Expenses.    Issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder
for any issue or transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of  such certificate, all of which
taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company, and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name
or names as may be directed by the Holder;  provided ,  however , that in the event certificates for Warrant Shares
are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied
by the  Assignment Form  attached hereto duly executed by the Holder; and the Company may require, as a condition
thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. 

6.     Closing
of Books.    The Company will not close its stockholder books or records
in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

7.    Transfer,
Division and Combination.  

(a)    Subject
to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in  Sections 1  and  7(e)  hereof,
this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the office of
the Company, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the  Assignment Form  attached
hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the
making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment: (i) the Company shall execute and deliver a new
Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees and in the denomination or denominations specified in such
instrument of assignment (ii) the Company shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant
not so assigned, and (iii) this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. A Warrant, if properly assigned, may be exercised by a
new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

(b)    The
Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer (i) that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may
be, furnish to the Company a written opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions
of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that such transfer may be made without registration under the Securities Act
and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, (ii) that the Holder or transferee execute and deliver to the Company an
investment letter in form and substance acceptable to the Company and (iii) that the transferee be an  accredited investor 
as defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated under the Securities Act. 

8.     No
Rights as Shareholder until Exercise.    This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other
rights as a shareholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof. Upon the surrender of this Warrant and the payment of the
aggregate Exercise Price, the Warrant Shares so purchased shall be and be deemed to be issued to such Holder as the record owner
of such shares as of the close of business on the later of the date of such surrender or payment. 

9.     Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant.    The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence
reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating
to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which,
in the case of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or
stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated
as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

10.   Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc.    If the last or appointed day for the taking of
any action or the expiration of any right required or granted herein shall be a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday, then such
action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding day not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday. 

11.    Adjustments
of Exercise Price and Number of Warrant Shares.    The number and kind of securities purchasable upon the
exercise of this Warrant at the Exercise Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the
following: In case the Company shall (i) pay a dividend in shares of Common Stock or make a distribution in shares of Common
Stock to all holders of its outstanding Common Stock, (ii) subdivide its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater
number of shares, (iii) combine its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock, or
(iv) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the Common Stock, then the number of Warrant Shares
purchasable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior thereto shall be adjusted so that the Holder shall be entitled to
receive the kind and number of Warrant Shares or other securities of the Company which it would have owned or have been
entitled to receive had such Warrant been exercised in advance thereof. Upon each such adjustment of the kind and number of
Warrant Shares or other securities of the Company which are purchasable hereunder, the Holder shall thereafter be entitled to
purchase the number of Warrant Shares or other securities resulting from such adjustment at an Exercise Price per Warrant
Share or other security obtained by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment by the
number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant hereto immediately prior to such adjustment and dividing by the number of
Warrant Shares or other securities of the Company resulting from such adjustment. An adjustment made pursuant to this
paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such event retroactive to the record date, if any,
for such event. 

12.    Reclassification,
Merger, Consolidation or Disposition of Assets.    In case the Company shall reclassify its Common Stock,
consolidate or merge with or into another corporation (where the Company is not the surviving corporation), or sell, transfer
or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all its property, assets or business to another corporation and, pursuant to the
terms of such reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets, shares of common stock of the successor or
acquiring corporation, or any cash, shares of stock or other securities or property of any nature whatsoever (including
warrants or other subscription or purchase rights) in addition to or in lieu of common stock of the successor or acquiring
corporation (  Other Property  ), are to be received by or distributed to the holders of Common Stock of the
Company, then the Holder shall have the right thereafter to receive, upon exercise of this Warrant, the number of shares of
common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation and Other Property receivable upon or as a result of such
reclassification, merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a holder of the total number of shares of Common Stock
for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately prior to such event. In case of any such reclassification, merger,
consolidation or disposition of assets, the successor or acquiring corporation (if other than the Company) shall expressly
assume the due and punctual observance and performance of each and every covenant and condition of this Warrant to be
performed and observed by the Company and all the obligations and liabilities hereunder, subject to such modifications as may
be deemed appropriate (as determined in good faith by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Company) in order to
provide for adjustments of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable which shall be as nearly equivalent as
practicable to the adjustments provided for in this  Section 12 . For purposes of this  Section 12 ,
 common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation  shall include stock of such corporation of any class
which is not preferred as to dividends or assets over any other class of stock of such corporation and which is not subject
to redemption and shall also include any evidences of indebtedness, shares of stock or other securities which are convertible
into or exchangeable for any such stock, either immediately or upon the arrival of a specified date or the happening of a
specified event and any warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any such stock. The foregoing provisions of
this  Section 12  shall similarly apply to successive reorganizations, reclassifications, mergers, consolidations or
disposition of assets. 

13.    Notice
of Adjustment.    Whenever the number of Warrant Shares or number or kind
of securities or other property purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant or the Exercise Price is adjusted, as herein provided,
the Company shall give notice thereof to the Holder, which notice shall state the number of Warrant Shares (and other securities
or property) purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant and the Exercise Price of such Warrant Shares (and other securities
or property) after such adjustment, setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment and setting forth the
computation by which such adjustment was made. 

14.    Authorized
Shares.    The Company covenants that during the period the Warrant is outstanding,
it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the
Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of
this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to
execute and issue the necessary certificates for the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided
herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the NASDAQ or any other exchange on which
the Common Stock may be listed. 

15.    Miscellaneous.  

(a)    Jurisdiction.    This
Warrant shall constitute a contract made under the laws of New York, without regard to its conflict of law, principles or rules. 

(b)    Restrictions.    The
Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant will have restrictions upon resale imposed
by state and federal securities laws and will have an appropriate legend imprinted thereon. 

(c)    Nonwaiver.    No
course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of the Holder shall operate as a waiver of
such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder's rights, powers or remedies; provided, however, that all rights hereunder terminate
on the Termination Date. 

(d)    Notices.    Any
notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Agreement; provided that upon any permitted assignment of this Warrant, the assignee
shall promptly provide the Company with its contact information. 

(e)    Limitation
of Liability.    No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this
Warrant or purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability
of Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by
the Company or by creditors of the Company. 

(f)    Successors
and Assigns.    Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the
rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the
successors and permitted assigns of the Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of all Holders
from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by any such Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

(g)    Amendment.    This
Warrant may be modified or amended (or the provisions hereof waived) with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

(h)    Severability.    Wherever
possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions
of this Warrant. 

(i)    Headings.    The
headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of this
Warrant. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company
has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: 

Fortress Biotech, Inc.  

By: 

Name  

Title: 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE FORM 

To: 
     Fortress Biotech, Inc.  

2 Gansevoort Street, 9 th  Floor 
    New York, NY 10014  

Attn: Legal Department  

(1)   The
undersigned hereby elects to purchase__________Warrant Shares of Fortress Biotech, Inc. pursuant to the terms of the attached
Warrant, and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.  

(2)   Method
of Exercise (Please initial the applicable blank): 

______ 
       
     The undersigned elects to exercise the attached Warrant by means of a cash payment and tenders herewith or by concurrent wire transfer payment in full for the purchase price of the shares being purchased, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.  

______ 
       
     The undersigned elects to exercise the attached Warrant by means of the net exercise provisions of Section 1(b) of the Warrant.  

(3)   Please
issue a certificate or certificates representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is
specified below: 

The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following: 

(3)          Accredited
Investor.     The undersigned is an  accredited investor  as defined
in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

[PURCHASER]  

By: 

Name:  

Title:  

Dated:  

ASSIGNMENT FORM 

(To assign
the foregoing warrant, execute  
this form and supply required information.  
Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.) 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing
Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

whose address is  

Dated:
____________, ______________ 

Holder's Signature: 

Holder's Address: 

Signature   Guaranteed: 

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form must
correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever,
and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary or other representative
capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant. 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.36>
 5
 v449362_ex10-36.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.36

Exhibit 10.36  

PLEDGE AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

PLEDGE AND
SECURITY AGREEMENT  (this   Agreement  ), dated as of September 14, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ),
is made by  Fortress Biotech, Inc. , a Delaware corporation (the   Company   and a   Grantor  
and, collectively with FBIO Acquisition, Inc., the   Grantors  ), in favor of  Opus Point Healthcare Innovations
Fund, LP , in its capacity as collateral agent (in such capacity, the   Collateral Agent  ) for the Holders
(as defined below) of Notes (as defined below) issued pursuant to the Credit Facility Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2016
(as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the   Facility Agreement  ). 

W   I   T   N   E   S   S   E   T   H : 

WHEREAS, the
Company, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders are parties to the Facility Agreement, pursuant to which the Company has the right
to borrow up to $25 million; 

WHEREAS, it is
a condition precedent to the Lenders consummating the transactions contemplated by the Facility Agreement that the Grantors execute
and deliver to the Collateral Agent this Agreement providing for the grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Holders
(as defined below) a security interest in the Pledged Shares (as defined below) to secure all of the Company s obligations
under the Facility Agreement and the Notes issued pursuant thereto and the other Loan Documents; 

WHEREAS, the
Grantors (i) are mutually dependent on each other in the conduct of their respective businesses as an integrated operation and
(ii) will receive a mutual benefit from the proceeds received by the Company in respect of the issuance of the Notes; and 

WHEREAS, each
Grantor has determined that the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement directly benefit and are in the best interest
of the Company and such Grantor. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the premises and the agreements herein and in order to induce the Holders (as defined below) to perform under
the Facility Agreement, each Grantor agrees with the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Holders (as defined below), as follows: 

SECTION 1.   Definitions . 

(a)
Reference is hereby made to the Facility Agreement and the Notes for a statement of the terms thereof. All capitalized terms
used in this Agreement and the recitals hereto which are defined in the Facility Agreement, the Notes or in Articles 8 or 9
of the Uniform Commercial Code (the   Code  ), as in effect from time to time in the State of New York, and
which are not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings herein as set forth therein;  provided  that terms
used herein which are defined in the Code as in effect in the State of New York on the date hereof shall continue to have the
same meanings, notwithstanding any replacement or amendment of such statute, except as the Collateral Agent may otherwise
determine. 

(b) As used in
this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings indicated below, such meanings to be applicable equally
to both the singular and plural forms of such terms: 

Collateral   has
the meaning set forth in  Section 2  hereof. 

Event
of Default   means (i) any defined event of default under any one or more of the Loan Documents, in each instance, after
giving effect to any notice, grace, or cure periods provided for in the applicable Loan Document, (ii) the failure by the Company
to pay any amounts when due under the Notes or any other Loan Document, or (iii) the material breach of any representation, warranty
or covenant by any Grantor under this Agreement. 

Existing
Issuer   has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of the term  Pledged Shares . 

Holder  
means each holder of any of the Notes (as defined in the Facility Agreement), together with their respective successors and permitted
assigns. 

Insolvency
Proceeding   means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (Chapter
11 of Title 11 of the United States Code) or under any other bankruptcy or insolvency law, assignments for the benefit of creditors,
formal or informal moratoria, compositions, or extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement,
or other similar relief. 

Lien  
means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien (statutory or otherwise), security interest, charge or other encumbrance or security
or preferential arrangement of any nature, including, without limitation, any conditional sale or title retention arrangement,
any capitalized lease and any assignment, deposit arrangement or financing lease intended as, or having the effect of, security. 

Obligations  
has the meaning set forth in  Section 3  hereof. 

Pledged
Issuer   has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of the term  Pledged Shares . 

Pledged
Shares   means (a) the shares of capital stock or other equity interests described in  Schedule II  hereto (as such
schedule shall be updated from time to time with the mutual agreement of the Grantors and the Collateral agent pursuant to  Section
10(a) ), whether or not evidenced or represented by any stock certificate, certificated security or other Instrument, issued
by the Persons described in such  Schedule II  (the   Existing Issuers  ) and (b) the certificates representing
such shares of capital stock. For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to entities, the ownership interests of which are granted
hereunder by a Grantor (each, a   Pledged Issuer  ) existing as of the Effective Date,  Pledged Shares 
shall not include any shares in any such Pledged Issuer which any Grantor shall receive subsequent to the Effective Date. 

SECTION 2.  Grant
of Security Interest . As collateral security for all of the Obligations, each Grantor hereby pledges and assigns to the Collateral
Agent for the benefit of the Holders, and grants to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Holders, a continuing first priority
security interest in the Pledged Shares (the   Collateral  ). 

SECTION 3.  Security
for Obligations . The security interest created hereby in the Collateral constitutes continuing collateral security for all
of the following obligations, whether now existing or hereafter incurred (collectively, the   Obligations  ): 

(a)          the
prompt payment by each Grantor, as and when due and payable (by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or
otherwise), of all amounts from time to time owing by it in respect of the Facility Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents,
including, without limitation, (i) all principal of and interest on the Notes (including, without limitation, all interest that
accrues after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding of any Grantor, whether or not the payment of such interest is unenforceable
or is not allowable due to the existence of such Insolvency Proceeding) and (ii) all fees, commissions, expense reimbursements,
indemnifications and all other amounts due or to become due under any of the Loan Documents; and 

(b)          the
due performance and observance by each Grantor of all of its other obligations from time to time existing in respect of any of
the Loan Documents for so long as the Notes are outstanding. 

SECTION 4.  Representations
and Warranties . Each Grantor represents and warrants as follows: 

(a)           Schedule
I  hereto sets forth the exact legal name, jurisdiction of organization and entity type of such Grantor. 

(b)          There
is no pending or written notice threatening any action, suit, proceeding or claim affecting such Grantor before any governmental
authority or any arbitrator, or any order, judgment or award by any governmental authority or arbitrator, that may adversely affect
the grant by such Grantor, or the perfection of the security interest purported to be created hereby in the Collateral, or the
exercise by the Collateral Agent of any of its rights or remedies hereunder. 

(c)          All
Federal, state and local tax returns and other reports required by applicable law to be filed by such Grantor have been filed,
or extensions have been obtained, and all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges imposed upon such Grantor or any property
of such Grantor (including, without limitation, all federal income and social security taxes on employees  wages) and which
have become due and payable on or prior to the date hereof have been paid, except to the extent contested in good faith by proper
proceedings which stay the imposition of any penalty, fine or Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which
adequate reserves have been set aside for the payment thereof in accordance with GAAP. 

(d)          Such
Grantor is and will be at all times the sole and exclusive owner of, or otherwise has and will have adequate rights in, the Collateral
free and clear of any Liens, except for Permitted Liens. No effective financing statement or other instrument similar in effect
covering all or any part of the Collateral is on file in any recording or filing office except (A) such as may have been filed
in favor of the Collateral Agent relating to this Agreement, and (B) such as may have been filed to perfect any Permitted Liens. 

(e)          The
exercise by the Collateral Agent of any of its rights and remedies hereunder will not contravene any law or any contractual restriction
binding on or otherwise affecting such Grantor or any of its properties and will not result in or require the creation of any Lien,
upon or with respect to any of its properties. 

(f)           No
authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or other
regulatory body, or any other Person, is required for (i) the grant by such Grantor of the security interest purported to be
created hereby in the Collateral, or (ii) the exercise by the Collateral Agent of any of its rights and remedies hereunder,
except (A) for the filing under the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the applicable jurisdiction of the financing
statements. 

(g)          This
Agreement creates in favor of the Collateral Agent a legal, valid and enforceable security interest in the Collateral, as security
for the Obligations. Such security interests are, or, in the case of Collateral in which such Grantor obtains rights after the
date hereof, will be, first priority security interests, subject only to Permitted Liens and the recording of such instruments
of assignment. 

(h)          Each
of the Grantors (other than the Company) is a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company. 

SECTION 5.  Covenants
as to the Collateral . So long as any of the Obligations shall remain outstanding, unless the Collateral Agent shall otherwise
consent in writing: 

(a)           Further
Assurances . Each Grantor will at its expense, at any time and from time to time, promptly execute and deliver all further instruments
and documents and take all further action that the Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to: (i) perfect and protect
the security interest purported to be created hereby; (ii) enable the Collateral Agent to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies
hereunder in respect of the Collateral; or (iii) otherwise effect the purposes of this Agreement, including, without limitation:
delivering and pledging to the Collateral Agent hereunder each of the Pledged Shares, now or hereafter owned by such Grantor, duly
endorsed and accompanied by executed instruments of transfer or assignment, all in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent, (C) executing and filing (to the extent, if any, that such Grantor s signature is required thereon) or authenticating
the filing of, such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, as may be necessary or desirable or that the Collateral
Agent may request in order to perfect and preserve the security interest purported to be created hereby, (D) furnishing to the
Collateral Agent from time to time statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Collateral and such other reports
in connection with the Collateral in each case as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail, (E) if
any Collateral shall be in the possession of a third party, notifying such Person of the Collateral Agent s security interest
created hereby and obtaining a written acknowledgment from such Person that such Person holds possession of the Collateral for
the benefit of the Collateral Agent, which such written acknowledgement shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Collateral
Agent, within 10 Business Days of the receipt by a Grantor of any additional Pledged Shares, delivery to the Collateral Agent of
a Pledge Amendment, duly executed by such Grantor, in substantially the form of  Exhibit A  hereto; and (I) taking all actions
required by any earlier versions of the Uniform Commercial Code or by other law, as applicable, in any relevant Uniform Commercial
Code jurisdiction, or by other law as applicable in any foreign jurisdiction. 

(b)           Taxes,
Etc.  Each Grantor agrees to pay promptly when due all property and other taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies
imposed upon, and all claims (including claims for labor, materials and supplies) against, the Equipment and Inventory, except
to the extent the validity thereof is being contested in good faith by proper proceedings which stay the imposition of any penalty,
fine or Lien resulting from the non-payment thereof and with respect to which adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP have been
set aside for the payment thereof. 

(c)          Transfers
and Other Liens. 

(i)          No
Grantor will sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise), lease, license, exchange or otherwise transfer or dispose of any
of the Collateral. 

(ii)         No
Grantor will create, suffer to exist or grant any Lien upon or with respect to any Collateral, other than a Permitted Lien. 

SECTION 6.  Additional Provisions
Concerning the Collateral . 

(a)          Each
Grantor hereby (i) authorizes the Collateral Agent to file one or more Uniform Commercial Code financing or continuation statements,
and amendments thereto, relating to the Collateral and (ii) ratifies such authorization to the extent that the Collateral Agent
has filed any such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto, prior to the date hereof. A photocopy or other
reproduction of this Agreement or any financing statement covering the Collateral or any part thereof shall be sufficient as a
financing statement where permitted by applicable law. 

(b)          Each
Grantor hereby irrevocably appoints the Collateral Agent as its attorney-in-fact and proxy, with full authority in the place and
stead of such Grantor and in the name of such Grantor or otherwise, from time to time in the Collateral Agent s discretion,
so long as an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing, to take any action and to execute any instrument which the
Collateral Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement (subject to the rights of such Grantor
under  Section 5  hereof). This power is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable until the complete conversion of all
of the Company s obligations under the Notes to equity securities of the Company and/or indefeasible payment in full in cash
of all obligations under the Notes (together with any matured indemnification obligations as of the date of such conversion and/or
payment, but excluding any inchoate or unmatured contingent indemnification obligations). 

(c)          If
a Grantor fails to perform any agreement contained herein, the Collateral Agent may itself perform, or cause performance of, such
agreement or obligation, in the name of such Grantor or the Collateral Agent, and the expenses of the Collateral Agent incurred
in connection therewith shall be payable by such Grantor upon demand and shall be secured by the Collateral. 

(d)          The powers
conferred on the Collateral Agent hereunder are solely to protect its interest in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty
upon it to exercise any such powers. Except for the safe custody of any Collateral in its possession and the accounting for moneys
actually received by it hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty as to any Collateral or as to the taking of any necessary
steps to preserve rights against prior parties or any other rights pertaining to any Collateral. 

SECTION 7.  Remedies
Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing: 

(a)          The Collateral
Agent may exercise in respect of the Collateral, in addition to any other rights and remedies provided for herein or otherwise
available to it, all of the rights and remedies of a secured party upon default under the Code (whether or not the Code applies
to the affected Collateral), and also may (i) take absolute control of the Collateral, including, without limitation, transfer
into the Collateral Agent s name or into the name of its nominee or nominees (to the extent the Collateral Agent has not
theretofore done so) and thereafter receive, for the benefit of the Collateral Agent, all payments made thereon, give all consents,
waivers and ratifications in respect thereof and otherwise act with respect thereto as though it were the outright owner thereof,
(ii) require each Grantor to, and each Grantor hereby agrees that it will at its expense and upon request of the Collateral Agent
forthwith, assemble all or part of its respective Collateral as directed by the Collateral Agent and make it available to the Collateral
Agent at a place or places to be designated by the Collateral Agent that is reasonably convenient to both parties, and the Collateral
Agent may enter into and occupy any premises owned or leased by such Grantor where the Collateral or any part thereof is located
or assembled for a reasonable period in order to effectuate the Collateral Agent s rights and remedies hereunder or under
applicable law, without obligation to such Grantor in respect of such occupation, and (iii) without notice, except as specified
below, and without any obligation to prepare or process the Collateral for sale, (A) sell the Collateral or any part thereof in
one or more parcels at public or private sale, at any of the Collateral Agent s offices or elsewhere, for cash, on credit
or for future delivery, and at such price or prices and upon such other terms as the Collateral Agent may deem commercially reasonable
and/or (B) lease, license or dispose of the Collateral or any part thereof upon such terms as the Collateral Agent may deem commercially
reasonable. Each Grantor agrees that, to the extent notice of sale or any other disposition of its respective Collateral shall
be required by applicable law, at least ten (10) days  prior notice to such Grantor of the time and place of any public sale
or the time after which any private sale or other disposition of its respective Collateral is to be made shall constitute reasonable
notification. The Collateral Agent shall not be obligated to make any sale or other disposition of any Collateral regardless of
notice of sale having been given. The Collateral Agent may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by announcement
at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time and place to which it was
so adjourned. Each Grantor hereby acknowledges that (i) any such sale of its respective Collateral by the Collateral Agent shall
be made without warranty, (ii) the Collateral Agent may specifically disclaim any warranties of title, possession, quiet enjoyment
or the like, and (iii) such actions set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above shall not adversely affect the commercial reasonableness
of any such sale of Collateral. Any cash held by the Collateral Agent as Collateral, and all Cash Proceeds received by the Collateral
Agent in respect of any sale of or collection from, or other realization upon, all or any part of the Collateral may, in the discretion
of the Collateral Agent, be held by the Collateral Agent as collateral for, and/or then or at any time thereafter applied in whole
or in part by the Collateral Agent against, all or any part of the Obligations in such order as the Collateral Agent shall elect,
consistent with the provisions of the Facility Agreement. Any surplus of such cash or Cash Proceeds held by the Collateral Agent
and remaining after the complete conversion of all of the Company s obligations under the Notes to equity securities of the
Company and/or indefeasible payment in full in cash of all obligations under the Notes (together with any matured indemnification
obligations as of the date of such conversion and/or payment, but excluding any inchoate or unmatured contingent indemnification
obligations) shall be paid over to whomsoever shall be lawfully entitled to receive the same or as a court of competent jurisdiction
shall direct. 

(b)          In
the event that the proceeds of any such sale, collection or realization are insufficient to pay all amounts to which the Collateral
Agent and the Holders are legally entitled, the Grantor shall continue to be liable for the deficiency, together with interest
thereon as determined in the Loan Documents for interest on overdue principal thereof or such other rate as shall be fixed by applicable
law, together with the costs of collection and the reasonable fees, costs, expenses and other client charges of any attorneys employed
by the Collateral Agent to collect such deficiency. 

(c)          Each
Grantor hereby acknowledges that if the Collateral Agent complies with any applicable state, provincial, or federal law requirements
in connection with a disposition of the Collateral, such compliance will not adversely affect the commercial reasonableness of
any sale or other disposition of the Collateral. 

(d)          The
Collateral Agent shall not be required to marshal any present or future collateral security (including, but not limited to, this
Agreement and the Collateral) for, or other assurances of payment of, the Obligations, or to resort to such collateral security
or other assurances of payment in any particular order, and all of the Collateral Agent s rights hereunder and in respect
of such collateral security and other assurances of payment shall be cumulative and in addition to all other rights, however existing
or arising. To the extent that each Grantor lawfully may, such Grantor hereby agrees that it will not invoke any law relating to
the marshalling of collateral which might cause delay in or impede the enforcement of the Collateral Agent s rights under
this Agreement or under any other instrument creating or evidencing any of the Obligations or under which any of the Obligations
is outstanding or by which any of the Obligations is secured or payment thereof is otherwise assured, and, to the extent that it
lawfully may, such Grantor hereby irrevocably waives the benefits of all such laws. 

SECTION 8.  Indemnity .
Each Grantor agrees, jointly and severally, to defend, protect, indemnify and hold the Collateral Agent and each of the Holders,
jointly and severally, harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, fees,
costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees, costs, expenses, and disbursements of such Person s
counsel) to the extent that they arise out of or otherwise result from this Agreement (including, without limitation, enforcement
of this Agreement), except claims, losses or liabilities resulting solely and directly from such Person s gross negligence
or willful misconduct, as determined by a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

SECTION 9.  Notices,
Etc.  All notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be mailed (by certified mail,
postage prepaid and return receipt requested), telecopied or delivered, if to a Grantor at its address specified below and if to
the Collateral Agent to it, at its address specified below; or as to any such Person, at such other address as shall be designated
by such Person in a written notice to such other Person complying as to delivery with the terms of this  Section 9 . All such
notices and other communications shall be effective (a) if sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, when received or five
days after deposited in the mails, whichever occurs first, (b) if telecopied or sent by electronic mail, when transmitted (during
normal business hours), or (c) if delivered, upon delivery. 

SECTION 10.
 Miscellaneous . 

(a)          No
amendment of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing and signed by each Grantor and the Collateral
Agent, and no waiver of any provision of this Agreement, and no consent to any departure by a Grantor therefrom, shall be effective
unless it is in writing and signed by the Collateral Agent, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific
instance and for the specific purpose for which given. 

(b)          No
failure on the part of the Collateral Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any of the other
Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent or any Holder provided
herein and in the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided
by applicable law. The rights of the Collateral Agent or any Holder under any of the other Loan Documents against any party thereto
are not conditional or contingent on any attempt by such Person to exercise any of its rights under any of the other Loan Documents
against such party or against any other Person, including but not limited to any Grantor. 

(c)          To
the extent permitted by applicable law, each Grantor hereby waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance and any other notice
with respect to any of the Obligations and this Agreement and any requirement that the Collateral Agent exhaust any right or take
any action against any other Person or any Collateral. Each Grantor acknowledges that it will receive direct and indirect benefits
from the financing arrangements contemplated herein and that the waiver set forth in this  Section 10(c)  is knowingly made
in contemplation of such benefits. The Grantors hereby waive any right to revoke this Agreement and acknowledge that this Agreement
is continuing in nature and applies to all Obligations, whether existing now or in the future. 

(d)          No
Grantor may exercise any rights that it may now or hereafter acquire against any other Grantor that arise from the existence, payment,
performance or enforcement of any Grantor s obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation, any right of
subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of
the Collateral Agent against any Grantor or any Collateral, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under
contract, statute or common law, including, without limitation, the right to take or receive from any Grantor, directly or indirectly,
in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or
right, unless and until the complete conversion of all of the Company s obligations under the Notes to equity securities
of the Company and/or indefeasible payment in full in cash of all obligations under the Notes (together with any matured indemnification
obligations as of the date of such conversion and/or payment, but excluding any inchoate or unmatured contingent indemnification
obligations). If any amount shall be paid to a Grantor in violation of the immediately preceding sentence at any time prior to
the complete conversion of all of the Company s obligations under the Notes to equity securities of the Company and/or indefeasible
payment in full in cash of all obligations under the Notes (together with any matured indemnification obligations as of the date
of such conversion and/or payment, but excluding any inchoate or unmatured contingent indemnification obligations), such amount
shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Collateral Agent and shall forthwith be paid to the Collateral Agent to be credited
and applied to the Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance
with the terms of the Loan Documents, or to be held as Collateral for any Obligations or other amounts payable under the Loan Documents
thereafter arising. 

(e)          Any
provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining portions hereof or thereof or affecting
the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

(f)           This
Agreement shall create a continuing security interest in the Collateral and shall (i) remain in full force and effect until the
complete conversion of all of the Company s obligations under the Notes to equity securities of the Company and/or indefeasible
payment in full in cash of all obligations under the Notes (together with any matured indemnification obligations as of the date
of such conversion and/or payment, but excluding any inchoate or unmatured contingent indemnification obligations), and (ii) be
binding on each Grantor and all other Persons who become bound as debtors to this Agreement in accordance with the provisions hereof
and with Section 9-203(d) of the Code and shall inure, together with all rights and remedies of the Collateral Agent and the Holders
hereunder, to the benefit of the Collateral Agent and the Holders and their respective permitted successors, transferees and assigns.
Without limiting the generality of clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence, without notice to any Grantor, the Collateral
Agent and the Holders may assign or otherwise transfer their rights and obligations under this Agreement and any of the other Loan
Documents, to any other Person, and such other Person shall thereupon become vested with all of the benefits in respect thereof
granted to the Collateral Agent and the Holders herein or otherwise. Upon any such assignment or transfer, all references in this
Agreement to the Collateral Agent or any such Holder shall mean the assignee of the Collateral Agent or such Holder. None of the
rights or obligations of any Grantor hereunder may be assigned or otherwise transferred without the prior written consent of the
Collateral Agent, and any such assignment or transfer without the consent of the Collateral Agent shall be null and void. 

(g)          Upon
the complete conversion of all of the Company s obligations under the Notes to equity securities of the Company and/or
indefeasible payment in full in cash of all obligations under the Notes (together with any matured indemnification
obligations as of the date of such conversion and/or payment, but excluding any inchoate or unmatured contingent
indemnification obligations), (i) this Agreement and the security interests created shall terminate, (ii) and all rights to
the Collateral shall revert to the respective Grantor that granted such security interests hereunder, and (iii) the
Collateral Agent will, upon such Grantor s request and at such Grantor s expense, (A) return to such Grantor such
of the Collateral as shall not have been sold or otherwise disposed of or applied pursuant to the terms hereof, and (B)
execute and deliver to such Grantor such documents as such Grantor shall reasonably request to evidence such termination, all
without any representation, warranty or recourse whatsoever. 

(h)          THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, EXCEPT AS
REQUIRED BY MANDATORY PROVISIONS OF LAW AND EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THE VALIDITY AND PERFECTION, OR THE EFFECT OF PERFECTION
OR NON-PERFECTION OF THE SECURITY INTEREST CREATED HEREBY, OR REMEDIES HEREUNDER, IN RESPECT OF ANY PARTICULAR COLLATERAL ARE GOVERNED
BY THE LAW OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(i)           ANY
LEGAL ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED THERETO MAY BE BROUGHT IN THE COURTS
OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK OR THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND
APPELLATE COURTS THEREOF, AND, BY EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH GRANTOR HEREBY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF AND IN
RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTY, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY, THE JURISDICTION OF THE AFORESAID COURTS. EACH GRANTOR HEREBY
EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON THE GROUNDS OF  FORUM NON   CONVENIENS , WHICH IT
MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN SUCH RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS AND
CONSENTS TO THE GRANTING OF SUCH LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RELIEF AS IS DEEMED APPROPRIATE BY THE COURT. 

(j)           EACH
GRANTOR AND (BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF THE BENEFITS OF THIS AGREEMENT) THE COLLATERAL AGENT WAIVE ANY RIGHT THEY MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY
JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED ON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, VERBAL OR WRITTEN STATEMENT OR OTHER ACTION OF THE PARTIES HERETO. 

(k)           Nothing
contained herein shall affect the right of the Collateral Agent to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law
or commence legal proceedings or otherwise proceed against any Grantor or any property of such Grantor in any other jurisdiction. 

(l)           Each
Grantor irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal action, suit or proceeding
referred to in this  Section 10  any special, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages. 

(m)         Section
headings herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement for any other
purpose. 

(n)          This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together constitute one in the same Agreement. 

[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Grantor has caused
this Agreement to be executed and delivered by its officer thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC. , a Delaware corporation  

By: 
     /s/ Lindsay A. Rosenwald  

Name: Lindsay A. Rosenwald, MD  

Title: President   CEO  

Address for Notices:  

2 Gansevoort, 9 th  Floor  

Attn: Legal Dept.  

New York, NY 10014  

FBIO ACQUISITION, INC. , a Delaware corporation  

By: 
     /s/ Lindsay A. Rosenwald  

Name: Lindsay A. Rosenwald, MD  

Title: President   CEO  

Address for Notices:  

2 Gansevoort, 9 th  Floor  

Attn: Legal Dept.  

New York, NY 10014  

Pledge
and Security Agreement  

ACCEPTED BY : 

OPUS POINT HEALTHCARE INNOVATIONS FUND, LP,  

 as Collateral Agent 

By: Opus Point Healthcare Fund GP, LLC, 

 its general partner 

By: 
     /s/ Michael S. Weiss 

Name: Michael S. Weiss 

Title: Manager 

Address:    2 Gansevoort, 9 th  Floor 

New York, NY 10014 

Pledge
and Security Agreement  

SCHEDULE I  

LEGAL NAMES; ORGANIZATIONAL
IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS; STATES OR JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION 

Legal Name:   
         
       State of    
     Organization:   
         
       Type of    
     Organization:    

Fortress Biotech, Inc.  
       
      Delaware  
       
      Corporation   

FBIO
    Acquisition, Inc.  
       
      Delaware  
       
      Corporation   

Schedule I 

SCHEDULE II  

PLEDGED SHARES 

Schedule II 

EXHIBIT A  

PLEDGE AMENDMENT 

This Pledge Amendment, dated_________
____,____, is delivered pursuant to Section 5(a) of the Pledge and Security Agreement referred to below. The undersigned hereby
agrees that this Pledge Amendment may be attached to the Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2016, as it may
heretofore have been or hereafter may be amended, restated, supplemented, modified or otherwise changed from time to time (the
  Pledge and Security Agreement  ) and that the shares listed on this Pledge Amendment shall be hereby pledged
and assigned to the Collateral Agent and become part of the Pledged Shares referred to in such Pledge and Security Agreement and
shall secure all of the Secured Obligations referred to in such Pledge and Security Agreement. 

Pledged Shares    

Grantor   
       
        Name of Pledged Issuer   

Number
    of Shares   
       
       Class    

[GRANTOR]   

By:  

Name:   

Title:   

Opus Point Healthcare Innovations Fund, LP, 
as the Collateral Agent 

By:  

Name:  

Title:  

</EX-10.36>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 v449362_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Lindsay A. Rosenwald, M.D., Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), certify that: 

(1)    I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fortress Biotech, Inc. (the  Registrant );  

(2)    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

(3)    Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

(4)    The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:  

a.    designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.    designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.    evaluated the effectiveness
of Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d.    disclosed in this report
any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5)    The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions):  

a.    all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b.    any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting.  

November
9, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Lindsay A. Rosenwald, M.D.  

Lindsay A. Rosenwald, M.D.  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 v449362_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

I, Lucy Lu, M.D., Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), certify that: 

(1)    I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Fortress Biotech, Inc. (the  Registrant );  

(2)    Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;  

(3)    Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

(4)    The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:  

a.    designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b.    designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c.    evaluated the effectiveness
of Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d.    disclosed in this report
any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

(5)  
      The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a.    all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

b.    any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting.  

November
9, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Lucy Lu, M.D.  

Lucy Lu, M.D.  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 v449362_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Fortress Biotech, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Lindsay A. Rosenwald, M.D., Chairman,
President, and Chief Executive Officer, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1)    The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)    The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, as
of, and for, the periods presented in the Report.  

November
9, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Lindsay A. Rosenwald, M.D.  

Lindsay A. Rosenwald, M.D.  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 v449362_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

FORTRESS BIOTECH, INC.  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Fortress Biotech, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Lucy Lu, Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1)    The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

(2)    The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, as
of, and for, the periods presented in the Report.  

November
9, 2016  

By:  
      /s/ Lucy Lu, M.D.  

Lucy Lu, M.D.  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 fbio-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 fbio-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 fbio-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 fbio-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 fbio-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 fbio-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

