<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161101_10-K_edgar_data_919175_0001520138-16-001218_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3125491</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142483</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>251749</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>776736</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1164605</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>710781</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>67</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-16-001218.hdr.sgml : 20161101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161101140353
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-16-001218
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161101

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sugarmade, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000919175
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PAPER AND PAPER PRODUCTS [5110]
		IRS NUMBER:				943008888
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23446
		FILM NUMBER:		161964201

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 N. SUNSET AVE.
		CITY:			CITY OF INDUSTRY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91744
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 602-1840

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		167 N. SUNSET AVE.
		CITY:			CITY OF INDUSTRY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91744

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Diversified Opportunities, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080313

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ENLIGHTEN SOFTWARE SOLUTIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOFTWARE PROFESSIONALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940217

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-16-001218.txt : 20161101

10-K
 1
 sgmd-20160630_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR PERIOD ENDING JUNE 30, 2016

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C.  20549  

 ___________________________________________________________________________________________ 

  Form 10-K  

 ___________________________________________________________________________________________ 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF  

  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED
JUNE 30, 2016  

Commission file number  000-23446   

SUGARMADE, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Delaware   
       
       94-3008888    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

(888) 747-6233    

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act: None  

  Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange
Act: None  

    Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes   No

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   No    

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer         
      Accelerated filer   

Non-accelerated filer         
      Smaller reporting company   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes      No    

The aggregate market value of
the voting and non-voting common equity on September 30, 2016, (the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed quarter) based on the most recent closing trade, which occurred on November 1, 2016 was $0.08 with implied market
cap of approximately $15,168,365. 

At November 1, 2016 there were
202,244,871 shares outstanding of the issuer s common, the only class of common equity. 

Table of Contents  
      Page   

PART I 
       
     1  

Item 1.  
      Business  
     1  
 
     Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
     3  
 
     Item 1B.  
      Unresolved Staff Comments  
     3  
 
     Item 2.  
      Properties  
     3  
 
     Item 3.  
      Legal Proceedings  
     3  

PART II 
       
     4  

Item 4.  
      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
     4  
 
     Item 5.  
      Selected Financial Data  
     4  
 
     Item 6.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     5  
 
     Item 6A.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
     13  
 
     Item 7.  
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
     14  
 
     Item 8.  
      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
     37  
 
     Item 8A.  
      Controls and Procedures  
     37  
 
     Item 8B.  
      Other Information  
     38  

PART III 
       
     39  

Item 9.  
      Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
     39  
 
     Item 10.  
      Executive Compensation  
     40  
 
     Item 11.  
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
      41   
 
     Item 12.  
      Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence  
     41  
 
     Item 13.  
      Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
     42  

PART IV 
       
     43  

Item 14.  
      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
     43  

SIGNATURES 
       
     44  

PART I  

SPECIAL NOTE OF CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 CERTAIN STATEMENTS IN THIS REPORT, INCLUDING
STATEMENTS IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION, ARE WHAT ARE KNOWN AS  FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS , WHICH ARE BASICALLY STATEMENTS
ABOUT THE FUTURE. FOR THAT REASON, THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE RISK AND UNCERTAINTY SINCE NO ONE CAN ACCURATELY PREDICT THE FUTURE.
WORDS SUCH AS  PLANS,   INTENDS,   WILL,   HOPES,   SEEKS,   ANTICIPATES, 
 EXPECTS  AND THE LIKE OFTEN IDENTIFY SUCH FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS, BUT ARE NOT THE ONLY INDICATION THAT A STATEMENT
IS A FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT. SUCH FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS INCLUDE STATEMENTS CONCERNING OUR PLANS AND OBJECTIVES WITH RESPECT
TO THE PRESENT AND FUTURE OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY, AND STATEMENTS WHICH EXPRESS OR IMPLY THAT SUCH PRESENT AND FUTURE OPERATIONS
WILL OR MAY PRODUCE REVENUES, INCOME OR PROFITS. NUMEROUS FACTORS AND FUTURE EVENTS COULD CAUSE THE COMPANY TO CHANGE SUCH PLANS
AND OBJECTIVES OR FAIL TO SUCCESSFULLY IMPLEMENT SUCH PLANS OR ACHIEVE SUCH OBJECTIVES, OR CAUSE SUCH PRESENT AND FUTURE OPERATIONS
TO FAIL TO PRODUCE REVENUES, INCOME OR PROFITS. THEREFORE, THE READER IS ADVISED THAT THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION SHOULD BE CONSIDERED
IN LIGHT OF THE DISCUSSION OF RISKS AND OTHER FACTORS CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND IN THE COMPANY S OTHER FILINGS
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. NO STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION SHOULD BE CONSTRUED AS A GUARANTEE
OR ASSURANCE OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR FUTURE RESULTS. 

Item 1. Business  

As used in this annual report, the
terms  we ,  us ,  our , and the  Company  means Sugarmade Inc., a Delaware corporation
or their management.   

General  

Sugarmade, Inc. (hereinafter referred
to as  we ,  us  or  the/our Company ) is a publicly traded company
incorporated in the state of Delaware. We are headquartered in City of Industry, California, a suburb
of Los Angeles, with two additional warehouse locations in Southern California.  As of date of this filing, we
employ 21 full and part-time workers and contractors.  Our previous legal name was Diversified Opportunities, Inc.  Our
Company, Sugarmade, Inc. operates through our subsidiary, Sugarmade, Inc., a California corporation ( SWC Group,
Inc., - CA ).  

As of June 30, 2016, Sugarmade, Inc.
is a product and brand marketing company investing in products and brands with disruptive potential. We are involved in several
businesses including the supply of products to several market sectors, including to the quick service restaurant sub-sector of
the restaurant industry and as a distributor of paper products derived from non-wood sources. In addition, the Company is
planning a market entry during the fourth calendar quarter of 2016 into the marketplace for seasonings and spices by way of separate
licensing and distribution agreements with its business partners. 

(table of contents)    

Our
main business operation, CarryOutSupplies.com, is a producer and wholesaler of custom printed and generic supplies and has
served more than 3,000 quick service restaurants.     Our
products include double poly paper cups for cold beverage; disposable, clear, plastic cold cups, paper coffee cups, yogurt cups,
ice cream cups, cup lids, cup sleeves, food containers, soup containers, plastic spoons and many other similar products for this
market sector. CarryOutSupplies.com was founded in 2009 when the founders gained first-hand experience within the restaurant
industry of the difficulty for restaurant owners to acquire custom printed supplies at a reasonable cost. Many quick
service restaurants wish to acquire custom printed products, such as those embossed with logos, but the minimum order size for
such customization had been cost prohibitive. With that in mind, carry out supplies was founded to provide products to this underserved
section of the market. Since that time, the company has become a key supplier to many popular U.S. franchises, particularly in
the frozen dessert segments. The company estimates it holds approximately 40% market share of generic and printed products within
the take out frozen yogurt and ice cream industries. We also hold a product supply and licensing agreement FreeHand  ThumbTray  for the
western part of the United States.    

We are also a distributor of paper made
from 100% reclaimed sugarcane fiber, enhanced with bamboo. Sugarcane fiber, called bagasse, is a discarded byproduct of sugarcane
production. Sugarmade, Inc. was founded in 2010. As is explained below, in 2014, CarryOutSupplies.com was acquired
by Sugarmade, Inc., creating the Company as it is today.  Relative to Sugarmade Paper, our third-party contract
manufacturer uses bagasse and bamboo, as opposed to wood products significantly reducing its manufacturing carbon footprint,
energy consumption, and attendant water pollution during the manufacture of its products. This allows us to offer our unique, exclusive,
tree-free paper products at price-parity equal to or less than current recycled fiber products already on the market. Our products
are unique and we believe offer an ideal solution for those consumers (both corporate and individual) seeking to meet their sustainability
mandates or personal environmentally conscious goals, at a price that is equal to or less than current recycled products. 
We are currently restructuring this business unit to focus on the organization and administration of fundraisers and paper drives
for schools, non-profits and other institutions.  

During September of 2016, the Company
completed negotiations for and signed a license agreement with HUY FONG FOODS, INC. ( HFFI ), the maker of Sriracha
Hot Chili Sauce. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is granted license to use the licensed marks of HFFI on and for
products the Company is currently in process of designing and testing. Based on this agreement and a separate license agreement
signed during 2015 with Seasoning Stixs International, LLC, the Company plans to introduce a new culinary seasoning product named
Sriracha Seasoning Stixs. Sriracha Seasoning Stixs are encapsulated Huy Fong Sriracha Sauce and other seasonings in the form of
a stick, which are inserted into meat, fish and poultry prior to cooking.  Sriracha Seasoning Stixs are a hard solid at room
temperature, but as heat is applied the sticks begin to liquefy allowing the meat fibers to act like a sponge absorbing the seasonings
and flavors that had previously been encapsulated in the stick. The Company plans to introduce this product via a nationwide advertising
and social media campaign during the December quarter of 2016. 

Employees and Consultants  

As of June 30, 2016, the Company had
approximately 21 full time or part-time employees and consultants. 

Available Information  

We file annual, quarterly and current
reports, information statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ).
The public may obtain information by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports,
proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of
that site is www.sec.gov. For quarterly and annual reports, only those reports that were required to be filed through June 30,
2016 are available as of the date of this report. 

(table of contents)    

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

Investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included
in this herein before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition
or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or
part of your investment. 

The Company, as of the end of the 2016
fiscal year (June) was at a stage where it required external capital to continue with its business. It must obtain additional significant
capital in the future to continue its operations. There can be no certainty that the Company can obtain these funds. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  

Not Applicable. 

Item 2. Properties  

As of the date of this Form 10-K, the Company has no properties
and instead leases several office and warehouse locations in the Southern California area. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings  

From time to time and in the course
of business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. The amount of the ultimate
liability, if any, from such claims cannot be determined. As of date of this filing, there were no legal claims currently pending
or threatened against us that in the opinion of our management would be likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. However, as of the date of this filing, we were involved in the following legal
proceedings. 

As of the date of this filing, the Company
is a plaintiff, in Contra Costa County, California, in a suit alleging breach of fiduciary duty, conspiracy to commit breach of
fiduciary duty, fraud, conspiracy to commit fraud, conversion, breach of contract, and interference with contractual relations
against, Diversified Products Group Inc. (DPG), Stephen Pinto, Lewis Cohen and Heidi Estiva, who were former sales agents for the
Company. Pinto is the Company s former Chairman of the board of directors. The Company plans to actively pursue this case.
During November of 2014, the Company received notice that a cross complaint had been filed against the Company. The complaint alleges
the parties were induced to make a series of investments in the Company by the material misrepresentations and omissions made by
the Company. The Company believes the allegations are without merit. The Company plans to vigorously defend against such claims.
No changes have occurred as of the filing date of this report. 

On May 24, 2014, the Labor Commissioner,
State of California issued an Order, Decision or Award of the Labor Commissioner against the Company in the amount of $56,365.
On October 28, 2014, the Company entered into a settlement agreement, which was effective October 28, 2014, to resolve a judgment
against the Company via the issuance of 502,533 restricted shares and a $30,000 cash payment. 

On December 11, 2013, the Company was
served with a complaint from two Convertible Note Holders (with a total of $75,000 in convertible notes) and investors in the Company,
Lovitt   Hannan, Inc. Salary Deferral Plan FBO J. Thomas Hannan, Attorney at Law 401K Plan and Trust, and Kevin M. Kearney.
The Company s former CEO, Scott Lantz, was also named in the suit. The complaint alleges Hannan was induced to make a series
of investments in the Company by the material misrepresentations and omissions made by the Company. The Company believes the allegations
are without merit. The Company plans to vigorously defend against such claims. 

(table of contents)    

PART II  

Item 4. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Our Company is a reporting public company
(a public company that is fully subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission s reporting requirements). On June 24,
2011, we changed the legal name of our Company to Sugarmade, Inc. and as of the date hereof our common stock trades under the symbol
 SGMD  on the OTC Markets Quotation System. The OTC Markets Quotation System is quotation service that display real-time
quotes, last-sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter equity securities. The market is limited for our stock and
any prices quoted may not be a reliable indication of the value of our common stock. The following  Table 1  sets forth the
high and low bid prices per share of our common stock by both the OTC Bulletin Board and OTC Markets for the periods indicated. 

As of the close of trading on the date
of this filing, October 14, 2016, the shares traded at $0.08 with a total of 0 shares traded. 

Holders of Record  

As of June 30, 2016, we had 178,685,388
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 253 shareholders of record. As of October 28, 2016, we
have approximately 202,244,871 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately 253 shareholders of record. 

Transfer Agent   

Our transfer agent is West Coast Stock
Transfer, Inc. of Encinitas, California; Telephone (619) 664-4780. 

Dividends  

We have never declared or paid any cash
dividends on our common stock. For the foreseeable future, we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock.
Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Item 5. Selected Financial Data  

Disclosure not required as a result of our Company s
status as a smaller reporting company.   

(table of contents)    

Item 6. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis
is intended as a review of significant factors affecting our financial condition and results of operations for the periods indicated.
The discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes presented herein. In addition
to historical information, the following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ significantly from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors discussed in this annual report.  

Overview and Financial Condition  

Discussions with respect to our Company s
operations refer to our operating subsidiary, Sugarmade CA. Our Company purchased Sugarmade-CA on May 9, 2011. As of the
end of the 2015 (June) fiscal year we had no operations other than those of Sugarmade-CA. Information with respect to our Company s
nominal operations prior to the Sugarmade Acquisition is not included herein. 

Results of Operations    

Our company decreased its net loss to
$2,458,170 for the year end June 30, 2016 from a loss $10,230,524 for year ending June 30, 2015. The decrease in net loss compared
to the prior year was due to more efficient business operations as a result of our restructurings and due to the absence of charges
related to extinguishment of debt, which are considerable during the previous year. 

Revenue    

Our revenue, net for the year ended
June 30, 2016 was $4,348,256 compared to $2,908,407 for the year ended June 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to
acquisition of SWC, which contributed the majority of revenue during the  year ending June 30, 2016. 

Cost of Goods Sold    

Total cost of goods for the  year
ending June 30, 2016 increased to $2,889,754 for the year ended June 30, 2016 compared to $2,045,592 for the year ended June
30, 2015. The increase in cost of goods sold was primarily a result of the Company s acquisition of SWC and the
increase in revenue that resulted during the reporting period. 

Gross Profit    

Gross margin for the year ending June
30, 2016 was $1,458,502 compared to gross loss of $862,815 for the year ending June 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to
the increase in revenue and cost of goods sold relating to the acquisition of SWC. 

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses    

Selling, general, and administrative
expenses (SG A) totaled $3,451,862 and $5,192,203 for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in
SG A was primarily due to the higher costs associated with operation of the SWC business, which was acquired during the period
and due to costs of restructuring the combined business operation. 

(table of contents)    

Interest Expense and Interest
Income     

Interest expense totaled $18,789 for
the year ended June 30, 2016 as compared to $64,136 for the year ended June 30, 2015. Interest expense in fiscal 2016 resulted
primarily from expenses incurred in connection with promissory notes payable and convertible notes payable from related and third
parties. The reduction in interest expenses during the year ended June 30, 2016 was mainly a result of reduced interest expenses
associated with merchant loans, which were paid off during the period. 

Change in Fair Value of Derivative
Liability     

For the year ended June 30, 2016, derivative
liabilities were $397,000 compared to $82,737 for the year ended June 30, 2015. Derivative liabilities for both fiscal years are
primarily related to convertible promissory notes from related and third parties. The increase in the derivative liability amount
between June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 was mainly a function of the change in the fair value of our common stock during the year
ended June 30, 2016 and to a lesser extent the reduction in the balance owed on the convertible notes. 

Net Loss     

Net loss totaled $2,458,170 for the
year end June 30, 2016 compared to a loss $10,230,524 for year ending June 30, 2015. The decrease in net loss compared to the prior
year was primarily due to decreased operating expenses as well as decreased loss on extinguishment of debts. 

Outstanding Litigations    

As of the date of this filing, the Company
is a plaintiff, in Contra Costa County, California, in a suit alleging breach of fiduciary duty, conspiracy to commit breach of
fiduciary duty, fraud, conspiracy to commit fraud, conversion, breach of contract, and interference with contractual relations
against, Diversified Products Group Inc. (DPG), Stephen Pinto, Lewis Cohen and Heidi Estiva, who were former sales agents for the
Company. Pinto is the Company s former Chairman of the board of directors. The Company plans to actively pursue this case.
During November of 2014, the Company received notice that a cross complaint had been filed against the Company. The complaint alleges
the parties were induced to make a series of investments in the Company by the material misrepresentations and omissions made by
the Company. The Company believes the allegations are without merit. The Company plans to vigorously defend against such claims.
No changes have occurred as of the filing date of this report. 

On May 24, 2014, the Labor Commissioner,
State of California issued an Order, Decision or Award of the Labor Commissioner against the Company in the amount of $56,365.
On October 28, 2014, the Company entered into a settlement agreement, which was effective October 28, 2014, to resolve a judgment
against the Company via the issuance of 502,533 restricted shares and a $30,000 cash payment. 

On December 11, 2013, the Company was
served with a complaint from two Convertible Note Holders (with a total of $75,000 in convertible notes) and investors in the Company,
Lovitt   Hannan, Inc. Salary Deferral Plan FBO J. Thomas Hannan, Attorney at Law 401K Plan and Trust, and Kevin M. Kearney.
The Company s former CEO, Scott Lantz, was also named in the suit. The complaint alleges Hannan was induced to make a series
of investments in the Company by the material misrepresentations and omissions made by the Company. The Company believes the allegations
are without merit. The Company plans to vigorously defend against such claims. 

(table of contents)    

Related Party Transactions    

On
December 23, 2014, the Board approved the issuance of 10,492,460 shares as part of a management and employees retention stock award
program. The stock price was $0.04 on the approval day.   

On October 28, 2014,
the Company converted $275,000 of short-term debt into 15,277,778 common shares at fair value of $1,665,078 with a loss of $1,390,078.
The holder of the debt was LMK CAPITAL LLC, DBA PREMIER PAPER   PLASTIC INTERNATIONAL ( LMK ), a Company in which
our CEO, Jimmy Chan, is currently employed as an independent consultant. 

On October 28, 2014,
the Company converted $75,000 of short-term debt into 4,166,666 common shares at fair value of $452,239 with a loss of $377,239.
The holder of the debt was LMK CAPITAL LLC, DBA PREMIER PAPER   PLASTIC INTERNATIONAL ( LMK ), a Company in which
our CEO, Jimmy Chan, is currently employed as an independent consultant. 

In addition, at June
30, 2015, the Company had outstanding balance of $114,179 from two of its directors, and $12,583 from one major shareholder s
family member for its working capital needs. These borrowings bore no interest, and were payable upon demand. 

On April 23, 2015,
The Board received notification that the majority stockholders approved the appointing of Jimmy Chan, Waylon Huang and Er Wang
Directors by written consent in lieu of the meeting of shareholders. 

On December 31, 2014,
The Company s Board elected Mr. Er Wang as Audit Committee Chair, to serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified.
Mr. Wang will serve as the sole member of the Audit Committee until additional qualified Directors can be nominated and ratified
for service on the Board and/or Audit Committee. 

On November 11, 2014,
the Company accepted the resignation of CEO and Director Clifton Leung from the position of CEO, a director, and from all other
titles at the Company. Jimmy Chan who, is also a director and serves as chairman and secretary, has assumed the position of CEO. 

On November 11, 2014,
the Board approved the appointment of Er Wang to the Board of Directors. He comes to the Company with a diverse background across
management consulting at a Big 4 accounting and audit firm, corporate finance at a major movie studio, and as a co-founder at a
loyalty rewards startup. Mr. Wang graduated from the University of California Irvine with a Bachelor of Arts in Business Economics. 

On October 6, 2014,
the Company accepted the resignation of Dennis Mandell, a director of the Company. Mr. Mandell also served as Chairman of the Board
and as the sole member of the Company s Audit Committee. 

On
June 30, 2016, the Company granted a CEO, Jimmy Chan, 5,000,000 restricted shares in lieu of salary. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company granted
Director, Waylon Huang, 3,000,000 restricted shares in lieu of salary. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company granted
Director, Richard Ko, 3,000,000 restricted shares in lieu of salary. 

At June 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding
balance of $435,563 borrowed from LMK Capital., LLC a company affiliated with CEO Chan. In addition, Mr. Richard Ko, a Director
is owed $30,000. These borrowings have no interest, and were payable upon demand. 

Change in Directors    

On December 31, 2014, the Company elected Mr. Er Wang as
Audit Committee Chair, to serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified. Mr. Wang will serve as the sole member of the
Audit Committee until additional qualified Directors can be nominated and ratified for service on the Board and/or Audit Committee.
As of the end of the 2015 fiscal year (June), Jimmy Chan, Waylon Huang and Er Wang were the directors of the Company. Mr. Wang
was replaced as a director on January 1, 2016 with Mr. Ko assuming a director role. 

(table of contents)    

Leverage Ratio   

Due to net losses from the previous
years, the Company s insolvency is a result of their stockholder s deficiency. Total liabilities amounted to
$4,066,923 where the company experienced a stockholder s deficiency total of a negative $3,273,647 resulting in a Debt to
Equity ratio of -1.24:1. 

Going Concern   

The Company sustained continued operating
losses during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015.  The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on
its ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations, in which it has not been successful, and/or
obtaining additional financing from its shareholders or other sources, as may be required. 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the above condition raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to do so. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect
the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities
that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Management is endeavoring to increase
revenue-generating operations.  While priority is on generating cash from operations through the sale of the Company s
products, management is also seeking to raise additional working capital through various financing sources, including the
sale of the Company s equity and/or debt securities, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 
If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue our business as desired and our operating
results will be adversely affected. In addition, any financing arrangement may have potentially adverse effects on us and/or
our stockholders.  Debt financing (if available and undertaken) will increase expenses, must be repaid regardless of operating
results and may involve restrictions limiting our operating flexibility.  If we issue equity securities to raise additional
funds, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders will be reduced and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences
or privileges senior to those of the current holders of our common stock. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

We have primarily financed our operations
through the sale of unregistered equity, warrants and convertible notes payable.  As of June 30, 2016, our Company had cash
totaling $911, current assets totaling $691,543 and total assets of $793,277. We had total liabilities of $4,066,923 (all current)
and Stockholders  equity reflected a deficit of $3,273,647. 

Net cash used by operating activities
was $579,531 for the year ended June 30, 2016, and $1,815,022 for the year ended June 30, 2015.  The decreased in net cash
used was due to improved operations and decreased in employee counts. 

(table of contents)    

We had $72,973 in net cash flows from
investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2016 and $217,628 net cash flows from investing activities during the year ended
June 30, 2015.  The primarily decrease was due to decreased in investment activities. 

Net cash provided by financing activities
totaled $449,209 for the year ended June 30, 2016 as compared to $1,655,654 for the year ended June 30, 2015. The net cash provided
by financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2016 was primarily attributed to the proceeds from EB-5 investments and issuances
of common stock. 

Our capital requirements going forward
will consist of financing our operations until we are able to reach a level of revenues and gross margins adequate to equal or
exceed our ongoing operating expenses.   

Based on our need to raise additional
funds to implement our business plans for the next twelve months, we will be required in the near future to issue debt or sell
our Company s equity securities in order to raise additional cash. We cannot provide any assurances as to whether we
will be able to secure the necessary financing, or the terms of any such financing transaction if one were to occur.  The
failure to secure such financing could severely curtail our plans for future growth or in more severe scenarios, the continued
operations of our Company.   

Critical Accounting Policies Involving
Management Estimates and Assumptions   

Use of Fair Value   

ASC Topic 820 defines fair value, establishes
a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurement and
enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs
to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level 1 - observable inputs that reflect
quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 - include other inputs that
are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace. 

Level 3 - unobservable inputs which
are supported by little or no market activity. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of our consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires our management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

(table of contents)    

Revenue Recognition   

We recognize revenue in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ( FASB ASC ) No. 605,  Revenue Recognition .
 Revenue is recognized when we have evidence of an arrangement, a determinable fee, and when collection is considered to be
probable and products are delivered.  This generally occurs upon shipment of the merchandise, which is when legal transfer
of title occurs.  In the event that final acceptance of our product by the customer is uncertain, revenue is deferred until
all acceptance criteria have been met. We currently have a consignment arrangement with one of our customers. We record revenue
on consignment goods when the consigned goods are sold by the consignee and all other above mentioned revenue recognition criteria
have been satisfied. Cash received in connection with the sales of our products prior to their being recognized as revenue is recorded
as deferred revenue. 

As a value added service to our customers,
we offer on-site storage for products that have been paid for and for which title passed to the customer. These products remain
the property of the customer even though such products are still housed at our facility. While the Company acts in good faith to
protect the products from loss or damage, the customer is responsibility for any loss or damage that could occur while such products
are stored. All stored products are custom printed units that bear the product or brand markings of the customer and as such are
not returnable for exchange or refund at any time under any circumstances. 

Inventory   

Inventory
consists of finished goods paper and paper-based products ready for sale and is stated at the lower of cost or market. We value
inventories using the weighted average costing method (approximate FIFO costing method). We regularly review inventory and consider
forecasts of future demand, market conditions and product obsolescence. If the estimated realizable value of our inventory is less
than cost, we make provisions in order to reduce its carrying value to its estimated market value.   

Valuation of Long-lived Assets   

We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate their net book value may not be recoverable. When such factors and circumstances
exist, we compare the projected undiscounted future cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their
estimated useful lives against their respective carrying amount. Impairment, if any, is based on the excess of the carrying amount
over the fair value, based on market value when available, or discounted expected cash flows, of those assets and is recorded in
the period in which the determination is made. For the year ended June 30, 2016, our Company had no impairment expense related
to our long-lived assets. 

Derivative Instruments   

The fair value of derivative instruments
is recorded and shown separately under current liabilities. Changes in the fair value of derivatives liability are recorded in
the consolidated statement of operations under non-operating income (expense). 

(table of contents)    

Our Company evaluates all of its financial
instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative
financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value
and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations.
For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company uses a weighted average Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period.
Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash
settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. Refer to note 6 for details. 

Stock Based Compensation   

Stock based compensation cost is measured
at the date of grant, based on the calculated fair value of the stock-based award, and will be recognized as expense over the employee s
requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the award).  We estimate the fair value of employee stock options
granted using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing Model. Key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options will
include the exercise price of the award, the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant, the expected option term, the
risk free interest rate at the date of grant, the expected volatility and the expected annual dividend yield on our common stock. 

Net Loss Per Share   

We calculate basic earnings per share
( EPS ) by dividing our net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, without
considering common stock equivalents.  Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income or net loss by the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding for the period and the weighted average number of dilutive common stock equivalents, such as
options and warrants.  Options and warrants are only included in the calculation of diluted EPS when their effect is dilutive.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern. This standard requires
management to evaluate for each annual and interim reporting period whether it is probable that the reporting entity will not be
able to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. If the
entity is in such a position, the standard provides for certain disclosures depending on whether or not the entity will be able
to successfully mitigate its going concern status. This guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016
and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company does not
anticipate that this adoption will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or
cash flows. 

 The FASB has issued Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements
in Accounting Standards Codification 605 - Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Codification.
The standard requires that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This
ASU is effective on January 1, 2017 and should be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively
with the cumulative effect of initially applying the ASU recognized at the date of initial application.  In August 2015,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendment
in this ASU defers the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 for all entities for one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit
entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of
annual reporting periods beginning after December 31, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The
Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 

(table of contents)    

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-11, Inventory, which requires an entity to measure inventory within the scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation. The effective date for the standard is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company does not anticipate that this adoption will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial
position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments. To simplify
the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination, the amendments eliminate the
requirement to retrospectively account for those adjustments. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments
in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2017. The amendments should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after
the effective date with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. The Company does not
anticipate that this adoption will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or
cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee
to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be
classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered
into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients
available. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements. 

On March 17, 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus
Net), which provides guidance on assessing whether an entity is a principal or an agent in a revenue transaction and whether an
entity reports revenue on a gross or net basis. On April 14, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers - Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which provides guidance on identifying performance obligations and
accounting for licenses of intellectual property. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU No. 2016-08 and ASU No.
2016-10 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU No. 2014-09. The Company is evaluating the effect
that ASU No. 2016-08 and ASU No. 2016-10 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

On March 30, 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which includes amendments to accounting for income taxes
at settlement, forfeitures, and net settlements to cover withholding taxes. The amendments in ASU 2016-09 are effective for public
companies for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is
permitted but requires all elements of the amendments to be adopted at once rather than individually. The Company is evaluating
the effect that ASU No. 2016-09 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Acquisition of SWC Group   

On July 16, 2014 the Company entered
into an agreement to acquire City of Industry, California based SWC Group ( SWC ), Inc., a California Corporation,
which does business as CarryOutSupplies.com. 

Effective October 26, 2014, the Board
of Directors of the Company executed the final Acquisition and Share Exchange Agreement (the  Share Exchange Agreement )
ratifying the Pending Acquisition. Under the terms of the Share Exchange Agreement the Company will issue Thirty Five Million (35,000,000)
common shares of the Company to the holders of CarryOutSupplies.com in exchange for all of the outstanding shares in CarryOutSupplies.com.
The number of Company shares exchanged shall be modified to Forty Million (40,000,000) shares Thirty (30) days after the effective
date of this Share Exchange Agreement should CarryOutSupplies.com demonstrate revenues for the three (3) month period ending June
30, 2014 did not fall below a level equal to 70% of the revenues for the three (3) month period ending June 30, 2013. The number
of shares exchanged shall be modified to Seventy One Million (71,000,000) Seventy Five (75) days after the effective date of this
Share Exchange Agreement should CarryOutSupplies.com demonstrate revenues for the three (3) month period ending September 30, 2014
did not fall below a level equal to 70% of the revenues for the three (3) month period ending September 30, 2013. All of the 71,000,000
shares had been issued to the owners of CarryOutSupplies.com. 

(table of contents)    

CarryOutSupplies.com is a producer and
wholesaler of custom printed and generic takeout supplies. CarryOutSupplies.com, which services more than 3,000 takeout establishments,
restaurants and other food service operators, is headquartered at 167 N Sunset Ave, City of Industry, CA 91744, with two additional
warehouse locations in Southern California. 

The combined Company is now undergoing
the process of rolling out three new verticals under the corporate umbrella; 1) state side manufacturing and printing, 2) ad support
products, and 3) online restaurant supplies catalogue. All of which is leveraging the strength of Sugarmade s core business. Additionally,
the Company is contemplating additional revenue growth via acquisitions. 

Business Strategy   

Sugarmade, Inc. was founded in 2010
as a manufacturer and distributor of tree free copy and printer paper products, made from sugarcane waste (bagasse) and bamboo.
In 2014, CarryOutSupplies.com and Sugarmade were merged under the Sugarmade, Inc. corporate entity, creating the Company as it
is today. We continue to market our tree free paper product focusing on school donation and fundraisers for both public and private
schools. We are in progress of expanding these operations. 

Carryoutsupplies.com markets custom
and generic printed supplies for the quick service segment of the restaurant industry. The overall market for the sector in which
the Company is engaged, often referred to as the food service disposable industry, which includes packaging containers, cups, bowls,
lives, bags, utensils, napkins, etc., is valued at approximately $16.5 billion per year. Cups and lids make up the largest component
of this subsector, currently valued at approximately $8.1 billion per year with the projected growth rate over the next several
years of just over 4% annually. Sugarmade plans to expand this business operation through the introduction of new products, expansion
of the customer base and possibility through acquisition at a later date. 

During September of 2016, the Company
completed negotiations for and signed a license agreement with HUY FONG FOODS, INC. ( HFFI ), the maker of Sriracha
Hot Chili Sauce. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is granted license to use the licensed marks of HFFI on and for
products the Company is currently in process of designing and testing. Based on this agreement and a separate license agreement
signed during 2015 with Seasoning Stixs International, LLC, the Company plans to introduce a new culinary seasoning product named
Sriracha Seasoning Stixs. Sriracha Seasoning Stixs are encapsulated Huy Fong Sriracha Sauce and other seasonings in the form of
a stick, which are inserted into meat, fish and poultry prior to cooking.  Sriracha Seasoning Stixs are a hard solid at room
temperature, but as heat is applied the sticks begin to liquefy allowing the meat fibers to act like a sponge absorbing the seasonings
and flavors that had previously been encapsulated in the stick. The Company plans to introduce this product via a nationwide advertising
and social media campaign during the December quarter of 2016. 

Item 6A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk  

Disclosure not required as a result of our Company s
status as a smaller reporting company.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
at June 30, 2016 or 2015 nor at any time during the years then ended or through the date of this report. 

(table of contents)    

Item 7. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

(table of contents)    

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

The Board of Directors and Stockholders  of 

 Sugarmade, Inc. 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sugarmade, Inc. (the  Company ) as of June 30,
2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders  deficiency and cash flows
for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company was not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations, changes in stockholders  deficiency and its
cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.  

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, these conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount and classification
of liabilities that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

/s/ Anton   Chia, LLP 

Newport Beach, California 

 November 3, 2014 

(table of contents)    

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

(table of contents)    

* Shares issuable upon conversion of convertible debts and exercising of warrants were excluded in calculating diluted loss per share  
  
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements  

(table of contents)    

Sugarmade, Inc. and Subsidiary  

    Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder s
Equity  

  Years Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015  

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited consolidated financial statements  

(table of contents)    

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these condensed unaudited consolidated financial statements  

(table of contents)    

Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements   

1.  
        Summary of significant accounting policies     

1. Nature of Business    

Sugarmade, Inc. (hereinafter referred
to as  we ,  us  or  the/our Company ) is a publicly traded company
incorporated in the state of Delaware. Our previous legal name was Diversified Opportunities, Inc.  Our Company, Sugarmade,
Inc. operates through our subsidiary, Sugarmade, Inc., a California corporation ( SWC Group, Inc., - CA ). As
of the end of the reporting period, June 30, 2016, we were involved in several businesses including the supply of products to
the quick service restaurant sub-sector of the restaurant industry and as a distributor of paper products derived from non-wood
sources.  We are headquartered in City of Industry, California, a suburb of Los Angeles, with two additional
warehouse locations in Southern California.  As of date of this filing, we employ 21 full and part-time workers
and contractors.  

Our
main business operation, CarryOutSuppies.com, is a producer and wholesaler of custom printed and generic supplies servicing
more than 3,000 quick service restaurants.     Our
products include double poly paper cups for cold beverage; disposable, clear, plastic cold cups, paper coffee cups, yogurt cups,
ice cream cups, cup lids, cup sleeves, food containers, soup containers, plastic spoons and many other similar products for this
market sector. CarryOutSupplies.com was founded in 2009 when the founders gained first-hand experience within the restaurant
industry of the difficulty for restaurant owners to acquire custom printed supplies at a reasonable cost. Many quick
service restaurants wish to acquire custom printed products, such as those embossed with logos, but the minimum order size for
such customization had been cost prohibitive. With that in mind, carry out supplies was founded to provide products to this underserved
section of the market. Since that time, the company has become a key supplier to many popular U.S. franchises, particularly in
the frozen dessert segments. The company estimates it holds approximately 40% market share of generic and printed products within
the take out frozen yogurt and ice cream industries. We also hold a product supply and licensing agreement FreeHand  ThumbTray  for the
western part of the United States.    

We are also a distributor of paper made
from 100% reclaimed sugarcane fiber, enhanced with bamboo. Sugarcane fiber, called bagasse, is a discarded byproduct of sugarcane
production. Sugarmade, Inc. was founded in 2010. As is explained below, in 2014, CarryOutSupplies.com was acquired
by Sugarmade, Inc., creating the Company as it is today.  Relative to Sugarmade Paper, our third-party contract
manufacturer uses bagasse and bamboo, as opposed to wood products significantly reducing its manufacturing carbon footprint,
energy consumption, and attendant water pollution during the manufacture of its products. This allows us to offer our unique, exclusive,
tree-free paper products at price-parity equal to or less than current recycled fiber products already on the market. Our products
are unique and we believe offer an ideal solution for those consumers (both corporate and individual) seeking to meet their sustainability
mandates or personal environmentally conscious goals, at a price that is equal to or less than current recycled products. 
Our primary focus for this business unit as of filing of this report is the organization and administration of fundraisers and
paper drives for schools, non-profits and other institutions.   

During September of 2016, the Company
completed negotiations for and signed a license agreement with HUY FONG FOODS, INC. ( HFFI ), the maker of Sriracha
Hot Chili Sauce. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is granted license to use the licensed marks of HFFI on and for
products the Company is currently in process of designing and testing. Based on this agreement and a separate license agreement
signed during 2015 with Seasoning Stixs International, LLC, the Company plans to introduce a new culinary seasoning product named
Sriracha Seasoning Stixs. Sriracha Seasoning Stixs are encapsulated Huy Fong Sriracha Sauce and other seasonings in the form of
a stick, which are inserted into meat, fish and poultry prior to cooking.  Sriracha Seasoning Stixs are a hard solid at room
temperature, but as heat is applied the sticks begin to liquefy allowing the meat fibers to act like a sponge absorbing the seasonings
and flavors that had previously been encapsulated in the stick. The Company plans to introduce this product via a nationwide advertising
and social media campaign during the December quarter of 2016. 

(table of contents)    

2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies    

Basis of presentation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) as promulgated in the United States of
America. 

Principles of consolidation   

These consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of our Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Sugarmade-CA. All significant intercompany transactions and
balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Going concern   

The Company sustained continued operating
losses during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability
to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations, in which it has not been successful, and/or obtaining
additional financing from its shareholders or other sources, as may be required. 

Our   condensed
consolidated financial statements have   been   prepared   assuming
that   we   will   continue
as   a   going   concern.
Such assumption contemplates the   realization of assets   and
satisfaction of   liabilities in the normal course of business. These   condensed   consolidated   financial   statements   do
not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts
and classifications of liabilities that may   result should the Company   be
unable   to continue as   a going concern. 

Management is endeavoring to increase
revenue generating operations. While priority is on generating cash from operations through the sale of the Company s products,
management is also seeking to raise additional working capital through various financing sources, including the sale of the
Company s equity and/or debt securities, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms to our Company, or which
may not be available at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue our business
as desired and our operating results will be adversely affected. In addition, any financing arrangement may have potentially adverse
effects on us and/or our stockholders. Debt financing (if available and undertaken) will increase expenses, must be repaid regardless
of operating results and may involve restrictions limiting our operating flexibility. If we issue equity securities to raise additional
funds, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders will be reduced and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences
or privileges senior to those of the current holders of our common stock. 

Use of estimates   

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires our management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ significantly from those estimates. 

Revenue recognition   

We recognize revenue in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ( FASB ASC ) No. 605,  Revenue Recognition .
Revenue is recognized when an arrangement and a determinable fee occur, and when collection is considered to be probable and products
are delivered or title has been transferred. This generally occurs upon shipment of the merchandise, which is when legal transfer
of title occurs. In the event that final acceptance of our product by the customer is uncertain, revenue is deferred until all
acceptance criteria have been met. We currently have a consignment arrangement with two of our customers. We record revenue on
consignment goods when the consigned goods are sold by the consignee and all other above mentioned revenue recognition criteria
have been satisfied. Cash deposits received in connection with the sales of our products prior to their being delivered or acceptance
if applicable is recorded as deferred revenue. 

(table of contents)    

As a value added service to our customers,
we offer on-site storage for products that have been paid for and for which title passed to the customer. These products remain
the property of the customer even though such products are still housed at our facility. While the Company acts in good faith to
protect the products from loss or damage, the customer is responsibility for any loss or damage that could occur while such products
are stored. All stored products are custom printed units that bear the product or brand markings of the customer and as such are
not returnable for exchange or refund at any time under any circumstances. 

Cash   

Cash and cash equivalents consist of amounts held as bank
deposits and highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less. 

From time to time, we may maintain bank
balances in interest bearing accounts in excess of the $250,000 currently insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
for interest bearing accounts (there is currently no insurance limit for deposits in noninterest bearing accounts). We have not
experienced any losses with respect to cash. Management believes our Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk with
respect to its cash. 

Accounts receivable   

Accounts receivable are carried at their
estimated collectible amounts, net of any estimated allowances for doubtful accounts. We grant unsecured credit to our customer s
deemed credit worthy. Ongoing credit evaluations are performed and potential credit losses estimated by management are charged
to operations on a regular basis. At the time any particular account receivable is deemed uncollectible, the balance is charged
to the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company had allowances of accounts receivable of $115,260 and $70,772 as of June 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Equipment   

Equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated
depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to 
expense as incurred. Items of equipment with costs greater than $1,500 are capitalized and depreciated on a 
straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives ranging from 3-7 years. 

Inventory   

Inventory consists of finished goods
paper and paper-based products such as paper cups and food containers ready for sale and is stated at the lower of cost or market.
We value our inventory using the weighted average costing method. Our Company s policy is to include as a part of inventory
any freight incurred to ship the product from our contract manufacturers to our warehouses. Outbound freights costs related to
shipping costs to our customers are considered period costs and reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses. We regularly
review inventory and consider forecasts of future demand, market conditions and product obsolescence. 

If the estimated realizable value of
our inventory is less than cost, we make provisions in order to reduce its carrying value to its estimated market value. On a consolidated
basis, as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the balance for the inventory totaled $468,262 and $617,557, respectively. No amounts
were recognized as an obsolescence reserve at June 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Income taxes   

We account for income taxes under the
asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their perspective tax bases. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are recorded, when necessary, to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

(table of contents)    

As a result of the implementation of
certain provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes ( ASC 740 ), which clarifies the accounting and disclosure for uncertainty
in tax position, as defined, ASC 740 seeks to reduce the diversity in practice associated with certain aspect of the recognition
and measurement related to accounting for income taxes. We adopted the provisions of ASC 740 as of October 2, 2008, and have analyzed
filing positions in each of the federal and state jurisdictions where we are required to file income tax returns, as well as open
tax years in these jurisdictions. We have identified the U.S. federal and California as our  major  tax jurisdictions
and generally, we remain subject to Internal Revenue Service examination of our 2013 U.S. federal income tax returns. However,
we have certain tax attribute carryforwards, which will remain subject to review and adjustment by the relevant tax authorities
until the statute of limitations closes with respect to the year in which such attributes are utilized. 

We believe that our income tax filing
positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and do not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material change
to our financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded pursuant to ASC 740. In
addition, we did not record a cumulative effect adjustment related to the adoption of ASC 740. Our policy for recording interest
and penalties associated with income-based tax audits is to record such items as a component of income taxes. We have no interest
or penalties as of June 30, 2015. 

Stock based compensation   

Stock based compensation cost to employees
is measured at the date of grant, based on the calculated fair value of the stock-based award, and will be recognized as expense
over the employee s requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the award). We estimate the fair value of employee
stock options granted using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option Pricing Model. Key assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock
options will include the exercise price of the award, the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant, the expected option
term, the risk free interest rate at the date of grant, the expected volatility and the expected annual dividend yield on our common
stock. We use our company s own data among other information to estimate the expected price volatility and the expected forfeiture
rate. Share-based compensation awards issued to non-employees for services rendered are recorded at either the fair value of the
services rendered or the fair value of the share-based payment, whichever is more readily determinable. 

Loss per share   

Basic Earnings (loss) per share is
computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is
computed similar to basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that
would have been outstanding if all the potential common shares, warrants and stock options had been issued and if the
additional common shares were dilutive. Diluted EPS is based on the assumption that all dilutive convertible shares and
stock options and warrants were converted or exercised. Dilution is computed by applying the treasury stock method for the
outstanding options and warrants, and the if-converted method for the outstanding convertible instruments. Under the treasury
stock method, options and warrants are assumed to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if
later) and as if funds obtained thereby were used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period.
Under the if-converted method, outstanding convertible instruments are assumed to be converted into common stock at the
beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later). 296,857  potential shares issuable upon conversion of
convertible debts and 69,122  potential shares issuable upon exercising of warrants were excluded in calculating diluted loss
per share for the year ended June 30, 2016 due to the fact that issuance of the shares is anti-dilutive as a result of the
Company s net loss. 

(table of contents)    

Fair value of financial instruments   

ASC Topic 820 defines fair value, establishes
a framework for measuring fair value, establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurement and
enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy is based upon the transparency of inputs
to the valuation of an asset or liability as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level 1 - observable inputs that reflect
quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

 Level 2 - include other inputs that
are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace. 

 Level 3 - unobservable inputs which
are supported by little or no market activity. 

The Company used Level 2 inputs for
its valuation methodology for the derivative liabilities in determining the fair value using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
with the following assumption inputs: 

Derivative instruments   

The
fair value of derivative instruments is recorded and shown separately under current liabilities. Changes in the fair value of derivatives
liability are recorded in the consolidated statement of operations under non-operating income (expense).  

(table of contents)    

Our
Company evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument
is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in
the consolidated statements of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments, the Company uses a weighted average
Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. The
classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is
evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current
or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the
balance sheet date. Refer to Note 6 for details.  

Segment Reporting  

FASB ASC Topic 280,  Segment Reporting ,
requires use of the  management approach  model for segment reporting.  The management approach   model
is based on the way a company s management organizes segments within the Company for making operating decisions and assessing
performance.  Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography, legal structure, management structure,
or any other manner in which management disaggregates a company. 

FASB ASC Topic 280 has no effect on
the Company s financial statements as substantially all of its operations are conducted in one industry segment   paper
and paper-based products such as paper cups, cup lids, food containers, etc. 

New accounting pronouncements
not yet adopted   

In August 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern. This standard requires
management to evaluate for each annual and interim reporting period whether it is probable that the reporting entity will not be
able to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. If the
entity is in such a position, the standard provides for certain disclosures depending on whether or not the entity will be able
to successfully mitigate its going concern status. This guidance is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016
and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. The Company does not
anticipate that this adoption will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or
cash flows. 

The FASB has issued Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements
in Accounting Standards Codification 605 - Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Codification.
The standard requires that an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This
ASU is effective on January 1, 2017 and should be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively
with the cumulative effect of initially applying the ASU recognized at the date of initial application.  In August 2015,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The amendment
in this ASU defers the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 for all entities for one year. Public business entities, certain not-for-profit
entities, and certain employee benefit plans should apply the guidance in ASU 2014-09 to annual reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of
annual reporting periods beginning after December 31, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The
Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on the consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-11, Inventory, which requires an entity to measure inventory within the scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion,
disposal, and transportation. The effective date for the standard is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company does not anticipate that this adoption will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial
position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments. To simplify
the accounting for adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination, the amendments eliminate the requirement
to retrospectively account for those adjustments. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments in this update
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2017. The amendments should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date
with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. The Company does not anticipate that this
adoption will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

(table of contents)    

In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee
to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be
classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement.
The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal
years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered
into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients
available. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on the consolidated financial statements. 

On March 17, 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus
Net), which provides guidance on assessing whether an entity is a principal or an agent in a revenue transaction and whether an
entity reports revenue on a gross or net basis. On April 14, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers - Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which provides guidance on identifying performance obligations and
accounting for licenses of intellectual property. The effective date and transition requirements for ASU No. 2016-08 and ASU No.
2016-10 are the same as the effective date and transition requirements of ASU No. 2014-09. The Company is evaluating the effect
that ASU No. 2016-08 and ASU No. 2016-10 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

On March 30, 2016, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2016-09, Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which includes amendments to accounting for income taxes
at settlement, forfeitures, and net settlements to cover withholding taxes. The amendments in ASU 2016-09 are effective for public
companies for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is
permitted but requires all elements of the amendments to be adopted at once rather than individually. The Company is evaluating
the effect that ASU No. 2016-09 will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

3. Concentration    

Customers   

For the year ended June 30, 2016, our
Company earned net revenues of $4,348,257 million. The vast majority of these revenues were derived from a large number of customers.
No customers accounted for over 10% of the Company s total revenues for the year ended June 30, 2016. 

For the year ended June 30, 2015, our
Company earned net revenues of $2.91 million. The vast majority of these revenues were derived from a large number of customers.
No customers accounted for over 10% of the Company s total revenues for the year ended June 30, 2015. 

Suppliers   

For the year ended June 30, 2016, we
purchased products for sale by CarryOutSupplies from several contract manufacturers located in Asia. A substantial portion of the
Company s inventory was purchased from one supplier that functioned as an independent foreign procurement agent. Two suppliers
accounted for 60.7% and 14.9% of the Company s total inventory purchase in the year ended June 30, 2016, respectively. 

4. Litigation    

From time to time and in the course
of business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and other relief. The amount of the ultimate
liability, if any, from such claims cannot be determined. As of June 30, 2015, there were no legal claims currently pending or
threatened against us that in the opinion of our management would be likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. However, as of the date of this filing, we were involved in the following legal
proceedings. 

As of the date of this filing ,  the
Company is a plaintiff, in Contra Costa County, California, in a suit alleging breach of fiduciary duty, conspiracy to commit breach
of fiduciary duty, fraud, conspiracy to commit fraud, conversion, breach of contract, and interference with contractual relations
against, Diversified Products Group Inc. (DPG), Stephen Pinto, Lewis Cohen and Heidi Estiva, who were former sales agents for the
Company. Pinto is the Company s former Chairman of the board of directors. The Company plans to actively pursue this case.
During November of 2014, the Company received notice that a cross complaint had been filed against the Company. The complaint alleges
the parties were induced to make a series of investments in the Company by the material misrepresentations and omissions made by
the Company. The Company believes the allegations are without merit. The Company plans to vigorously defend against such claims.
No changes have occurred as of the filing date of this report. 

On May 24, 2014, the Labor Commissioner,
State of California issued an Order, Decision or Award of the Labor Commissioner against the Company in the amount of $56,365.
On October 28, 2014, the Company entered into a settlement agreement, which was effective October 28, 2014, to resolve a judgment
against the Company via the issuance of 502,533 restricted shares and a $30,000 cash payment. 

(table of contents)    

On
December 11, 2013, the Company was served with a complaint from two Convertible Note Holders and investors in the Company, Lovitt
  Hannan, Inc. Salary Deferral Plan FBO J. Thomas Hannan, Attorney at Law 401K Plan and Trust, and Kevin M. Kearney. The Company s
former CEO, Scott Lantz, was also named in the suit. The complaint alleges Hannan was induced to make a series of investments
in the Company by the material misrepresentations and omissions made by the Company. We believe the Hannan case is now in the
middle of depositions and it appears a trial is scheduled, tentatively, in the second quarter of 2017. We believe the claims in
that case are still primarily of two categories, the first being repayment of the promissory notes and a series of allegations
about improper investment solicitations and other misrepresentations. We believe the Company s exposure to the claim concerning
the Notes may be approximately $125,000. We also believe there could be some associated legal fees, but we do not believe this
amount will be material.   

There
can be no assurances the ultimate liability relative to these law suits will not exceed what is outlined above.  

5.     Convertible
Notes    

As of June 30, 2016 and 2015 the balance
owing on convertible notes was $394,167 and $419,167 respectively. 

On various dates during June 2014 and
July 2014, the Company and holders of certain convertible notes agreed to 1) cancel $0.50 warrants and retained the $0.01 warrant,
as defined in the original Convertible Note Purchase Agreements warrants to purchase common shares in the Company, 2) extend the
due dates on the Notes to July 1, 2016, and 3) reduce the interest on the notes to 10% from 14%. As of June 30, 2014, the Company
extended, seven of the convertible notes totaling $275,000 for two years until July 1, 2016. The remaining $250,000 convertible
notes have reached maturity and the Company was in the process of negotiating a settlement. 

The convertible promissory notes must
be repaid by our Company within six months from the date of issuance; accrue interest at the rate of 14%; and are subject to conversion
at the election of the investors at such time as our Company has raised a minimum of $500,000 in a subsequent equity financing.
The conversion price will be the lower of 80% of the per share purchase price paid for by the new investors in the subsequent financing,
or $0.50 per share. Unless these promissory notes are converted or repaid earlier, our Company must pay the note-holders the amount
of the then accrued interest on the three, six, and nine month anniversaries of the issue date. As of June 30, 2015, one convertible
promissory note, in the amount of $100,000, was converted to restricted common shares. 

As of June 30, 2016, the Company s
convertible notes consisted of following: 

(table of contents)    

As of June 30, 2015, the Company s
convertible notes consisted of following: 

6. Derivative liabilities    

The
derivative liability is derived from the conversion features in note 5 and stock warrant in note 7. All were valued  using
the weighted-average Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model using the assumptions detailed below. As of June 30, 2016 and 2015,
the derivative liability was $701,000 and $304,000, respectively. The Company recorded $397,000 loss and $82,737 loss from changes
in derivative liability during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Black-Scholes model with the following
assumption inputs: 

7. Stock warrants    

In connection with the issuance of the
promissory notes, the investors in the aggregate received two-year warrants to purchase up to a total of 50,000 shares of common
stock at $0.50 per share, and two-year warrants purchasing up to a total of 81,250 shares of common stock at $0.01 per share. For
purposes of accounting for the detachable warrants issued in connection with the convertible notes, the fair value of the warrants
was estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing formula. The value of all warrants granted at the date of issuance
totaled $508,413 and was recorded as a discount to the notes payable. The amount will be amortized over the nine month term of
the respective convertible note as additional interest expense. 

(table of contents)    

Following is a summary of the status
of warrants outstanding at June 30, 2016: 

Following is a summary of the status
of warrants outstanding at June 30, 2015: 

8. Note payable    

Note payable due to bank   

During October 2011, we entered into
a revolving demand note (line of credit) arrangement with HSBC Bank USA, with a revolving borrowing limit of $150,000. The line
of credit bears a variable interest rate of one quarter percent (0.25%) above the prime rate (3.25% as of September 30, 2013).
In the event the deposit account is not established or minimum balance maintained, HSBC can charge a higher rate of interest of
up to 4.0% above prime rate. As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the loan principal balance was $25,982. 

(table of contents)    

Note payable to others   

On January 23, 2013, the Company entered
into a promissory note with Mira Ablaza (a former employee of the Company owns less than 5% of the Company s stock). The
original principal amount was $40,000 and the note bore no interest. The note was payable upon demand. As of June 30, 2016, this
note had a balance of $23,000. 

On December 31, 2013, the Company entered
into a promissory note with Kalvin Kwong (an employee of the Company, whom owns less than 5% of the Company s stock). The
principal amount was $20,000 and the interest rate on the note was 10%. The note had a term of six months. However, this note was
now payable upon demand per the oral agreement with the lender. As of June 30, 2016, this note had a balance of $20,000. 

On January 13, 2014, the Company entered
into a promissory note with Tsz Ming Wong (an employee of the Company, whom owns less than 5% of the Company s stock). The
principal amount was $25,000 and the note bore no interest. The note had a term of 24 months and was due on January 13, 2016, and
became payable upon demand after January 13, 2016. As of June 30, 2016, this note had a balance of $12,666. 

On January 14, 2015, the Company entered
into a promissory note with Richard Ko (an employee of the Company, whom owns less than 5% of the Company s stock). The principle
amount was $30,000 and the note bore no interest. The note had a term of one year and was due on January 14, 2016, and became payable
upon demand after January 14, 2016. As of June 30, 2016, this note had a balance of $30,000. 

9. Shares issued for services     

On June 30, 2016, the Company granted
a consultant, Yang Zuo, 1,527,778 restricted shares with fair value of $50,000 for compensation for services provided to the Company. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company granted
a consultant, Tony Thai, 1,527,778 restricted shares with fair value of $50,000 for compensation for services provided to the Company. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company granted
a CEO, Jimmy Chan, 5,000,000 restricted shares with fair value of $450,000 in lieu of salary. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company granted
Director, Waylon Huang, 3,000,000 restricted shares with fair value of $270,000 in lieu of salary. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company granted
Director, Richard Ko, 3,000,000 restricted shares with fair value of $270,000 in lieu of salary. 

On April 1, 2016, the
Company granted a consulting agreement with Katherine Zuniga and/or K Marie Marketing, LLC, 8,000,000 restricted shares with
fair value of $320,000 for marketing and sales related services. These shares were fully vested as of April 1, 2016. 

(table of contents)    

On September 25, 2015, the Company entered
into a consulting agreement with Tony Thai   George Zuo, respectively. The term is from the date of the agreement through June
30, 2016. Stock compensation to each shall be 10% of all revenue generated by a Restaurant Supplies website as of June 30, 2016,
which will equal the restricted stock award ( Stock Award ). The consultant shall receive restricted common shares
of the Company in the amount of the Stock Award, unless the amount of the Stock Award is less than $50,000, in which case the amount
of the Restricted Stock Award shall be assumed to be $50,000. The share price at which the stock will be awarded shall be the average
closing trading price of the common shares on the 22 trading days preceding June 30, 2016. As of June 30, 2016, the consultant
shall receive a bonus amount equaling 7.5% of the net profitability of the website if the profitability margins of the business
exceed 5% on a full year. 

10. Common shares issued for equity financing       

On
October 15, 2015, the Company sold 833,333 shares of restricted common stock to two accredited investors for $25,000 pursuant to
an exemption from registration relying on Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506b     of
Regulation D, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

On
October 7, 2015, the Company sold 1,250,000 shares of restricted common stock to an accredited investor for $25,000 pursuant to
an exemption from registration relying on Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506b     of
Regulation D, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

On
October 2, 2015, the Company sold 1,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to an accredited investor for $30,000 pursuant to
an exemption from registration relying on Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506b     of
Regulation D, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

On
August 27, 2015, the Company sold 2,500,000 shares of restricted common stock to each of two accredited investors for $50,000 each
pursuant to an exemption from registration relying on Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506b     of
Regulation D, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

On
July 14, 2015, the Company sold 1,666,667 shares of restricted common stock to an accredited investor for $50,000 pursuant to an
exemption from registration relying on Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506b     of
Regulation D, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

11.     Common shares reserved for
future issuances    

The following table summarizes shares of our common stock
reserved for future issuance at June 30, 2016:  

12. Related party transactions     

On June 30, 2016, the Company granted
a CEO, Jimmy Chan, 5,000,000 restricted shares in lieu of salary. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company granted
Director, Waylon Huang, 3,000,000 restricted shares in lieu of salary. 

On June 30, 2016, the Company granted
Director, Richard Ko, 3,000,000 restricted shares in lieu of salary. 

 At June 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding
balance of $264,449 borrowed from LMK Capital., LLC a company affiliated with CEO Chan. In addition, Mr. Richard Ko, a Director
is owed $30,000. These borrowings have no interest, and were payable upon demand. 

(table of contents)    

13. Loans payable    

On August 14, 2009, SWC entered a loan
agreement with a bank for $50,000 with maturity on August 14, 2016. The loan had an annual interest rate of 7% with monthly payment
of $755. At June 30, 2016, the outstanding balance under this loan was $1,709. 

On March 1, 2012, SWC entered an equipment
loan agreement with a bank with maturity on January 1, 2017. The monthly payment is $435. At June 30, 2016, the outstanding balance
under this loan was $3,053. 

On July 1, 2012, SWC entered an equipment
loan agreement with a bank with maturity on June 1, 2017. The monthly payment is $255. At June 30, 2016, the outstanding balance
under this loan was $3,087. 

At June 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding
balance of $264,449 borrowed from LMK Capital., LLC a company affiliated with CEO Chan. 

On January 5, 2016, the Company
received a loan for $100,000 from an investor. The note bears 0% annual interest and is due on December 31, 2017. As of June
30, 2016 the balance under this loan is $90,000 

On March 5, 2013, the company entered
an equipment loan agreement with Toyota financial services with maturity date of April 4, 2018. As of June 30, 2016 the balance
under this loan is $10,771 

On June 30, 2016, the company had outstanding
balance of $54,511 borrowed from shareholders. 

14. Shares to be issued    

At June 30, 2016, the Company was obligated
to issue 2,000,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock for three EB-5 investments with the total amount of $1,500,000.
The Company received $2,000,000 proceeds during the year ended June 30, 2016 with fair value of $2,000,000. On April 1, 2015, the
Company completed a series of transactions and amended its Articles of Incorporation creating a series of preferred stock of 10,000,000
shares, which shall be designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the  Series B Preferred
Stock ). Series B will not be eligible for dividends. Five years from the date of issue (the  Conversion Date ),
assuming the Series B investor is approved for l-526 under the U.S Government s EB-5 Investment Program, each Preferred Share
will automatically convert into that number of Common Shares having a  fair market value  of the Initial Investment
plus a five (5) percent annualized return on Initial Investment. Fair market value will be determined by averaging the closing
sale price of a Common Share for the 40 trading days immediately preceding the date of conversion on the U.S. stock exchange on
which Common Shares are publicly traded. The offering was made pursuant to SEC Rule 506 Section 4(2), which provides exemption
from registration for transactions, which are not public offerings. The funds received were used for general working capital purposes
and to accelerate order deliveries to customers. 

In addition, at June 30, 2016, the Company
was obligated to issue 1,527,778 restricted shares with fair value of $50,000 for compensation for services to each of two consultants;
5,000,000 restricted shares with fair value of $450,000 to the Company s CEO in lieu of salary; 3,000,000 restricted shares
with fair value of $270,000 to the one of the Company s director in lieu of compensation; 3,000,000 restricted shares with
fair value of $270,000 to the Company s another director in lieu of compensation; and 8,000,000 restricted shares with fair
value of $320,000 to a consulting company for marketing and sales related services. 

(table of contents)    

15.
Income Taxes    

The NOL carryforwards
will expire after 20 years beginning from the year it occurred if not utilized, for federal and state purposes and could be limited
for use under IRC Section 382. We have recorded a valuation allowance against the entire net deferred tax asset balance due because
we believe there exists a substantial doubt that we will be able to realize the benefits due to our lack of a history of earnings
and due to possible limitations under IRC Section 382. 

We file income
tax returns in the U.S. and in the state of California with varying statutes of limitations. Our policy is to recognize interest
expense and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of our provision for income taxes. There were no accrued interest
and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as of June 30, 2016. All operations are in California and the Company believes
it has no tax positions which could more-likely-than not be challenged by tax authorities. We have no unrecognized tax benefits
and thus no interest or penalties included in the financial statements.       

Net deferred tax assets consist
of the following components as of June 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The income tax provision is summarized
as follows: 

At June 30,
2016, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $21 million that may be offset against future taxable
income through 2036. No tax benefit has been reported in the June 30, 2016 and 2015 consolidated financial statements since the
potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. 

We
believe that our income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and do not anticipate any adjustments that
will result in a material change to our financial position. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax position have been
recorded pursuant to ASC 740.      

16. Commitments and contingencies    

On April 1, 2015, the Company entered
into a lease for general office and warehouse in City of Industry, California with a lease term of one years. The Company renewed
the lease to March 31, 2017. Monthly rent was $11,884 up to March 31, 2016, and increased to $13,238 from April 1, 2016 to March
31, 2017. Monthly rent increased to $13,238 from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017.  

Future minimum annual rental payments
required under operating leases as of June 30, 2016 were as below (by year): 

17.     Other events    

On July 20, 2015, the Company entered
in a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to acquire Bao Coc International Paper and Plastic Company Limited, a manufacture of high-grade
post consumer paper products, including napkins, for the U.S. food industry. Under the terms of the non-binding MOU, the Company
will acquire 100% of Bao Coc International Paper and Plastic Company Limited in exchange for a combination of cash, restricted
common shares of the Company and a long-term profit sharing incentive to the management team of Bao Coc International Paper and
Plastic Company Limited. Company did not proceed with acquisition as of the date of this filing. 

Mr. Er Wang was replaced as a director on January 1, 2016
with Mr. Ko assuming a director role. 

(table of contents)    

18.     Acquisition of SWC Group, Inc.     

On July 16, 2014 the Company entered
into an agreement to acquire City of Industry, California based SWC Group, Inc., a California Corporation, which does business
as CarryOutSupplies.com. CarryOutSupplies.com is a producer and wholesaler of custom printed and generic takeout supplies.
CarryOutSupplies.com, which services more than 32,500 takeout establishments, restaurants and other food service operators, is
headquartered at 167 N Sunset Ave, City of Industry, CA 91744, with two additional warehouse locations in Southern California.
The acquisition closed on October 28, 2014. On this date, the Board of Directors of the Company executed the final Acquisition
and Share Exchange Agreement (the  Share Exchange Agreement ) ratifying the Pending Acquisition. Under the terms of
the Share Exchange Agreement, the Company will issue Thirty Five Million (35,000,000) common shares of the Company to the holders
of CarryOutSupplies.com in exchange for all of the outstanding shares in CarryOutSupplies.com. The number of Company shares exchanged
shall be modified to Forty Million (40,000,000) shares Thirty (30) days after the effective date of this Share Exchange Agreement
should CarryOutSupplies.com demonstrate revenues for the three (3) month period ending June 30, 2014 did not fall below a level
equal to 70% of the revenues for the three (3) month period ending June 30, 2013. The number of shares exchanged shall be modified
to Seventy One Million (71,000,000) Seventy Five (75) days after the effective date of this Share Exchange Agreement should CarryOutSupplies.com
demonstrate revenues for the three (3) month period ending September 30, 2014 did not fall below a level equal to 70% of the revenues
for the three (3) month period ending September 30, 2013. As of the date of this filing, all of the 71,000,000 shares had been
issued to the owners of CarryOutSupplies.com. 

With the merger behind the Company now,
we are in the process of rolling out three new verticals under the corporate umbrella; state side manufacturing and printing, ad
support products, and online restaurant supplies catalogue. All of which is leveraging the strength of Sugarmade s core business.  

The acquisition was accounted as
transactions between entities under common control in accordance with ASC Topic 805-50-25 since both Sugarmade and CarryOutSupplies.com
had one common major shareholder and officer. When accounting for a transfer of assets or exchange of shares between entities
under common control, the entity that receives the net assets or the equity interests, shall initially measure the recognized assets
and liabilities transferred at their carrying amounts in the accounts of the transferring entity at the date of transfer. The following
table summarizes the carrying values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition (or transfer): 

19.     Subsequent events    

On October 3, 2016, the Company issued 1,503,928 restricted common shares for conversion of convertible notes. 

On September 28, 2016, the Company sold
250,000 shares of restricted common stock to an investor for $12,500 pursuant to an exemption from registration relying on Section
4(a)(2) and Rule 506b of Regulation D, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On September 26, 2016, the Company received
a loan from Greater Asia Technology for $100,000. The loan bears 40% annual interest and is due on November 25, 2017. 

On September 26, 2016, the Company received
a loan from Greater Asia Technology for $12,500. The loan bears 100% annual interest and is due on November 23, 2017. 

On September 22, 2016, the Company sold
250,000 shares of restricted common stock to an accredited investors for $12,500 pursuant to an exemption from registration relying
on Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506b of Regulation D, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On August 30, 2016, a note holder converted existing principle and accrued interest in exchange for 1,503,928
shares. 

(table of contents)    

On July 11, 2016, the Company received
a loan from Greater Asia Technology for $150,000. There were loan fees of $8,000 associated with origination of the loan, which
bears 40% annual interest and is due on January 15, 2017. 

Item 8. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

On November 2, 2015, the Company dismissed
its independent registered public accounting firm, MJF   Associates, APC. The Registrant s Board of Directors made the
decision to dismiss MJF   Associates, APC and engage Anton   Chia, LLC. as Registrant s independent registered public
accounting firm, as described below. During Registrant s two most recent fiscal years and any subsequent interim period before
such dismissal, there were no substantial disagreements with MJF   Associates, APC on any matter of accounting principles or
practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which remain unresolved. On November 2, 2015 the Registrant
engaged Anton   Chia, LLC. as Registrant s independent registered public accounting firm. 

On November 11, 2014, the Company dismissed
its independent registered public accounting firm, Anton   Chia, LLC. The Registrant s Board of Directors made the decision
to dismiss Anton   Chia, LLC and engage MJF   Associates, APC as Registrant s independent registered public accounting
firm, as described below. During Registrant s two most recent fiscal years and any subsequent interim period before such
dismissal, there were no substantial disagreements with Anton   Chia, LLC on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which remain unresolved. On November 11, 2014 the Registrant engaged
MJF   Associates, APC as Registrant s independent registered public accounting firm. 

On July 20, 2011, our Company engaged
Anton   Chia, LLP ( A C ) as its independent registered public accounting firm effective July 20, 2011.  The
decision to engage A C was approved by our Company s audit committee.  A C previously audited the financial
statements of our wholly owned subsidiary Sugarmade, Inc. (incorporated in California    Sugarmade-CA )
as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 and for the year ended December 31, 2010 and the period March 2, 2009 (inception) to December
31, 2009.   

Michael Cronin, Certified Public Accountant
was the independent registered public accountant of Diversified Opportunities, Inc. and resigned as the independent registered
public accountant effective July 20, 2011.  The reports of Mr. Cronin on our Company s consolidated financial statements
for the past two fiscal years did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they modified as to uncertainty,
audit scope, or accounting principles, other than to state that there is substantial doubt as to the ability of our Company to
continue as a going concern. 

 During our Company s two most
recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period up to the resignation of Mr. Cronin, there have not been any disagreements
between our Company and Mr. Cronin, on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing
scope or procedures, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of Mr. Cronin would have caused Mr. Cronin to make
reference thereto in its reports on our Company s audited financial statements. 

Item 8A. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. 

A of the date of this filing, our management
team and our consultants have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures. Based on that evaluation, we have concluded that as of June 30, 2013, our disclosure controls and procedures were
not effective. 

(table of contents)    

Management s Annual Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange
Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In reaching
a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship
of possible controls and procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives. 

As required by the
Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based
on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2014, our disclosure
controls and procedures were ineffective due to the Company is relatively inexperienced with certain complexities within USGAAP
and SEC reporting. 

We have taken, and
are continuing to take, certain actions to remediate the material weakness related to our lack of U.S. GAAP experience. We plan
to hire additional credentialed professional staff and consulting professionals with greater knowledge and experience of U.S. GAAP
and related regulatory requirements to oversee our financial reporting process in order to ensure our compliance with U.S. GAAP
and other relevant securities laws. In addition, we plan to provide additional training to our accounting personnel on U.S. GAAP,
and other regulatory requirements regarding the preparation of financial statements. 

Notwithstanding
the above identified material weakness, the Company s management believes that its condensed consolidated financial statements
included in this report fairly present in all material respects the Company s financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows for the periods presented and that this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made,
not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

Item 8B. Other Information  

None. 

(table of contents)    

PART III  

Item 9. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance  

As of the date of this filing, the following
individuals are current officers and directors. Mr. Chan and Mr. Huang were appointed to the Board of Directors on October 8, 2014
and Mr. Ko on January 1, 2016. Certain information about them, is set forth below: 

Name   
       Age   
       Position    
 
      Jimmy Chan  
      37  
      Chairman, CEO   
 
      Waylon Huang  
      35  
      Director   
 
      Richard Ko  
      32  
      Director   

Jimmy Chan, 37, director (Chairman),
has been, since 2008, the Chief Executive officer of CarryOutSupplies.com, located in the City of Industry. From 2005 to 2007,
he served as the Vice-President, for Emergence Capital, operating out of Garden Grove, California, and providing mortgage services
to the general public. From 2003 to 2005, he was the Vice-President in charge of operations for Azusa Mobile, a T-Mobile authorized
dealer, and prior to that he was the president of Cyber Gift, importing toys for distribution as a wholesaler. He is not an officer
nor director of any other public companies. 

Waylon Huang, 35, director, has been
serving as the chief operations officer of CarryOutSupplies.com, for the past 3 years, starting in the accounting department in
Jan, 2008, and assuming the duties of COO in August, 1st, 2011. Prior to joining CarryOutSupplies.com, he was the ApoApo Store
Manager for their Nogales and then Rowland Heights facilities, from 2004 to 2007. He has extensive experience in inventory control,
materiel management, and operational planning, and has, during the preceding 6 years, added human resources to his range of knowledge
and control. He does not serve as an officer or director of any other public companies. 

Richard Ko, 32, director, has served
in the internal audit department to CarryOutSupplies.com as well as providing assistance to quarterly and annual audits
with external auditors and the company s accounting department. Mr. Ko previously held positions in Hyundai Motor America s
Incentives department in addition to leadership roles in Firestone Complete Autocare, and many other service oriented industries.
He currently holds a Bachelor s degree from UCLA. With his leadership positions, Mr. Ko provides Sugarmade, Inc. leadership
experience in operations, talent management, and governance.  

As of the end of the 2014 fiscal year
(June), the below listed individuals were directors and senior management of the Company. Mr. Mandel, who served as Chairman and
as the sole member of the Audit Committee resigned from the Board of Directors on October 6, 2014. Mr. Leong resigned on October
8, 2014. Clifton Kuok Wai Leung. Leung was appointed to our Board of Directors on June 14, 2011. Leung has served as a member of
the Board of Directors of our subsidiary since October 2009, and is also the Chief Executive Officer and 100% owner of SCPC since
early 2006. 

As of the end of the 2015 fiscal year (June), Jimmy Chan,
Waylon Huang and Er Wang were the directors of the Company. Richard Ko replaced Er Wang as a director on January 1, 2016. 

There are no family relationships among any of our officers
or directors. 

Corporate Governance  

The Company did not have sufficient
and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application
of generally accepted accounting principles accepted in the United States of America commensurate with the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures requirements, which resulted in a number of deficiencies in disclosure controls and procedures that were
identified as being significant. The Company s Board believes that the number and nature of these significant deficiencies,
when aggregated, was determined to be a material weakness. 

(table of contents)    

The Independent Board member valuation
and investigation of the current corporate governance practices were that they were inappropriate and resulted in the need for
the significant restructuring of our company. 

The Company s board of directors
will be working during Fiscal 2016 to rectify these situations. 

Leadership Structure  

Jimmy Chan who, is also a director and
serves as chairman, CEO, CFO and corporate Secretary. Waylon Huang to became a director as of December 31, 2014. Richard Ko became
a director of January 1, 2016. 

Board Committees  

As of the date of this filing, there
are no formal committees of the board of directors. 

Director Independence  

We currently have no independent directors.
We apply the definition of  independent director  provided under the Listing Rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ( NASDAQ ).
Under NASDAQ rules, the Board has considered all relevant facts and circumstances regarding our directors and has affirmatively
determined that none of the directors serving on the Board are independent of us under NASDAQ rules. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance   

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 requires our Company s directors and officers, and persons who own more than ten-percent (10%) of our Company s
common stock, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission reports of ownership on Form 3 and reports of changes in ownership
on Forms 4 and 5. Such officers, directors and ten-percent stockholders are also required to furnish our Company with copies of
all Section 16(a) reports they file. As of June 30, 2015, we do not believe such reports were timely filed. 

Item 10. Executive Compensation  

Mr. Huang receive a salary of $40,000
per year and Mr. Chan as of the date of this filing has no salary. 

Employment Agreements  

Mr. Chan served as CEO of company will
be compensated 3,000,000 shares at the end of each fiscal year. 

Mr. Huang served as GM of company will
be compensated 1,500,000 shares at the end of each fiscal year. 

Mr. Ko served as VP of business development
will be compensated 1,000,000 shares at the end of each fiscal year. 

Grants of Stock and Other Equity Awards  

No other equity awards. 

Option Exercises  

During the fiscal years ending June
30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, there were no option exercises by our named executive officers. 

Compensation of Directors  

Our current Directors do not receive
compensation for their service on the board of directors. Unassociated with board service, Director Chan, during fiscal year June
30, 2016, received 5,000,000 common shares and Director Huang and Ko received 3,000,000 common shares. 

(table of contents)    

Item 11. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

As of the date of this filing, information
with respect to the securities holdings of (i) our officers and directors, and (ii) all persons (currently none) which, pursuant
to filings with the SEC and our stock transfer records, we have reason to believe may be deemed the beneficial owner of more than
five percent (5%) of the Common Stock. 

The securities  beneficially owned 
by an individual are determined in accordance with the definition of  beneficial ownership  set forth in the regulations
promulgated under the Exchange Act and, accordingly, may include securities owned by or for, among others, the spouse and/or minor
children of an individual and any other relative who resides in the same home as such individual, as well as other securities as
to which the individual has or shares voting or investment power or which each person has the right to acquire within 60 days through
the exercise of options or otherwise. Beneficial ownership may be disclaimed as to certain of the securities.  Table 8  has
been prepared based on the number of shares outstanding totaling 202,244,871. 

As of the date of this filing Mr. Jimmy
Chan s holdings represent 7.22% of the company. He is currently employed by LMK Capital LLC as management consultant and
is therefore a beneficial owner of shares owned by LMK Capital LLC. 

 LMK Capital LLC. s holdings as of the date of this
filing represents 5.57% of the company. 

Item 12. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions
and Director Independence   

Transactions with Related Persons  

Our Company reviews transactions between
our Company and persons or entities considered to be related parties (collectively  related parties ). Our Company
considers entities to be related parties where an executive officer, director or a 5% or more beneficial owner of our common stock
(or an immediate family member of these persons) has a direct or indirect material interest. Transactions of this nature require
the approval of our Board.  

Other Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and
Certain Control Persons  

The following includes a summary of
any transaction occurring since July 1, 2012, or any proposed transaction, in which we were or are to be a participant and the
amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of our average total assets at year end for the two most
recently completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other
than compensation described under  Executive Compensation  above). We believe the terms obtained or consideration that
we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the
amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

(table of contents)    

On
July 17, 2014, the Company sold 4,500,000 shares of restricted common stock to an accredited investor for $50,000 pursuant to an
exemption from registration relying on Section 4(a)(2) and Rule 506b     of
Regulation D, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The purchasing entity was LMK CAPITAL LLC, DBA PREMIER PAPER  
PLASTIC INTER NATIONAL ( LMK ), a Company in which our CEO, Jimmy Chan, is a consultant.  

On August 7, 2014, the Company lent
funds in the amount of $135,000 to SWC Group, a company under common control that would later be acquired by Sugarmade Inc., to
aid in debt restructuring. 

Per
board resolution September 18, 2013, our Board approved the appointment of Clifton Leung as of July 19, 2013, as CEO. Leung is
also a Director of our Company. The services contract, which has a term of six months and is renewable at the discretion of our
Board, calls for no monthly or annual salary and compensation in the form of 2,500,000 restricted common shares for the contract
period. Leung is also CEO of Sugarcane Paper Company, which is the sole supplier of paper to the Company. He also holds a controlling
interest in Sugarcane Paper Company.     Sugarcane
Paper Company, for which Leung is a major shareholder, agreed on September 18, 2013 to convert $284,000 of outstanding debt and
then outstanding interest to 2,840,000 common shares. On this same date, Sugarcane Paper Company also agreed to cancel the Company s
production credit line resulting in a zero balance on this credit line in exchange for the issuance of 2,840,000 common shares
to Sugarcane Paper Company. On this date, Sugarcane Paper Company also agreed to accept 1,057,534 common shares for the conversion
of a promissory note with an outstanding balance of $105,753.  

On November 27, 2012, our Company issued
a convertible promissory note in the amount of $100,000 to Leong, a current Director, as part of a financing involving seven accredited
investors. The convertible promissory note were to be repaid by our Company within 9 months from the date of issuance; accrues
interest at the rate of 14%; and is convertible at the election of the note holder at such time as our Company has raised a minimum
of $500,000 in equity in a subsequent equity financing, at the conversion price which is the lower of 80% of the per share purchase
price paid for the securities by the investors in the subsequent financing, or $0.50 per share. Unless this promissory note is
converted or repaid earlier, our Company must pay the note holder the amount of the then accrued interest on the three-month anniversary,
six-month anniversary, and nine month anniversary of the issue date. In connection with the issuance of the promissory notes, Mr.
Jensen received two-year warrants to purchase 3,750 shares of common stock at $0.50 per share, and two-year warrants to purchase
6,250 shares of common stock at $.01 per share. On September 18, 2013, our Board approved the issuance of 1,057,534 common shares
to a Director, Jonathan Leong, pursuant to a settlement agreement dated September 20, 2013, allowing for the conversion of the
$100,000 promissory note balance and $5,753.43 interest due at a rate of $0.10 per share. 

On August 17, 2012, our Company issued
a convertible promissory note in the amount of $25,000 to C. James Jensen, one of our directors, as part of a financing involving
seven accredited investors. The convertible promissory note must be repaid by our Company within 9 months from the date of issuance;
accrues interest at the rate of 14%; and is convertible at the election of the note holder at such time as our Company has raised
a minimum of $500,000 in equity in a subsequent equity financing, at the conversion price which is the lower of 80% of the per
share purchase price paid for the securities by the investors in the subsequent financing, or $.50 per share. Unless this promissory
note is converted or repaid earlier, our Company must pay the note holder the amount of the then accrued interest on the three
month anniversary, six month anniversary, and nine month anniversary of the issue date. In connection with the issuance of the
promissory notes, Jensen received two-year warrants to purchase 3,750 shares of common stock at $.50 per share, and two-year warrants
to purchase 6,250 shares of common stock at $.01 per share. 

Item 13. Principal Accountant Fees
and Services  

Principal Accountant Fees and Services  

(1) Audit Fees   

The aggregate fees billed for professional
services rendered by the principal accountants for the audit of the registrant s annual financial statements and review of
financial statements included in the registrant s Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 were $25,000. 

(table of contents)    

(2) Audit-Related
Fees   

There were no fees billed during the
two years ended June 30, 2016 for assurance and related services by the principal accountants that are reasonably related to the
performance of the audit or review of the registrant s financial statements and are not reported under item (1). 

(3) Tax Fees   

No aggregate fees were billed for professional
services rendered by the principal accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning for the fiscal years ended June
30, 2016 and June 30, 2015. 

(4) Work Performance by
others   

The percentage of hours expended on
the principal accountant s engagement to audit the registrant s financial statements for the most recent fiscal year
that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees was
more than 50 percent. 

PART IV  

    Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules  

_____________________________________________________ 

 (1)        Filed as an
exhibit to this Report. 

1. Financial Statement. See Consolidated Financial Statement in
part II, Item 7 of this Annual report on from 10-K. 

(table of contents)    

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

Sugarmade, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

By __/s/
Jimmy Chan_____________________________________  Date: November 1, 2016 

Jimmy Chan 

 CEO and Director 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

We, the undersigned
directors and/or officers of Sugarmade, Inc. hereby severally constitute and appoint Scott Lantz, acting individually, his true
and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and in his name, place and
stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this registration statement, and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said
attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be
done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

 In accordance with
the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the followings persons in the capacities
and on the dates stated. 

Signature   
       Title   
       Date    

/s/ Jimmy Chan   
         Jimmy Chan  

Director and Chairman  

November 1, 2016   

/s/ Waylon Huang   
         Waylon Huang  

Director  

November 1, 2016   

/s/ Richard Ko   
         Richard Ko 

Director  

November 1, 2016   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sgmd-20160630_10kex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

SUGARMADE, INC.  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(a)
OR 15D-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Jimmy Chan, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Sugarmade, Inc.; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) )) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

i)  
       
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

ii)  
       
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

iii)  
       
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

iv)  
       
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.           The
registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

i)  
       
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

ii)  
       
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
    November 1, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Jimmy Chan  

Jimmy Chan  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sgmd-20160630_10kex31z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

SUGARMADE, INC.  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(a)
OR 15D-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Jimmy Chan, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Sugarmade, Inc.; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

i)  
       
      designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

ii)  
       
      designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

iii)  
       
      evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

iv)  
       
      disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

i)  
       
      all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

ii)  
       
      any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
     November 1, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Jimmy Chan  

Jimmy Chan  

Chief Financial
    Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sgmd-20160630_10kex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

SUGARMADE, INC.  

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with this Annual Report
of Sugarmade, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jimmy Chan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
    November 1, 2016   
      By:   
      /s/ Jimmy Chan  

Jimmy Chan  

Chief Executive Officer  

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sgmd-20160630_10kex32z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

SUGARMADE, INC.  

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with this Annual Report
of Sugarmade, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ending June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jimmy Chan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects,
the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
    November 1, 2016  
      By:   
      /s/ Jimmy Chan  

Jimmy Chan  

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)  

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 sgmd-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 sgmd-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 sgmd-20160630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 sgmd-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sgmd-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 sgmd-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

